<root><doc id="56819719" url="?curid=56819719" title="Elizabeth Fox, Countess of Ilchester">
Elizabeth Fox, Countess of Ilchester

Elizabeth Fox (or Fox-Strangways), Countess of Ilchester (c.1723–1792), née Elizabeth Horner, was the wife of Stephen Fox-Strangways, 1st Earl of Ilchester.
Life.
She was the only child and sole heiress of Thomas Horner (1688-1741) (later Strangways-Horner), MP, of Mells Manor, Mells, Somerset. Her mother was the heiress Susannah Strangways, one of the two daughters of Thomas Strangways (1643-1713) of Melbury House in Dorset, a major landowner. The other daughter, Elizabeth Strangways (died 1729), married James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Hamilton, as his second wife, but died childless. Susanna Strangways was the co-heiress of her childless brother Thomas Strangways (died 1726) and, after the death of her sister the Duchess of Hamilton in 1729, sole heiress.
On 15 March 1736, at the age of 13, Elizabeth married Stephen Fox, the 31-year-old future earl. A homosexual, he was for many years the lover of John Hervey, 2nd Baron Hervey, whose letters to him have been published. Hervey was angered by the marriage and broke off his relationship with Fox. 
He was raised to the peerage in 1741 and was created an earl on 17 June 1756, making his wife a countess. In 1758, the earl took the additional surname and arms of Strangways in compliance with the terms of his wife's inheritance.
Initially, the earl and countess did not live together because of Elizabeth's youth. Several of their children died in infancy. Those who survived to adulthood were:
In the mid-1760s, Elizabeth arranged the construction of a seaside villa with landscaped gardens, near Chesil Beach in Dorset, in imitation of Horace Walpole's Strawberry Hill House; it was called "Strangways", later known as "Abbotsbury Castle". The house was demolished in 1934, but the gardens, expanded and improved by Elizabeth's son Henry, were restored and opened to the public as Abbotsbury Subtropical Gardens. 
From her husband's death in 1772, Elizabeth became Dowager Countess of Ilchester.
Elizabeth is supposedly the real person behind the "first Countess of Wessex" in Thomas Hardy's short story of that name, published in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="56819722" url="?curid=56819722" title="Max J. Anderson House">
Max J. Anderson House


</doc>
<doc id="56819730" url="?curid=56819730" title="William W. Hicks Beach">
William W. Hicks Beach


</doc>
<doc id="56819736" url="?curid=56819736" title="Zahra Kamalkhani">
Zahra Kamalkhani

Zahra Kamalkhani (born 1954) is an Iranian anthropologist.
Zahra Kamalkhani was educated at the University of Tehran, University of Bergen and SOAS. She started teaching the anthropology of gender and Middle Eastern studies at the University of Bergen in 1986, completing her PhD there in 1996. She has lived in Bergen since 1981. She subsequently conducted post-doctoral research at Edith Cowan University and the University of Western Australia.
Works.
"Iranian Immigrants and Refugees in Norway (1988)".
It is a six chapter monograph published by the University of Bergen, Department of Social Anthropology in 1988. The author herself calls it a report to map out the life and settlement of Iranian migrants in Norway. Two main stages of the Iranians' out-migration are described in the book. First section is about the historical context of migration, the factors that influenced the Iranians' decision to migrate. The second section is about the settlement of Iranian migrants in Norway, their adaptation and integration to the new social and cultural environment.
Reception.
The language of the book is mainly descriptive and less analytical. There is less almost no information about the methodology of the research.
Women's Everyday Religious Discourse in Iran (1993).
The essay was published in the book "Women in the Middle East: Perceptions, Realities, and Struggles for Liberation" edited by Afshar Haleh. It is part of the project on Women’s Studies at York Series with the purpose of presenting real images of women from East who are often depicted "seductive and mysterious" In the notes about contributors of the book Kamalkhani was described as PhD candidate in the Department of Anthropology at the University of Bergan.
Kamalkhani's this essay focuses on complex religious rituals of Shiraz women as a unique way of performing their identities and political agency. The gatherings are referred as "rowzeh (or rowzeh-zanāneh)" which are stories about the Islamic saints (Imams) and oral narratives about the historical events significant for Iranian Shiism.
Women's Islam: religious practice among women in today's Iran (1998)..
This book was initially published in 1998 based on Zahra Kamalkhani's Ph.D thesis. The book focuses on the religious practices and family rituals of Iranians women, particularly, women from Shiraz, the author's hometown. After returning to Iran in 1989, the author started to attend religious meetings performed and led by women and the idea of researching women's religious activities was born with this quest. As a native Iranian anthropologist, Kamalkhani describes that women-only religious meetings offered Iranian women public space to perform their identities as in most denominations of Islam and in Muslim cultures, women have comparatively limited participation in public space and Mosques.

</doc>
<doc id="56819741" url="?curid=56819741" title="Land of Fogaras">
Land of Fogaras


</doc>
<doc id="56819744" url="?curid=56819744" title="Nos Annees Francaises">
Nos Annees Francaises

Nos Annees Francaises () is a 2012 Chinese historical TV series directed by Kang Honglei and written by Li Kewei. It stars Zhu Yawen, Zhong Qiu, Zhang Nianhua, Lyu Xia, Wang Fang, Li Zimo, and Liu Zhiyang. It was first broadcast on June 26, 2012 on CCTV-1.
Synopsis.
In 1912, after the establishment of the Republic of China (1912-1949), some young students witness the invasion of China by the Imperialist countries, they decides to find a way to save the country. Li Shizeng, Wu Yuzhang, Wu Zhihui, Zhang Ji organize the Organization of the "Work-Study Program in France" (). Zhou Enlai, Deng Xiaoping, Chen Yi, Nie Rongzhen, Li Fuchun, Li Weihan, Li Lisan, Cai Chang, Fu Zhong, He Changgong, Xiao San, Zhao Shiyan, Cai Hesen, Wang Ruofei, Chen Yannian, Chen Qiaonian, Xiang Jingyu and others win the opportunity to study abroad. They see the achievements of European Industrial Revolution and the Second Industrial Revolution in France. They realize that only science and democracy could save China, and point out the direction for their later revolutionary cause.

</doc>
<doc id="56819749" url="?curid=56819749" title="Speaker of Indian Parliament">
Speaker of Indian Parliament


</doc>
<doc id="56819754" url="?curid=56819754" title="Billy McLean">
Billy McLean

Billy McLean may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56819763" url="?curid=56819763" title="The Bahamas-India relations">
The Bahamas-India relations


</doc>
<doc id="56819766" url="?curid=56819766" title="2007-2008 BAI Basket">
2007-2008 BAI Basket


</doc>
<doc id="56819768" url="?curid=56819768" title="Ivy Ma">
Ivy Ma

Ivy Ma (Ma King Chu; ; born 1973) is a Hong Kong visual artist specializing in mixed media works. Her works were featured in the Hong Kong Art Biennial in 2005 and the Hong Kong Contemporary Art Awards in 2012. She was the winner of the Young Artist Award category of the 2012 Hong Kong Contemporary Art Awards. She was one of the fifteen artists included in the online Artshare exhibition entitled "Resistance" dedicated to Hong Kong artists, curated by art writer Caroline Ha Thuc. Recipients of the FCO Chevening University of Leeds Scholarship from the Hong Kong Arts Development Council and the Lee Hysan Foundation Fellowship from the Asian Cultural Council, she participated in various artist-in-residence programs and international artist workshops in Bangladesh, Finland, Åland, and the USA from 2005 to 2009. Her works are in the collection of the Hong Kong Heritage Museum and is part of the Hong Kong Legislative Council Complex Art Acquisition Project commissioned by the Hong Kong Legislative Council Commission.
Early life and education.
Ivy Ma was born in Hong Kong in 1973. Her academic training was originally in information science. She received a BA in Information Systems from the City University of Hong Kong in 1996. After working as a programmer and software engineer for some years, she began to study painting in 1999 at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) / The Art School, Hong Kong Arts Centre in Hong Kong and earned a BFA (Painting) in 2001. She was awarded a scholarship by the Hong Kong Arts Development Council to study for one year at the University of Leeds in the United Kingdom, where she obtained a MA in Feminist Theory and Practice in Visual Art in 2002.
Career.
Ma served as the Project Coordinator / Manager of 1a space, Hong Kong from 2003 to 2005. She was the curator of the exhibitions "If Hong Kong, A Woman / Traveller" and "Schema: a Traveller's approach" at 1a space and the Artist Commune in Hong Kong in 2005, two exhibitions which are part of the Bilateral Cultural Exchange Project organized by University of Leeds and 1a space, Hong Kong, showcasing artworks by eight female artists from Hong Kong. She curated the exhibition "In Details at" agnès b.’s LIBRAIRE GALERIE, Hong Kong in 2010, in which she is also one of the participating artist.
She taught at the HKICC Lee Shau Kee School of Creativity in Hong Kong from 2006 to 2007"." She was a part-time lecturer at the Hong Kong Art School from 2004 to 2016, and has assumed the position of full-time Lecturer since September 2016. She is course instructor of Associate Degree of Arts in Visual Arts at the Academy of Visual Arts (AVA), Hong Kong Baptist University since 2015.
Selected works and exhibitions.
2001 to 2003: Transmigration of Materials.
Initially working in the media of painting and sculpture during her study at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Ivy Ma already shown her interest in exploring the marginality of different media and materials in her early works by using everyday materials like hairpins, thread, wood, cotton, dolls, fresh meat, and candies. She called the process "transmigration of materials".
Shown in the group exhibition entitled "Wo-Man" at the Old Ladies House in Macau in 2001, "Room of Memories" (2001) is an installation work consisted of a giant thought bubble composed of hundreds of old-fashioned women's hairpins suspended above a broken chair in a comic-strip narrative.
"Remember How to Throb" (2002) is an installation consisting of three works presented in the Graduation Exhibition at the University of Leeds where Ma studied with a scholarship by the Hong Kong Arts Development Council. In "Remember How to Play" (2002), domestic objects such as soft toys, cushions, hair were inserted inside foam and were dotted throughout the exhibition space. Combining video projection and wire, "Remember How to Draw" (2002) showed the artist’s impulsive reactions to her childhood experience of drawing with fingers.
2003 to 2009: On-site works and overseas residencies.
While "Room of Memories" (2001) already touches on memory and history of a site, "Far Away, So Close" (2003) installed at the Kadoorie Farm Botanic Garden in Hong Kong in the exhibition entitled "Dream Garden" was one of Ma's earliest site-specific works. She collected trees collapsed during the typhoon. The tree trunks were sawn into columns and mirrors were attached to the cross-section of the trunks. Images of the sky and other trees were reflected at various angles.
From 2005 to 2009, Ivy Ma participated in a series of artist residencies and workshops in Bangladesh, Europe and the USA. Several on-site works were realized during this period.
As in "Remember How to Play" and "Remember How to Draw (2002)", childhood memories plays an important part in "A Fairy Tale" (2005), a work made during the residency at the Britto International Artists’ Workshop at the Nikera Kori Center in Bangladesh. The work includes a fabricated scaled-down version of a merry-go-round, and candies in silk handkerchief. As mentioned in the artist's notes, "It is about children’s dreams, runs in the air of the playground then settles down in a room…a solitude. It is also about a person watching children play in a playground (as in the lyrics of the Rolling Stones song "As Tears Go By"), from morning to noon...This was indeed a group work and included the owner of the playground…the blacksmith who made the playground ride, his helper and the children I met in the village who gave me inspiration in thinking about the play in one’s childhood." Collaborated with Abdullah Syed (Pakistan), another participant in the workshop, "Always land" (2005) is an on-site work using net made with plastic thread and falling leaves.
"Perception of Phenomenal Soundlessness" (2006) is an on-site work produced outdoors during her residency at the Cable Factory in Helsinki, Finland. Performative acts were carried out while Ma wandered in the frosty landscape. She dragged an empty suitcase with broken wheels to the lakeside, filled it with her own curled up, unclothed body and photographed herself; she gathered tree sticks from grave land and rearranged them on the ice; and she stuffed ice into a man-shaped cloth doll and hanged it on a tree. Images and documentation of the work were presented in the exhibition entitled "Stained, the eclipsed pattern" at Uma-g Gallery, Hong Kong in 2006.
"The Wayward Cloud" (2006) follows a similar methodology. Originally an on-site work created when Ma lived in Wan Chai on the Hong Kong Island, It is about the view seen looks back at the seer, an idea already explored in "Far Away, So Close" (2003). In the artist's word, "I loved to look from my window and see many old buildings. Then I wanted to search for the view that looked back at my home, so I went to the opposite building, and asked the owner if I could pay her a little bit for permission to got to the top and see back to my home." A photograph depicting a naked figure holding a cotton wool cloud on a rooftop and another photograph of the rooftop without the figure taken at the scene were included in the exhibition "Perhaps, Solitude" at the studio of the late Jerry Kwan, teacher of Ivy Ma in Fotan in 2007.
"In Another Land" (2008) is an installation piece created during her residency at the Headlands Center for the Arts in San Francisco, using pebbles collected from Rodeo Beach nearby and cotton thread from a closed-down factory in Oakland.
2010 to 2015: Found images and drawing-interventions.
Starting in 2010 Ivy Ma began focusing on found images, both stills taken from specific films and photographs found in history museums, for an ongoing series of what she calls "drawing-interventions" where she actively erases and draws into and over the existing image.
In the exhibitions "In Details" (2010) at agnès b.’s LIBRAIRE GALERIE, Hong Kong, "Gazes" (2011) at Gallery EXIT, Hong Kong, and "Still Lifes and Waves" (2011) at the Hong Kong Film Archive"," Ma presented cinematic drawings created by magnifying and printing out film stills of objects, plants and fragments of the mise-en-scène in classic films such as Yasujiro Ozu's "Tokyo Story" and "A Story of Floating Weeds," Yoshimitsu Morita's "And Then," Fei Mu's "Spring in a small town". Then she draws directly on the prints in various subtle ways.
In the exhibition "Numbers Standing Still" (2012) at Gallery EXIT, Hong Kong, the source materials are historical images instead of film stills. Re-photographing images of tragedies such as the aftermath of the Hiroshima bombing in "Walking Towards" (2012), the occupation of Nanjing by Japanese soldiers in "Hand 001 / 002 / 003" (2012), and the mass killing by the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia in "Cambodia/Tuol sleng Genocide Museum/Numbers Standing Still" (2012), she erased large portion of the images and then overlapped them with pigments.
Ma shifted her focus to people in the exhibition "Someone" (2014) at the Goethe-Gallery and Black Box Studio, Hong Kong. Source materials range from people in the artist's family photographs, to strangers in found photographs and antique photographs, to faces and bodies of people in historical images of war and disaster.
Works presented in the exhibition "Last Year" (2015) "at" Gallery EXIT, Hong Kong represents an important development in Ma's drawing-interventions which she has been developed for the past 5 years. It is the first time Ma has taken current events as the subject. "I am trying to see how a present moment will very soon be a past moment and understand what this means...I'm always fascinated by the distance between the present and the past, as well as how history is archived and presented to us in the now," Ma talked about the works in an interview with the South China Morning Post. As the title suggests, the series includes 40 black and white mixed-media portraits based on images of protesters Ma taken with a smartphone during the Occupy protest in Hong Kong in 2014.
Full list of exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions.
2021
2020
2018
2015
2014
2012
2011
2010
2009
2007
2001
Group exhibitions.
2021
2020
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
International Artist Workshops / Artist-in-Residence.
2008–2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
Awards.
2012
2007
2001–2002
Publications.
"Ivy Ma: This Room Is Not Still | Selected Works, 2000-2012"

</doc>
<doc id="56819771" url="?curid=56819771" title="Japan-EU Economic Partnership Agreement">
Japan-EU Economic Partnership Agreement


</doc>
<doc id="56819773" url="?curid=56819773" title="Japan-European Union Economic Partnership Agreement">
Japan-European Union Economic Partnership Agreement


</doc>
<doc id="56819777" url="?curid=56819777" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56819781" url="?curid=56819781" title="2009-2010 Angola Basketball Cup">
2009-2010 Angola Basketball Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56819783" url="?curid=56819783" title="2005-2006 BAI Basket">
2005-2006 BAI Basket


</doc>
<doc id="56819786" url="?curid=56819786" title="European Union-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement">
European Union-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement


</doc>
<doc id="56819788" url="?curid=56819788" title="2001-02 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team">
2001-02 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56819790" url="?curid=56819790" title="EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement">
EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement


</doc>
<doc id="56819791" url="?curid=56819791" title="Friedrich George Wilhelm von Struve">
Friedrich George Wilhelm von Struve


</doc>
<doc id="56819793" url="?curid=56819793" title="2005-06 RK Zamet season">
2005-06 RK Zamet season


</doc>
<doc id="56819794" url="?curid=56819794" title="2004-05 RK Zamet season">
2004-05 RK Zamet season


</doc>
<doc id="56819795" url="?curid=56819795" title="2010-2011 Angola Basketball Cup">
2010-2011 Angola Basketball Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56819798" url="?curid=56819798" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56819813" url="?curid=56819813" title="William Rankine Milligan, Lord Milligan">
William Rankine Milligan, Lord Milligan


</doc>
<doc id="56819824" url="?curid=56819824" title="Federal Correctional Complex of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires">
Federal Correctional Complex of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires

The Devoto prison (""), officially named "Complejo Penitenciario Federal de la Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires" was built in 1927 as a medium security prison and managed by the "Policia Federal Argentina". In 1978 a prison riot broke out, referred to as the "Motín de los colchones", which ended with 60 deaths and 85 injuries. 
President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced in 2011 that the prison would be shut down and the prisoners transferred to a new complex in Mercedes, Buenos Aires. As of 2020, the Devoto prison remains fully operational with less than 8% of the inmates transferred to other prisons. Plans for the Mercedes complex were scrapped in 2018 and another in Marcos Paz, Buenos Aires announced instead. 

</doc>
<doc id="56819832" url="?curid=56819832" title="Foro Penal Venezolano">
Foro Penal Venezolano


</doc>
<doc id="56819840" url="?curid=56819840" title="Marcella Lindh">
Marcella Lindh

Marcella Lindh (May 19, 1867 – July 30, 1966) was the stage name of an American soprano singer who was Rose Jacobson Jellinek in private life.
Early life.
Rose Jacobson was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, the daughter of Johanna Cohen Jacobson and Solomon E. Jacobson. Her parents were both born in Mecklenburg, Germany. She trained as a singer in Berlin.
Career.
Marcella Lindh was the first soprano to sing with the John Philip Sousa Band, joining when the band formed in 1892 and staying into 1894. She sang with the Sousa band at the St. Louis World's Fair in the autumn of 1893. A Pennsylvania newspaper during this time praised her voice as "one of the few incomparable soprano voices of the generation...cultivated to such a nicety of perfection, as makes it a charm to the cultivated ear."
She sang with Hinrich's Grand Opera in Boston in the spring of 1893. She performed in a series of Wagner operas in German with the New York Symphony under Walter Damrosch, at the Boston Theatre and at the Metropolitan Opera House. Soon after, she moved to Budapest (in Austria-Hungary) with her husband and young son. She taught voice at a conservatory there, and continued performing. During World War I she was "an official visitor for the American Red Cross mission in Hungary."
Marcella Lindh returned to the United States in 1920, and again in widowhood during World War II. She lived in Detroit, Michigan in her later years.
Personal life.
Rose Jacobson married Markus Erwin Marcel Jellinek, a theatre manager and publisher from Budapest. Their son, E. Morton Jellinek, became a noted expert on alcoholism. They also had a daughter, Edna. Marcella Lindh was widowed when her husband died in 1939, in Budapest. She died in 1966, aged 99 years, in a Michigan nursing home.

</doc>
<doc id="56819859" url="?curid=56819859" title="2018 Western Michigan Broncos football team">
2018 Western Michigan Broncos football team

The 2018 Western Michigan Broncos football team represented Western Michigan University (WMU) in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by second-year head coach Tim Lester and played their home games at Waldo Stadium as a member of the West Division of the Mid-American Conference. They finished the season 7–6, 5–3 in MAC play to finish in a three-way tie for second place in the West Division. They were invited to the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl where they lost to BYU.
Previous season.
The Broncos finished the 2017 season 6–6, 4–4 to finish in fourth place in the West Division. Despite being bowl eligible, the Broncos did not receive an invite to a bowl game.
Preseason.
Preseason media poll.
The MAC released their preseason media poll on July 24, 2018, with the Broncos predicted to finish in third place in the West Division.
Schedule.
The following table lists WMU's schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="56819866" url="?curid=56819866" title="Abstinence-plus">
Abstinence-plus


</doc>
<doc id="56819872" url="?curid=56819872" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Men's 5000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Men's 5000 metres

The men's 5000 metres at the 1996 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 1996 in Harbin, China.

</doc>
<doc id="56819873" url="?curid=56819873" title="Cerro Blanco Forest">
Cerro Blanco Forest

Cerro Blanco Forest (Spanish: "Bosque Protector Cerro Blanco") is a tropical dry forest reserve in the Guayas Province of Ecuador. It belongs to the company Holcim Ecuador and is administered by the foundation Fundación Pro-Bosque. It can be visited. More than 200 species of birds, more than 50 species of mammals (more than twenty of them bats), more than 10 species of reptiles and 10 species of amphibians can be seen, along with a variety of spiders, butterflies and other animals. It is known for its howler monkeys. Jaguars are also said to occur here.
It is the most important conservation area for the southern population of the Guayaquil macaw, "Ara ambiguus" ssp. "guayaquilensis", endemic to western coastal Ecuador. 

</doc>
<doc id="56819879" url="?curid=56819879" title="Drawing Sword">
Drawing Sword

Drawing Sword () is a 2005 Chinese historical and war TV series directed by Zhang Qian and Chen Jian, written by Du Liang and Jiang Qitao, and starring Li Youbin, He Zhengjun and Zhang Guangbei. It is base on the novel "Drawing Sword" by Du Liang. The series was first broadcast on CCTV-1 in China from 13 September to 28 September 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="56819881" url="?curid=56819881" title="Fortnite Battle Royale">
Fortnite Battle Royale

Fortnite Battle Royale is a free-to-play battle royale video game developed and published by Epic Games. It is a companion game to "", a cooperative survival game with construction elements. It was initially released in early access on September 26, 2017, for Microsoft Windows, macOS, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One, followed by ports for iOS, Android, and Nintendo Switch the following year. Epic dropped the early access label for the game on June 29, 2020. Versions for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S were released as launch titles in late 2020.
The concept of the game is similar to previous games of the genre: 100 players skydive onto an island and scavenge for gear to defend themselves from other players. Players can fight alone (Solo), with one additional player (Duos), three players (Trios), or with a group of four (Squads). As the match progresses, the playable area within the island gradually constricts, giving the players less and less room to work with; outside this safe zone is "the Storm", which inflicts damage on those caught inside it, with the amount of damage growing as the Storm itself does. The last player or team alive wins the match. The main distinction from others in the genre is the game's construction elements, letting players build walls, obstacles, and other structures from collected resources to take cover from incoming fire or give one a strategic view advantage. "Battle Royale" uses a seasonal approach with battle passes to introduce new character customization content in the game, as well as limited-time events, some of which correspond with changes to the game map. Since its initial release, several other game modes have been introduced, including "Battle Lab" and "Party Royale".
The idea for "Battle Royale" arose following the release of "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" in 2017, a similar battle royale game that was highly successful but noted for its technical flaws. Originally released as part of the early access version of "Save the World", Epic later transitioned the game to a free-to-play model funded by microtransactions. Following its rise in popularity, Epic split the development team, with one focusing on "Battle Royale" and the other on "Save the World".
"Battle Royale" received positive reviews from critics, who praised its learning curve, gameplay, art style, multiplayer and progression system, but noted its similarity to previous games in the genre. The game quickly rose in popularity following its release, eventually surpassing "Battlegrounds" in overall player count and revenue. Player count had exceeded 350 million by May 2020, while by March 2019, the game had generated over 2 billion dollars worldwide. The game has gone on to become a cultural phenomenon, with promotion through social media and several celebrities, such as Ninja, Marshmello, and Drake, contributing to the game's popularity, achieving record-high viewership on streaming platforms in the process.
Gameplay.
The main gameplay for "Fortnite Battle Royale" follows the standard format for the battle royale genre. The game normally is played either with each player on their own, or in a squad of two to four players, with up to 100 players participating each round. The round starts with players, weaponless, skydiving from floating buses ("Battle Bus") then deploying a glider onto a region of land. The island's fixed layout includes several landmarks and locations (named in an alliterative fashion, such as "Lazy Lake", "Pleasant Park", and "Retail Row") that are mostly ghost towns during matches, while a random distribution of weapons, shields, and other combat support features can be found by searching chests scattered in buildings and other sites.
The primary goal is to be the last player or team alive by eliminating or avoiding other players. When playing in solo modes, players are immediately eliminated when they exhaust their health. In squad modes, downed players can crawl around while losing health; they can be eliminated immediately by an opponent or revived by a squadmate to help them up. Initially, when the game launched, eliminated players were out of the match, but starting with updates in April 2019, squadmates can attempt to respawn a downed player at various "Reboot vans" scattered around the map, which are few and far between and in the open, making it a risk to respawn a squadmate. Over time, the game's safe zone (representing the eye of a storm), decreases in size, and players caught outside the zone will take damage. This directs the surviving players into tighter spaces, forcing player encounters. Supply drops will spawn in random locations during a match, providing random weapons and items. Like in the original "" game, "Fortnite Battle Royale" is primarily played in a third-person perspective.
"Fortnite Battle Royale"s primary distinction from other battle royale games is the building system, which originated from the original "Fortnite" survival game. Nearly all objects in the environment can be destroyed and harvested for materials (wood, stone, and metal), which can then be used to build fortifications of limited durabilities, such as walls, ramps, floors, and roofs, which can be used to help traverse the map, protect the player from gunfire, or slow down progression of other players. Weaker pieces can be destroyed in a few hits, but can be built quickly, while stronger pieces can withstand more damage, but take longer to build.
The game is free-to-play, supported by microtransactions that allow players to buy "V-Bucks," the game's internal currency. V-Bucks are also shared with the main "Fortnite: Save the World" game, which offers players the opportunity to earn V-Bucks by completing missions or daily quests. V-Bucks can then be used to buy cosmetic improvements to the player (outfits, pickaxes, gliders, backblings, and emotes). The game is run in chapters with a number of seasons, each season lasting about 10 weeks each. Each season introduces an exclusive set of cosmetic items that can be obtained. These are offered through a dual-track battle pass, which features a number of tiers that players climb through by earning experience through completing in-game objectives, while acquiring cosmetic rewards or other items in the process. Each player has access to the "free" track of the Battle Pass, which offers fewer cosmetics that can be earned by clearing multiple tiers, while players can also purchase the Pass' "premium" track with V-Bucks, which offers more challenges and grants prizes for every tier the player advances. Players can use V-Bucks to purchase tiers as well once they have bought the Battle Pass. Starting in December 2020, Epic added the ""Fortnite" Crew" monthly subscription plan; those on the plan gain access to the latest Battle Pass, a monthly allocation of V-Bucks, and access to exclusive cosmetics only available to subscribers.
Since release, Epic Games has added more features, such as new weapon and items and makeshift vehicles such as shopping carts and golf carts. Epic is also able to deploy hotfixes to the game to adjust aspects like weapon attributes and distribution, pushing these out in minutes if necessary should they or players discover critical issues or glitches, as well as removing older or not well received items from the game in a process called "vaulting". With the release of the standalone "Fortnite Creative" gameplay mode in December 2018, an area of the "Fortnite Battle Royale" map called "The Block" featured a rotating selection of user-made creations developed in "Creative" mode and approved by Epic. A "Battle Lab" mode was added in December 2019 for players to create their own custom battle royale games. In April 2020, a new "Party Royale" mode was added, taking place on a small map where combat and construction was disabled though non-lethal gameplay items can be acquired like paint guns and vehicles; this map was aimed to be used as a social space, as well as to host in-game events like concerts.
Prior to September 2019, "Fortnite" did not have specialized matchmaking, outside of platform and regional limits. With an upcoming patch, the game introduced skill-based matchmaking, based on internal metrics that judge a player's skill in the game. Further, with Chapter 2 Season 1, the game will add special matches against computer-controlled bots to help players practice the game.
Limited time and competitive modes.
Epic has the ability to include limited-time modes (LTM) within the game, which provides Epic with experimental capabilities and gain feedback from players to improve upon. One of its earliest additions was a 50-v-50 mode, placing players randomly on one of two teams and dropping them on opposite sides of the map, giving the two teams time to gather resources, create fortifications, and hunt the other team before the storm moved in. A sandbox Playground LTM was introduced in June 2018, which allows up to four players to explore and build anything anywhere on the battle map, while being able to fight each other and respawn upon defeat until the storm covered the map after an hour and eliminated them all; Epic later made this a permanent mode in the game. 
Epic has stated that they intend to add ranked competitive play in the future. A preliminary competitive mode, Solo Showdown, ran for a limited time starting in May 2018, ranking players by their final placement in matches and rewarding the top-placing competitors with V-Bucks.
Seasonal changes.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" has created a larger loose narrative that is exhibited through changes in the game map, which generally correlated to the start and end of the in-game season. For example, in the lead up to the fourth season of the first chapter which started in May 2018, players saw a number of shooting stars cross the skies, followed by a giant comet that neared the ground; upon the start of that season, the comet had hit one of the locations on the map, leaving a giant crater, among other changes. This tied into several new cosmetic skins related to superheroes and super-villains that were available that month. Epic has the ability to create custom events that occur across all game servers simultaneously as well; the first example of such was a countdown leading to a giant rocket's launch in June 2018 which, in the aftermath, left cracks in the skies that have grown since that event.
The game initially launched without any seasonable schedule, but starting with the release of Chapter 1 Season 2 in December 2017, Epic has provided new content, which includes new cosmetics, new gameplay elements, and changes to the game's map, on a roughly 10-week basis. This also introduced the use of the battle pass for players to obtain some of this new content by completing challenges and gaining experience.
Promotional modes and elements.
Shortly after the launch of the film ', Epic ran a Marvel-sponsored event that featured the Infinity Gauntlet that randomly spawned on the map; any player that equipped it became Thanos with added abilities. A second "Avengers"-based mode was released upon release of ', where players are randomly split between Avenger and Chitauri armies, seeking out the Infinity Stones or the Infinity Gauntlet. Since then, other promotional content from other commercial properties, including cosmetic items and map features, has been available for limited periods in "Fortnite", typically around the time of premieres or first broadcasts for these works. These commercial properties have included "Ralph Breaks the Internet", "John Wick", "Stranger Things", "Star Wars", "Birds of Prey", and several others.
Non-gameplay related promotional events have included: 
Epic started a regular "Fortnite" Spotlight in-game concert event series in September 2020 using the "Party Royale" game mode, with such concerts from various musicians planned on a weekly basis and free for any player of "Fortnite" to watch. The musician will perform their set in a special studio set up by Epic that will be digitized in game. According to Nate Nanzer, Epic Games head of global partnerships, "We're creating this platform to work with artists — big artists and up-and-coming artists."
Development.
"Fortnite" had first been revealed by Epic Games in 2011, considered to be a combination of "Minecraft" and "Left 4 Dead" as four players would work together to scavenge resources to built fortifications, traps, weapons, and other objects to survive monster attacks. The game ended up with a protracted development period, in part due to both external pressures, with the industry transitioning to a games as a service model, and internal shifts of focus within Epic (including focusing attention on their first free-to-play title "Paragon") to meet the external challenges. During this period, Epic made a deal with Tencent, giving them about 40% of the company in exchange for their support for the games as a service approach as well as ready access to the Chinese video game market. "Fortnite" was confirmed to have a planned 2018 release in June 2017, with a paid early access period starting a month later; the game is planned otherwise as a free-to-play title supported by microtransactions. With release in early access, the game featured its primary gameplay mode, "Save the World", where players in teams up to four would work cooperatively to survive and complete objectives on randomly generated maps.
During the latter part of "Fortnite"s development, "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" was released in March 2017 on personal computers in early access, and quickly became a popular and successful game, becoming the defining example of the battle royale genre. According to Mustard, the Epic team "loved Battle Royale games like [Battlegrounds]", and explored how they could make a similar mode within "Fortnite"s engine. They kept this mode in a separate development team from the main player versus environment modes for experimentation and as to not throw off the balance in the main game. The Battle Royale mode development was led by Eric Williamson with Zack Estep as production lead. Their goal was to develop the Battle Royale mode quickly from the core "Save the World" mode, putting off any complex features that weren't already in place as to launch the new mode as soon as possible; while they explored such potential ideas, they held off inclusion until after the main mode was launched. The development of the "Battle Royale" mode took about two months starting in July 2017 after the "Save the World" mode had shipped, and was aided by the "Unreal Tournament" team. Key differences for Battle Royale that differed from "Save the World" included a more limited progression for weapons, a small subset of traps, and a smoother, more natural terrain for the maps. They also wanted to aim for games not taking longer than 25 minutes, which led to some decisions of which elements from "Save the World" would not carry over. They had including "Fortnite"s building mechanic for fortifications, not sure how players would use that since the safe zone would continue shrinking, but found quickly that the mechanic helped to distinguish the game from "Battlegrounds" and was used by expert players frequently to win matches, and had since implemented more features to help players with rapidly constructing temporary bases.
In those two months of development, Epic's plan was to include "Battle Royale" within the paid "Fortnite" game, and originally announced this approach publicly in early September 2017. Only two weeks before it was released did Epic decide to make it a separate free-to-play title, fearing that having it as part of the paid package would slow down the growth of the title. Epic announced this change formally about a week after first announcing "Battle Royale", allowing those that had purchased early access to "Fortnite" in anticipation of this mode to request refunds. This release, which beat out "Battlegrounds" to consoles, caused some concern with "Battlegrounds" developer Bluehole, as they had been working closely with Epic for Unreal engine support in "Battlegrounds", and were worried that "Fortnite" might be able to include planned features to their Battle Royale mode before they could release those in "Battlegrounds".
With the popularity of "Fortnite Battle Royale" by the start of 2018, Epic split off a separate development team to focus on improvements for this mode. Epic said that their attention to "Fortnite" was causing some of their other games to see lower player populations, leading them to reduce development efforts on these games, particularly "Paragon". By the end of January 2018, Epic announced it was shutting down "Paragon" by April of that year, providing refunds to all players. Similarly, Epic announced it had halted development of the planned free-to-play "Unreal Tournament" game, its team transitioned to "Fortnite", though the game will remain available, playable, and open to end-user modifications. Players on a "Fortnite"-dedicated Reddit forum had expressed concerns that a similar fate could befall the "Save the World" mode of "Fortnite", as externally, the "Save the World" mode has not received the same attention in providing updates and improvements compared to the "Battle Royale" mode since that mode's release.
According to Mustard, from the start of developing "Fortnite Battle Royale", Epic had been interested in telling a narrative with the game, with a long-term narrative planned out by Mustard, but recognized the challenge when most players were focused on the base mechanics of the title. They decided to make players more as witnesses to the events rather than central characters, allowing the story to be told out through non-player characters that the players may encounter or through the game's additional media. This long-term narrative was designed to be flexible, accounting for both responses from players as well as for cross-promotions that Epic had secured over time, which had connected to the overall concept of a multiverse that is part of this narrative. Incorporating the narrative elements had led the development team to plan out new ways to include them, such as the single-time events across all servers, or specialized single-player missions.
On June 29, 2020, Epic announced that they considered "Save the World" to no longer be in early access, and as a companion move, eliminated the early access labels from both "Battle Royale" and "Creative" modes.
Localization.
Tencent, who is a partial owner of Epic Games, will bring "Fortnite Battle Royale" to China; the company is already involved in bringing and supporting "Battlegrounds" in China as well. Tencent plans to spend up to to help promote the game in China, set up eSports tournaments, and fight against copyright infringement and clones of "Fortnite" that have appeared in the country. Epic also worked with Neowiz Games to bring a version of "Fortnite" to South Korea, launched in November 2018.
Ports.
A release of "Fortnite" for the Nintendo Switch video game console had been rumored in the week prior to the E3 2018 in June 2018. During the Nintendo Direct presentation, Nintendo and Epic Games announced the release of "Fortnite Battle Royale" for the Nintendo Switch, supporting cross-platform play with any other platform except the PlayStation 4; such users are able to carry over their inventory, Battle Pass status, and in-game currency between these platforms through their Epic user account. The game was released on June 12, 2018, the same day as the announcement. It is the first game to support direct voice chat through the Switch console through software provided by Vivox. With the success of the Switch version of "Fortnite", Vivox had made its voice chat software development kit available for other Switch games.
In March 2018, Epic announced it was making "Fortnite Battle Royale" for Android and iOS mobile devices. The iOS version was released first, and was expected to be followed by the Android version by mid-2018. The beta version for iOS devices launched on March 15, 2018, and opened to all players on April 2, 2018. Epic Games stated that it was not possible to release the Android version with the iOS version simultaneously, and declined to provide a concrete release date for it, because the developers wanted to spend a few months making sure that the game will be compatible with as many Android devices as possible, a task that is not easily accomplished due to the high variety of Android hardware.
The Android beta version of "Fortnite" was released on August 9, 2018 with a time-exclusivity for selected Samsung mobile devices until August 12, 2018. On August 13, 2018, Epic began sending invites for the Android version to registered users for non-Samsung devices, and by October 11, 2018, the Android client was made available to all without an invite.
Until April 2020, the Android version was originally not distributed on Google Play Store: users had to sideload an installer app from an Android application package (APK) file downloaded from the Epic Games' website (although on Samsung devices, the app was also available via the internal Samsung Galaxy Apps service). Epic Games stated that it wanted to have a direct connection to the players of the game, and did not want its microtransactions to be subject to Google Play Store's 30% revenue sharing requirement (considering them disproportionate to the types of services the store provides). Epic had tried to seek an exemption from Google from this revenue cut for in-app purchases, but Google refused, stating the need for the fee to maintain and improve the Google Play storefront. Security experts expressed concern over this decision, since this requires users to modify security settings in default Android distributions to allow third-party sites to install Android application packages (APK). This setting can make users, particularly younger players, prone to potential malware, including clones of "Fortnite" that install malicious programming. About a month after the Android release, there were at least 32 clones of the "Fortnite" installer on the Google Store, with half found to include malware. Epic's installer for Android does include a warning message following the install that users should re-enable security controls and warns users of only downloading content from trusted sources. The initial installer was found by Google to have a potential vector that would allow for malware to be installed, though this was patched within 48 hours of discovery and Epic did not believe anyone used the vector. By April 2020, Epic announced it would release "Fortnite" for Android via the Play Store and discontinue its side-loading approach, stating that Google puts third-party software outside of the Play Store at a high disadvantage.
The iOS version of "Fortnite Battle Royale" alone brought in an estimated in microtransaction revenue within the first three days of in-app purchases being available, according to analysis firm Sensor Tower. "Glixel" considered these numbers impressive, compared to the early success rate of other popular mobile games, such as "Pokémon Go" and "Clash Royale" which earned and in their first four days, respectively. Sensor Tower further estimated that after one month, the mobile title had earned more than in revenue, surpassing revenues from any other mobile games and other several top-grossing apps during the same period.
Epic announced in May 2020 alongside its reveal of the upcoming Unreal Engine 5 that ports of "Fortnite" for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X are planned to be available at the time of consoles' releases in late 2020. These will initially run on Unreal Engine 4, but the game is expected to transition to Unreal Engine 5 by mid-2021 when the engine is released.
Cross-platform play.
For the first five seasons, all ports of "Fortnite Battle Royale" supported cross-platform play with other versions, but with limited interaction in regards to the PlayStation 4. Players on personal computer and mobile versions could cross-play with Xbox One and Nintendo Switch users, or alternatively they could cross-play with PlayStation 4 users. While Epic Games had expressed interest in having full cross-platform play across all available platforms, Sony's continued refusal to allow cross-play between the PlayStation 4 and other consoles rendered this impossible, according to Microsoft. Further, while players could use a single Epic Games account to share progress in "Fortnite Battle Royale" on all other platforms, those who used their PlayStation Network credentials to establish their Epic account cannot use that account on other platforms. The account restriction was confirmed to be as a result of Sony's initial decision to prohibit cross-platform play between its PlayStation 4 and other consoles, rather than a choice Epic had made.
By September 2018, Sony had made a decision to allow cross-platform play for the PlayStation 4 for "select third-party titles", starting with "Fortnite". A beta version of the PlayStation 4 client supporting this was released for the game on September 26, 2018, the same day as Sony's announcement. Tools to merge multiple Epic accounts as well as unlinking console accounts from an Epic account to attach to another were released in February 2019. The first full patch adding in cross-platform play support across all consoles was released in March 2019.
Solo mobile players, or squads entirely consisting of mobile players will play solely with other mobile players by default for fairness; players however can use cross-platform play to join squads on other platforms, and matchmaking will consider all available matches. With the March 2019 for cross-platform play, the game will similar matchmake PlayStation 4 and Xbox One users by default to avoid these players being at a disadvantage against computer users.
Promotion and marketing.
In May 2018, Epic announced a partnership with sports apparel manufacturing company IMG to produce official "Fortnite"-themed clothing. A Hasbro-licensed "Fortnite Battle Royale"-themed version of "Monopoly" was announced for release by late 2018; the "Fortnite Monopoly" game reflects some elements of the video game, such as the money being replaced with player's lives, and the ability to protect properties on the board with walls. Further, with this deal, Hasbro produced "Fortnite"-based Nerf blasters, which reached retail in 2019. Funko released a series of "Fortnite" themed Pop! figurines in late 2018.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" has been packaged as special bundles with both the Xbox One and Nintendo Switch, each version providing redeemable codes for V-bucks and platform-unique customization options. A retail release of "Fortnite Battle Royale", called "Fortnite: Deep Freeze Bundle", was distributed by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch in late 2018. The package included a redeemable code for V-Bucks and unique in-game cosmetics.
In October 2018, Epic launched its "Support a Creator" program for "Fortnite". Individual players could designate one of several popular "Fortnite" streamers, selected by Epic via an application process, to support via the game client. That creator would then earn money based on how many V-bucks their supporters spent within the game, at a rate of for every 10,000 V-Bucks (roughly, 5% of the monetary value). Though initially planned as a limited time event, Epic found by December 2018 that millions of "Fortnite" players were using the promotion to support more than 10,000 streamers, and since have made it a permanent option for "Fortnite" and hoping this would help some creators go full-time, and plans to extend this program to other games offered via the Epic Games Store, including "Tom Clancy's The Division 2".
In November 2018, Epic partnered with the National Football League (NFL) to make character skins for each of the 32 teams in the league available to purchase for a limited time. This was the result of the influence of "Fortnite" on NFL players, who had frequently performed "Fortnite" dance emotes as touchdown celebrations.
Esports.
One of the first professional esports competitions using "Fortnite" was the "Fortnite" Pro-Am event, held on June 12, 2018 during E3 2018, with 3,000 in attendance. This tournament was announced after the success of the March 2018 stream by Ninja where he played alongside celebrities like Drake. The event featuring 50 celebrities paired with 50 top streaming players competing for prize pool of to be given to winning teams' charities. Ninja and his celebrity teammate Marshmello were the winners of this event. Additional Pro-Am events were held at E3 2019 in June 2019.
In May 2018, Epic announced it was setting aside to fund various tournaments throughout the year to help grow "Fortnite Battle Royale" into an eSport. The first "Fortnite" World Cup tournament was announced in February 2019, with qualifying rounds in April through June 2019, and the finals held at the Arthur Ashe Stadium in New York City from July 26–28, 2019. A total prize pool of , including a payout to the winner of the solo and duo competitions, was given out.
During mid-2018, Epic started running a Summer Skirmish series over eight weeks, each week having a different format, with to be offered to winners throughout the series. The series had some initial problems; the first week event was cut short due to technical issues with game servers, while the second event ended with accusations of cheating towards the winner which Epic later verified were not true. Epic launched its second competition play series, the Fall Skirmish, on September 21, 2018, with up to in prizes for winners.
Starting with the game's tenth season in August 2019, Epic plans to run various Champion Series competitions for cash prizes. Each series is expected to have a different format, such as the first one slated to use squads of three. Each will have a number of qualifying weeks and a final tournament to determine winners across several geographic regions.
Through PlayVS, Epic will sponsor high school and college-level "Fortnite" tournaments in the United States starting in 2020.
Other media.
Epic and DC Comics partnered for a six-issue comic book crossover series, "Batman/Fortnite: Zero Point", to start distribution in April 2021. The story is written by Christos Gage in collaboration with Epic's Donald Mustard. Each issue will include codes to unlock in-game items for "Fortnite" with a Batman outfit code available with purchase of all six books.
Reception and legacy.
Player count and revenue.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" received generally positive reviews on all platforms. Daniel Tack of "Game Informer" gave the game 9.5/10 and praised the "stylish and colorful visuals", "incredibly easy" playability, high replayability and called it an "a frenzy of fresh, fantastical fun". Michael Higham of "Gamespot" gave the game 8/10 and praised the "intuitive" building mechanics, "unexpected" challenges, "fresh" updates, though criticized its repetitive resource-gathering and map traversal and "bare" main towns. Austen Golsin of "IGN" gave the game 9.6/10 and stated, "Thanks to the freedom of its outstanding building mechanic, "Fortnite Battle Royale" isn’t just a great battle royale game – it’s one of the best multiplayer games in recent history."
"Fortnite Battle Royale" has become a phenomenon and has been compared by analysts to "World of Warcraft" and "Minecraft" for successfully drawing in people who do not usually play video games. "Fortnite Battle Royale" obtained over 10 million players two weeks after its release. By March 2018, it was estimated to have more than 45 million players. Three months later, in June 2018, Epic announced they had achieved over 125 million players in less than a year, with at least 40 million players playing the game once per month. In November 2018, "Bloomberg" reported that "Fortnite" had over 200 million registered accounts across all platforms. Epic CEO Tim Sweeney reported that the game had reached 250 million players by the time of the 2019 Game Developers Conference, with an estimated 35% of those players being female, the highest known percentage for any shooter game. By May 2020, Epic stated the game had over 350 million registered players.
Individual platform releases saw initial surges in player counts. Within a day of becoming available, the Nintendo Switch version had been downloaded over 2 million times, according to Nintendo. Epic said that "Fortnite" had been downloaded over 15 million times for Android within three weeks of its launch. On the release of Season 5 in July 2018, Akamai Technologies reported that "Fortnite" traffic neared 37 terabytes per second, the largest recorded amount of traffic for any video game that they have observed. With its quarterly financial report ending September 30, 2018, Nintendo said that "Fortnite Battle Royale" had been downloaded on about half of all Switch systems they have sold, representing about 11.5 million downloads.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" was made available to South Korea and their numerous PC bangs in November 2018; shortly after this point, Epic reported that "Fortnite" has surpassed a concurrent player count of 8.3 million, surpassing the game's previous record of 3.4 million in February 2018.
Analysis firm SuperData estimated that "Fortnite Battle Royale" made over in February 2018, surpassing "Battlegrounds"s revenues for the same period of . SuperData estimated "Fortnite"s revenues over all platforms to exceed for the month of March. By April 2018, SuperData estimated that "Fortnite Battle Royale" had surpassed both sales and player count on all platforms over "Battlegrounds". The game generated in revenue in April, followed by in May, according to SuperData. By July 2018, "Fortnite Battle Royale" had been estimated to have brought in over in revenue. Prior to the Season 5 start in July 2018, Sensor Tower estimated that the mobile version of "Fortnite Battle Royale" made over daily; following the launch of Season 5, revenues jumped to per day. SuperData estimated that "Fortnite Battle Royale" brought in in revenue during 2018, the highest annual revenue of any free-to-play title. SuperData estimated that "Fortnite" revenues dropped by 25% in 2019 to , attributing the drop to stabilization of expenditures for the game, and was still the highest revenue-earning game in 2019.
At the time of Tencent's investment into Epic in 2012, Epic Games had a valuation. Because of "Fortnite Battle Royale", Epic's valuation increased to . "Bloomberg" raised the estimate to around by the end of 2018 should "Fortnite Battle Royale" reach during the year. Partially due to the influx of revenue from "Fortnite Battle Royale", Epic reduced its portion of sales it collected from the Unreal Engine Marketplace from 30% to 12% in July 2018, applying that retroactively to past sales.
Viewership.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" has also had record viewership on various streaming services. One of the first major streams of "Fortnite" was in March 2018, in which Tyler "Ninja" Blevins hosted a stream that included Drake, Travis Scott, Kim DotCom, and Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster all playing the game. The stream broke over 635,000 concurrent viewers, making it the highest-watched stream on Twitch outside of esports tournaments at the time. YouTube streamer Rubén Doblas Gundersen held a "Fortnite Battle Royale" match with 99 other well-known YouTube streamers in late March, which drew over 1.1 million viewers, making it one of the most-watched gaming YouTube streams. The "Fortnite" Pro-Am event held at E3 2018 was estimated to have drawn over 1.3 million views across Twitch and other streaming services, making it one of the highest-viewed live-streamed event to date.
Further live events set by Epic have continued to draw record numbers of stream viewers. The 2019 Fortnite World Cup drew 1.5 million viewers, while "The End" event that closed out Season X in October 2019 had 1.6 million. Even after the conclusion of the event, during the 36-hour period that the "Fortnite" game only showed a black screen with a spot of light on it, "Fortnite" streams had up to 327,000 viewers on Twitch and 437,000 viewers on YouTube watching the idle animation. Epic reported that over 7 million total viewers across Twitch, YouTube, and Twitter across "The End" event. The Chapter 2, Season 2 ending event in June 2020 had drawn 12 million in-game players with an additional 8.4 million watching through player streams. The single largest viewed in-game concert was the Travis Scott in-game concert in April 2020, which drew 12.3 million in-game players to watch. The single largest viewed-in game event was the Devourer of Worlds Event, which brought 15.3 million in-game players and an additional 3.4 million people watching through streams.
Impact.
Journalists attributed "Fortnite Battle Royale"s success over "PlayerUnknown Battlegrounds" as a combination of several factors: besides being free-to-play and available on consoles, the game was released at a time when "Battlegrounds" was struggling with game cheaters and a toxic community, and that it features a less violent, cartoonish quality to it that, like "Minecraft", was able to draw in a younger and mixed-gendered audiences to play. Further, Epic has maintained frequent updates for the game, adding new weapons and in-game tools alongside limited-time events and longer-term narrative elements that help to further draw in players. The high interest in the game within March 2018, which has been able to draw larger audiences compared to existing multiplayer games like "Grand Theft Auto Online" and "Destiny 2", has had a financial impact on competing publishers Take-Two Interactive and Activision Blizzard, their stocks having fallen during this period, according to analysts from Morgan Stanley and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Activision's CEO Bobby Kotick, on their quarterly results released May 2018, stated that "Fortnite is definitely a lot of competition right now...it’s been a really important catalyst in attracting new gamers to gaming", and the company is looking to develop its own battle royale title. Electronic Arts CEO Blake Jorgensen also considered both "Fortnite Battle Royale" and "Battlegrounds" as having a significant market impact. Jorgensen said " [Fortnite is] bringing younger people into the marketplace and younger people into first-person shooters, and I think that's good for the long run health of that category for all of us in the industry". Non-video game entertainment companies have also seen the impact of "Fortnite". Netflix, in reporting its Q4 2018 results, stated that their competition is more with "Fortnite", including streaming content related to the game, rather than rival television network stations like HBO.
Part of the game's success is also considered to be related to its impact on social media. By March 2018, "Fortnite Battle Royale" became the most-viewed game on Twitch, exceeding the average-concurrent viewership numbers of "League of Legends" and "Battlegrounds". Blevins has gained significant attention as one of the first major "Fortnite Battle Royale" streamers. He gained a large number of subscribers by March 2018, in part due to his skill and through promotions on Twitch that offered free "Fortnite Battle Royale" cosmetic items; by March 2018, he was estimated to be making a month from his streaming revenue. By the end of 2018, Blevins had reported he had made nearly from his "Fortnite" streaming activities in 2018 with over 20 million subscribers to his YouTube and Twitch channels. For his success from "Fortnite", "Time" included Blevins within its "Time" 100 most influential people of 2019. To acknowledge individuals like Blevins that had helped grow the popularity of "Fortnite", Epic has released a number of in-game cosmetics under the "Icon Series" based on the real-life people; in addition to Blevins, cosmetics were released for musicians Marshmello and Major Lazer, and the streamer Loserfruit, with a planned release of cosmetics related to David "Grefg" Martínez.
A number of celebrities and athletes have said they play "Fortnite Battle Royale", such as Chance the Rapper, Joe Jonas, Finn Wolfhard, Roseanne Barr, and Norm Macdonald. For athletes, their appreciation for the game has taken on the form of recreating the various emotes in game as part of their on-field celebration dances. Such "Fortnite" celebrations were frequently throughout the 2018 FIFA World Cup event in June and July 2018, including by Antoine Griezmann after a scoring penalty kick during the 2018 FIFA World Cup Final. Other notable people have expressed their fondness for the game; the Russo brothers, directors of "", stated that they often played "Fortnite Battle Royale" during breaks on the film's development, leading them to propose the idea of the Thanos LTM for the game. The Russo brothers also co-directed the introduction cinematic for Chapter 2 Season 6 that was released in March 2021. The awareness of the game from well-known celebrities has been considered a reason for further popularity and player growth of the game.
In popular culture.
"Fortnite Battle Royale" has been jokingly referred to as "Fork Knife" on social media, believed to have originated with people, unfamiliar with the game, described their friends and family spending time playing the game. Epic added a harvestable, non-playable "Fork Knife" food truck to the game map as the term gained popularity. In September 2018, "Fortnite" was featured as a question on the game show "Jeopardy!", and was spoofed in a skit on the September 29, 2018, episode of "Saturday Night Live". The "South Park" episode "The Scoots" featured the cast wearing "Fortnite"-based Halloween costumes. In "The Big Bang Theory" episode "The Citation Negation", Bernadette attempts to learn how to play "Fortnite Battle Royale" to beat Howard. "Fortnite" also makes an easter egg appearance in the Disney animated film "Ralph Breaks the Internet". The game was also a central focal point in the 2018 YouTube Rewind year retrospective, and included an appearance by the popular "Fortnite" streamer Ninja.
In addition to there being a tie-in LTM for ', "Fortnite" conversely appears in the film, in which it is played by Korg in New Asgard, a village inhabited by Asgardian refugees recuperating from the devastating events of ' and "Avengers: Infinity War".
Past and ongoing concerns.
Parental concerns.
With the release of the mobile version, teachers, parents, and students have found that the game had become popular to younger players due to the free-to-play nature, its cartoonish art style, and its social nature. This carries over into educational institutions, where the game has been seen as a disruptive element within the classroom and affecting students' ability to complete homework assignments. Epic has since added warnings on the game's loading screens to discourage students from playing it during classes. The UK's Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, Matt Hancock, expressed concern at how much time children were playing "Fortnite Battle Royale" and similar video games without a balance of physical exercise and social interactions. Other agencies, including the United States' Center on Media and Child Health and the United Kingdom's National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children have cautioned parents that children may be influenced by the violent behavior due to "Fortnite Battle Royale". Prince Harry, speaking about various influences of social media on children in April 2019, proposed a possible ban on "Fortnite Battle Royale", saying, "The game shouldn't be allowed", and "It's created to addict. An addiction to keep you in front of a computer for as long as possible. It's so irresponsible." A Montreal law firm filed to seek a class-action lawsuit against Epic Games asserting that Epic has known the game is addictive but fail to give this warning to players. A separate class-action suit filed in California in February 2021 asserts that Epic knowingly "misleads and manipulates minors into handing over ever-increasing amounts of real money for virtual things" through its V-bucks system.
At the same time, parents have expressed appreciation for "Fortnite" to have their children engage socially outside of their core groups of friends in a game that is otherwise not excessively violent, or see offering "Fortnite" as a reward for encouraging children to do well in school, offering their children the purchase of V-bucks in exchange for good grades. Some parents see potential in their children becoming skilled in "Fortnite" as to become professional players and compete for part of the large prize pools, creating a market for tutors to help children improve their skills in the game. At the same time, as "Fortnite Battle Royale" became a social hangout for younger players, issues of peer pressure and bullying have been raised. Cosmetic skins are seen as a sign of skill and status, so younger players spend money to get the rarer skins to appear equal with their friends, or may be taunted by other players for not having such skins and using the game's "default" skins. While "Fortnite" has been successful in its monetization scheme, this approach using battle passes and rotating skin availability induces players to continue to spend money in a "Keeping up with the Joneses"-type effect.
Other issues related to children's interest in "Fortnite" have been raised. Several of the security issues raised around the game are heightened with younger players who may not easily recognize such illicit schemes and put themselves at risk to privacy invasion. There is some concern that online child sexual predators would be able to easily make contact with underage players, with at least one documented case from Florida.
Security issues.
"Fortnite"s popularity has drawn a network of hackers since March 2018 that target accounts with lucrative skins and emotes as to resell those accounts to other users. Some of those hackers, speaking anonymously to the BBC, stated they were making thousands of British pounds a week through these actions. Authorities that monitor the dark web have found that "Fortnite Battle Royale" has become a popular way to engage in credit card fraud: criminals with access to stolen credit card information use that to purchase V-bucks on a freshly-made "Fortnite" account when they then sell through services like eBay players at a discount, often preying on children and young adults with these schemes.
Separately, other security experts such as Check Point have found exploits with "Fortnite" and its underlying services that allowed hackers to gain access to some accounts, enabling them to gain personal details, buy V-bucks, and listen in to the account's owner when they use the game's voice chat system. Epic closed a key exploit that enabled this by January 2019. A class-action lawsuit was filed in August 2019 over this breach, acknowledging while Epic did fix the problem, it failed to notified the users that were affected by it.
Epic has taken action against players that have used in-game hacks, like aimbots, to gain a competitive edge when these are discovered. In one notable case, Jarvis Khattri, a member of FaZe Clan, was given a lifetime "Fortnite" ban in November 2019 after he had posted a video which showed how aimbots within "Fortnite" worked, despite having cautioned his viewers to not use aimbots nor providing details of how to acquire the aimbot. The ban was controversial as Khattri had developed his esports career on "Fortnite", and FaZe Clan had started discussions with Epic Games to reduce the ban in context of the video clip.
Dance emotes lawsuits.
The popularity of "Fortnite"s dance emotes, which borrow from dance moves in popular culture, have led the creators of these dances to express concern and take legal action about these moves being sold by Epic, even though the United States Copyright Office had issued statements that individual dance moves are uncopyrightable. These include rapper 2 Milly regarding his "Milly Rock", and actor Donald Faison related to a dance move he used on the TV show "Scrubs". 2 Milly has started taking legal action against Epic with copyright infringement over the "Milly Rock"-based dance emote as well as asserting claims against personality rights under California law. Actor Alfonso Ribeiro filed a similar suit against Epic for their "Fresh" emote dance, which Ribeiro says was directly based on his character Carlton Banks' dance from "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". "Backpack Kid" Russell Horning, whose dance move the Floss was popularized through live performance with Katy Perry, has also initiated legal action against Epic for copyright infringement of his dance. Another lawsuit by the parent of the child that created a popular "Orange Shirt Kid" dance has also filed a lawsuit against Epic on similar grounds; in this case, while the child had submitted the dance for an Epic-run contest for a new "Fortnite" dance emote, he did not win, but fans petitioned Epic to include the dance anyway. The lawsuit challenges that the child was not recognized or compensated for the dance move. BlocBoy JB filed another suit against Epic over his "Shoot" dance move, represented by the in-game "Hype" emote, by late January 2019. Jared Nickens and Jaylen Brantley filed a lawsuit against Epic in February 2019, seeking in damages for Epic's use of their "Running Man" dance.
In at least one of these cases, that from 2 Milly, Epic is seeking the suit to be dismissed claiming that a simple dance move cannot be copyrighted, according to guidance issued by the United States Copyright Office.
In March 2019, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in "Fourth Estate Public Benefit Corp. v. Wall-Street.com", an unrelated case, that a copyright infringement lawsuit cannot commence until the Copyright office registered the copyright. As the Copyright office has refused to register some of these dance emotes as copyrights, four of the six pending suits (2 Milly, Ribeiro, Backpack Kid and Orange Shirt Kid) were withdrawn within a few days. The firm that represented the four cases, Pierce Bainbridge Beck Price &amp; Hect, stated this was merely a procedural withdrawal until they completed the registrations with the Copyright office.
A seventh suit was filed by Leo Pellegrino, a saxophone player known for his dances during his performances. Unlike previous cases, Pellegrino's case accuses Epic Games of misappropriation of his trademarked likeness over an in-game emote that has a player's character dance while playing a saxophone, rather than any specific dance move. A federal district judge ruled in March 2020 that "Fortnite" sufficiently transforms Pellegrino's move from his overall likeness to qualify for First Amendment protections, and summarily ruled against all but one of Pellegrino's other claims. The claim of false endorsement was allowed to remain but still will be reviewed by the courts.
After receiving a complaint from comedian Matt Geiler over a combination of a dance emote and cosmetic skin that he claimed infringe on his character of the "Dancing Pumpkin Man", Epic preemptively filed a request to the courts in December 2019 to rule that their emote and cosmetics do not infringe on Geiler's trademark or copyright.
Since then, Epic had worked with a dance creator to work the dance emote into the game, such as with musician Rick Astley to add a dance based on his song "Never Gonna Give You Up" (commonly associated with rickrolling).
Similar suits have been filed against the same dance moves used in 2K Games' "NBA 2K" games, while the offending dance moves were removed in January 2019 from the game "Forza Horizon 4", though it is unknown if this was due to legal action. In the lawsuit involving Riberio's dance, the Copyright Office had refused to grant Riberio a copyright for the dance, not only because they considered it a "simple dance routine", but also because Riberio had created the dance in context of another copyrighted work, so he would likely be unable to claim ownership.
Apple and Google lawsuits.
On August 13, 2020, Epic announced it was permanently discounting the price of V-bucks across all platforms by 20%, except for those purchased directly through the iOS App Store and Google Play storefronts. For the mobile platforms, Epic created its own purchasing option that allowed players to purchase directly from Epic bypassing Apple and Google. Epic said that they could not offer this discount to those purchasing through Apple or Google's storefronts due to the 30% fee both took from each sale, which was seen by journalists as yet another means to challenge the 30% fee. Later that day, both Apple and Google removed "Fortnite" from their stores, both claiming that the payment system violates the store terms. The removals prevent players from downloading the game but not playing it if they already own it. The game still remained available on the Samsung Galaxy Store for Samsung devices as well as directly from Epic Games via their sideloaded app for all Android devices.
Epic immediately filed a lawsuit against Apple over "unfair and anti-competitive actions", along with releasing a short "Nineteen Eighty-Fortnite" parodying Apple's "1984" advertisement to explain the reasonings for filing the lawsuit. Epic filed a similar lawsuit against Google the same day.
While the game remained playable for users that previously downloaded it, its removal from the iOS App Store left Epic the inability to update the game, which it used to caution players on social media that they will miss out on the upcoming new season starting August 27; Epic also cautioned macOS similarly that they would be unable to update their version as well. Epic was denied a preliminary injunction on August 24, 2020, that would have forced Apple to keep the game on the App Store, thus leaving the game unable to update on iOS. Epic had also believed that Apple was terminating the ability for users with Epic account linked through Apple to log in using their Apple ID by September 11, 2020, but Apple confirmed they would not be disabling this feature. Following the trial in May 2021, the federal judge issued a first ruling in September 2021 that included a permanent injunction against Apple that prevented from blocking developers like Epic from including links to alternative payment systems for apps on the App Store.
The BBC reported in November 2020 that Epic had worked a deal with NVidia as to allow iOS players to play "Fortnite" through the GeForce Now cloud gaming service running within a browser, the method which would bypass the requirement for Epic to require Apple to manage the in-game purchases. The browser-based GeForce Now client for iOS was released by November 19, 2020, with "Fortnite" to be added at a later time.
Other legal issues.
In January 2018, Bluehole's PUBG Corp., the South Korean company behind "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" ("PUBG"), filed a lawsuit against Epic Games, claiming that "Fortnite Battle Royale" was a copyright infringement of "Battlegrounds"; they accused Epic Games of copying "PUBG"s user interface and game items. According to "Korea Times", market observers predicted that there would be little likelihood of Bluehole winning the case, as it would be difficult to establish the originality of "PUBG" in court due to the battle royale game genre, which includes both "PUBG" and "Fortnite Battle Royale", being derived from the 2000 Japanese film "Battle Royale". The case has since closed, with PUBG Corp. dropping the lawsuit in June 2018 under undisclosed reasons.
Epic has taken legal action against persons that have signed non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) in regards to leaking information about upcoming game information. In May 2018, Epic Games filed a lawsuit against quality assurance tester Thomas Hannah after he leaked information regarding Season 4. Hannah, who had joined Epic in December 2017, breached the NDA by sharing details of the Season with Adam DiMarco. DiMarco later shared information in a Reddit post, spoiling the theme of the Season. Epic stated that Hannah "diminished the enjoyment of the people who play, or who watch others play, Fortnite by ruining the suspense that had been building in the Fortnite community in anticipation of upcoming season". Epic also sent FNBRLeaks, a group that datamined the files "Fortnite" to determine new features and events that were likely coming in the near future, a cease &amp; desist letter in December 2018, stating that their reporting of these upcoming features were negatively harming Epic and spoiling the game for the players. FNBRLeaks complied with the terms of the letter. Epic initiated a lawsuit in October 2019 against a "Fortnite" experience tester that leaked details of the Chapter 2 transition days before the event occurred, which included details of the map and mechanics, stating the tester broke confidentiality agreements. Epic filed a second similar lawsuit in November 2019 against a tester out of Keywords Studio in Montreal over similar Chapter 2 leaks that were in breach of the terms of their non-disclosure agreement.
Epic has also taken action against players who have profited by profiting cheats to other players in "Fortnite". These suits include:
The company that oversees the Coral Castle structure in Miami-Dade County, Florida filed a lawsuit against Epic Games in August 2020, on trademark infringement over use of the name "Coral Castle" associated with the location the game introduced in Chapter 2, Season 3. The suit contends that the name along with the nautical theme created confusion with their landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="56819893" url="?curid=56819893" title="Gymnanthemum capense">
Gymnanthemum capense


</doc>
<doc id="56819897" url="?curid=56819897" title="Alan Gertner">
Alan Gertner

Alan Gertner (born 1984) is a Canadian. He is the co-founder and CEO of Tokyo Smoke, a Canadian lifestyle brand that focuses on coffee, clothing and legal cannabis. Gertner who also co-founded Hiku, a Canadian company, is a former Google executive known for his work in the Canadian cannabis industry.
Early life.
Gertner was born in Toronto, Ontario and raised in the Forest Hill neighbourhood by his parents. His father Lorne Gertner is a lifelong entrepreneur who managed a women's apparel manufacturer Mister Leonard. Gertner received a degree in management and business administration from the University of Western Ontario Ivey Business School.
Career.
From 2009 to 2014, Gertner held several executive positions at Google's Mountain View, California and Google Asia Singapore offices. During this tenure, he was a founding member of Google's first Global Business Strategy team in Mountain View, California. In 2015, the company sent him to Ghana to help build an infrastructure for high-speed Internet. During this project, and while on his way to a "voodoo" ceremony in rural Ghana, Gertner had a life-changing conversation with a tour guide who told him: "You either work on something you love, or work because it supports the people you love." This encounter was a defining moment in his career that made him quit his job at Google, take a break and later start Tokyo Smoke in partnership with his father. Gertner now lives in Toronto and is mainly involved in the cannabis industry.
Gertner, a former Google employee, is currently involved in Tokyo Smoke, a retail operation and brand he co-founded in 2015 with his father Lorne Gertner. Gertner (the father) is considered the Godfather of Canadian cannabis and is also the CEO of Hill and Gertner Capital Corp., a Toronto-based merchant bank. Tokyo Smoke has a downtown Toronto coffee shop and store that sells pot paraphernalia and accessories. He is one of the handful entrepreneurs and investors who left lucrative corporate jobs in technology and finance to focus on startups in the marijuana industry. Gertner has expanded the Tokyo Smoke brand locally and internationally with eight stores.
Gertner raised $10 million in capital and led the company's merger with Cannabis Company Limited known as DOJA Cannabis in December 2017. The combined company known as Hiku Brands Company Ltd. is headed by Gertner and houses the cannabis brands of DOJA, Tokyo Smoke, and Van der Pop.

</doc>
<doc id="56819909" url="?curid=56819909" title="Elections to the National Assembly (South Korea)">
Elections to the National Assembly (South Korea)


</doc>
<doc id="56819912" url="?curid=56819912" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Women's 3000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Women's 3000 metres

The women's 3000 metres at the 1996 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 1996 in Harbin, China.

</doc>
<doc id="56819913" url="?curid=56819913" title="Sharjah-Istanbul plane crash">
Sharjah-Istanbul plane crash


</doc>
<doc id="56819915" url="?curid=56819915" title="Boltenia villosa">
Boltenia villosa

Boltenia villosa is a species of tunicate, a marine invertebrate of the family Pyuridae. Common names include the spiny-headed tunicate, the hairy sea squirt, the stalked hairy sea squirt and the bristly tunicate. This species was first described in 1864 by the American marine biologist William Stimpson who gave it the name "Cynthia villosa". It was later transferred to the genus "Boltenia". The type locality is Puget Sound, Washington state, United States.
Description.
A solitary, barrel shaped tunicate, "Boltenia villosa" can grow to a height of about and a width of . It has a small base and is attached to the substrate by a stalk that may be short or long. The tunic is thickly clad with short, bristly, unbranched projections. The siphons, which may be difficult to see, are orange or red, and the tunic is light brown or orangish-red. This tunicate is similar in appearance to "Boltenia echinata", which is found in the northern Atlantic Ocean, but the hair-like processes are more numerous, shorter and lack the radial branches that are present in "B. echinata".
Distribution.
The species is found in the northeastern Pacific Ocean and the Arctic Ocean, at depths from the lower intertidal zone down to about . It is found on both shelly and muddy bottoms.
Ecology.
Various tunicates concentrate the element vanadium in their body tissues, but "B. villosa" does this to a greater extent than most other species. Like other tunicates, it is a suspension feeder, drawing water in through the buccal siphon, extracting planktonic particles and expelling the water and waste through the atrial siphon. It feeds mainly on the larvae of crustaceans and molluscs, and on the eggs of various organisms. Sometimes a small crab or some copepods live symbiotically inside the body cavity. "B. villosa" is preyed on by the Oregon hairy triton ("Fusitriton oregonensis"), the leather star ("Dermasterias imbricata") and the rainbow star ("Orthasterias koehleri").

</doc>
<doc id="56819922" url="?curid=56819922" title="Veterans Memorial Auditorium (Providence)">
Veterans Memorial Auditorium (Providence)


</doc>
<doc id="56819934" url="?curid=56819934" title="Terry Morrall">
Terry Morrall

Terence Stephen "Terry" Morrall (born 24 November 1938) is an English former footballer, who played as a defender. He was a part of the Aston Villa squad which won the Football League Second Division in the 1959–60 season.
Career.
Morrall started his career with Aston Villa, coming up through their youth system. He appeared 3 times in their 1959–60 season where they won the Second Division, and appeared once in the first ever staging of the League Cup in which Aston Villa ultimately became the inaugural champions. However, he left Aston Villa at the end of the 1960–61 season
He would move to Shrewsbury Town, Wrexham and Southport in the league over the next few years, however in 1966 he would move to non-league football with Stourbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="56819949" url="?curid=56819949" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres

The men's 10000 metres at the 1996 Asian Winter Games was held on 9 February 1996 in Harbin, China.

</doc>
<doc id="56819957" url="?curid=56819957" title="Punta Pioppeto Lighthouse">
Punta Pioppeto Lighthouse

Punta Pioppeto Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the northernmost promontory of Procida, Campania on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse was built in 1849 and consisted of 1-storey octagonal base keeper's house, now in a state of completely disuse and devastation, since the last keeper left and the lighthouse was automated. The active lighthouse is a post atop a 1-storey equipment white building, high, located in a higher position. The light is positioned at above sea level and emits three white flashes in a 10 seconds period, visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 2358 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56819967" url="?curid=56819967" title="2018 Turkish plane crash">
2018 Turkish plane crash


</doc>
<doc id="56819969" url="?curid=56819969" title="Disobey">
Disobey

Disobey is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Bad Wolves. The album peaked at number 23 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
The first single, "Toast to the Ghost", was released on November 2, 2017. They are also known for "Zombie", a cover of the 1994 song originally performed by The Cranberries, which was released on January 18, 2018 as the second single. The third single, "Hear Me Now", was released on April 20, 2018. The fourth and final single, "Remember When" was released on June 21, 2018.
Music videos have also been released for "Learn to Live" and "No Masters".
Promotion.
On April 17, 2018, the band announced a co-headlining U.S. tour with From Ashes to New in June, beginning at The Annex in Madison, Wisconsin and finishing in Oklahoma City's Diamond Ballroom. On August 14, they were announced on select October shows as a supporting act on Three Days Grace's fall European tour supporting their sixth album "Outsider", starting at Portsmouth's Pyramids Centre and concluding in Warsaw's Progresja. On October 2, lead singer Tommy Vext was hospitalized during a show in Nottingham after suffering from "a severe viral bronchial infection" that he further explained on his Instagram page. Vext reached out to fellow Eleven Seven label mates As Lions and Bang Bang Romeo to take his band's place on the tour while he recovered.
Critical reception.
Jay H. Gorania of Blabbermouth.net praised the band's musicianship for creating various sounds that aren't retreads of their former respective acts, giving note of their use of simplistic musical conventions to create an approachable yet hard-hitting record, concluding that, "[T]here has been a massive void on the contemporary side of heavy music in recent times. Bad Wolves is poised to move in for the kill." Nicholas Senior of "New Noise" said that despite the album's lengthy runtime, he lauded the band for crafting melodic groove metal tracks that don't dilute their sound to be accessible for mainstream rock radio, concluding that ""Disobey", despite some startlingly political lyrics, have the hooks and riffs that should appeal to rock and metal fans aplenty."
Chart performance.
"Disobey" debuted and peaked at number 23 on the "Billboard" 200 the week of May 26, 2018, before dropping sixty-eight spots to number 91 the week of June 2 and leaving the next week. The album debuted at number 9 in Australia before dropping to number 35 the next week and leaving the chart completely. It did not fare as well in Switzerland, Austria and the UK, entering at numbers 24, 39 and 51 for one week.
Track listing.
The acoustic version of "Truth or Dare" is available only to members of the band's Patreon page.
Personnel.
Adapted credits from the liner notes of "Disobey".

</doc>
<doc id="56819971" url="?curid=56819971" title="Ove Ljung">
Ove Ljung

Lieutenant General Per-Ove Poul Ljung (18 May 1918 – 31 May 1997) was a Swedish Army officer. His senior commands include Chief of the Army Staff and the General Staff Corps, Master-General of the Ordnance, head of the Royal Swedish Army Materiel Administration, military commander of the Eastern Military District (Milo Ö) and Commandant General in Stockholm. Ljung retired from the military in 1974 and then served as Director General of the Defence Materiel Administration from 1974 to 1982.
Career.
Military career.
Ljung was born on 18 May 1918 in Jönköping, Sweden, the son of Per Ljung, an accountant, and his wife Martha (née Jensen). He passed "studentexamen" in 1937 and was commissioned as an officer in 1939. He belonged to an officer course, which, due to the increasingly threatening world political situation, had a dramatic shortening of their education in order to join units and strengthen the Swedish preparedness. Ljung was commissioned into the Jönköping-Kalmar Regiment (I 12) in Eksjö as "fänrik" in 1940 and then attended the Swedish School of Sport and Health Sciences in 1942 and was promoted to lieutenant the same year. During the following years he held alternately troop, staff and teaching positions. Ljung attended the Royal Swedish Army Staff College in 1948 and was promoted to captain the same year. Ljung then served in the General Staff Corps in 1950 and in 1955 he served as captain in the Northern Scanian Infantry Regiment (I 6) in Kristianstad. He was promoted to major in 1957 and served again in the General Staff Corps and as chief of staff of the I Military District in Kristianstad. In 1959 Ljung attended the Swedish National Defence College and in 1960 he was appointed head of the Organization Department of the Army Staff. A year later he was promoted to lieutenant colonel. In 1963 he was promoted to colonel and was appointed head of Section I of the Army Staff.
Ljung was appointed commanding officer of the Life Regiment Grenadiers (I 3) in 1964 and in 1966 he was promoted to major general and appointed Chief of the Army Staff and the General Staff Corps. He was also from 1966 serving as the Master-General of the Ordnance and acting head of the Royal Swedish Army Materiel Administration. Ljung was appointed head of the Army Materiel Administration ("Armématerielförvaltningen", FMV-A) at the Defence Materiel Administration in 1968, a position he held for one year before being appointed military commander of the Eastern Military District (Milo Ö) and Commandant General in Stockholm. Ljung held this post until 1974 when he retired from the military and was appointed Director General of the Defence Materiel Administration. He served as Director General until 1982.
Other work.
Ljung was a member of the board of the Central Federation for Voluntary Military Training ("Centralförbundet för befälsutbildning") and the National Board of the Swedish Women's Voluntary Defence Organization ("Lottaöverstyrelsen"). He was also a member of the Administration Board of the Swedish Armed Forces and the board of the Swedish National Defence Research Institute from 1966 to 1968. Ljung was chairman of the Central Joint Consultation Board of the Swedish Armed Forces ("Försvarets centrala företagsnämnd") from 1968 to 1974 and a member of the board of the Idun Society ("Sällskapet Idun") from 1968 to 1990 and chairman of the same from 1981 to 1990.
Ljugn was a member of the State Administration's Central Cooperation Council for Human Resources ("Statsförvaltningens centrala samarbetsråd för personalfrågor") from 1969 to 1974 and of the Industrial Council of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences from 1974. He was a member of the board of the Home Guard Fund ("Hemvärnsfonden") from 1975 and vice chairman of the National Swedish Board of Economic Defence from 1975 to 1977. Ljung was a member of the board of the County Council's Fund for Technology Procurement and Product Development ("Landstingets fond för teknikupphandling och produktutveckling") from 1982.
Personal life.
In 1942 he married Inga-Maj Sjöholm (born 1918), the daughter of Ture Sjöholm and Gerda (née von Porat). He was the father of Per (born 1943) and Anders (born 1948).

</doc>
<doc id="56819972" url="?curid=56819972" title="Disobey (album)">
Disobey (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56819977" url="?curid=56819977" title="Brawley, Arkansas">
Brawley, Arkansas


</doc>
<doc id="56819979" url="?curid=56819979" title="Nicolás Aguirre (disambiguation)">
Nicolás Aguirre (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56819981" url="?curid=56819981" title="Mitromorpha bella">
Mitromorpha bella

Mitromorpha bella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="56819994" url="?curid=56819994" title="Garfunkels">
Garfunkels


</doc>
<doc id="56819995" url="?curid=56819995" title="List of EuroLeague Women winning coaches">
List of EuroLeague Women winning coaches

The list of EuroLeague Women winning coaches shows all head coaches who won the EuroLeague Women, the top-tier professional basketball club competition in Europe, previously called FIBA Women's European Champions Cup (1958-1996).

</doc>
<doc id="56819996" url="?curid=56819996" title="Table cream">
Table cream


</doc>
<doc id="56820001" url="?curid=56820001" title="Bailey Hornet">
Bailey Hornet

The Bailey Hornet is a British aircraft engine, under development by Bailey Aviation of Royston, Hertfordshire for use in powered paragliders.
The engine was publicly introduced in 2013, but as of 2018 does not appear for sale.
Design and development.
The engine is a twin-cylinder two-stroke, horizontally-opposed, air-cooled, gasoline engine design, with a helical gear mechanical gearbox reduction drive and a centrifugal clutch. It produces and weighs .

</doc>
<doc id="56820003" url="?curid=56820003" title="Banff-Kananaskis">
Banff-Kananaskis

Banff-Kananaskis is a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district is one of 87 districts mandated to return a single member (MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first past the post method of voting. It was contested for the first time in the 2019 Alberta election.
Geography.
The district is located in Alberta's Rocky Mountains and the adjacent foothills west of Calgary. Its largest communities are Banff and Canmore, and it contains the entirety of Banff National Park and Kananaskis Country, for which it is named. Stretching east to Calgary's border, some farming communities are also included, as well as the Treaty 7 communities of the Tsuu T'ina Nation and the Îyârhe Nakoda's Stoney Reserves.
History.
The district was created in 2017 when the Electoral Boundaries Commission recommended moving the city of Cochrane to the new riding of Airdrie-Cochrane, requiring a new name for Banff-Cochrane. The district gained small areas to the south and west from Airdrie, Chestermere-Rocky View and Livingstone-Macleod, including the entirety of Kananaskis Country. The Commission also decided to join the Stoney Reserves and Tsuu T'ina Reserve into the same district for representation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="56820009" url="?curid=56820009" title="Cerro Blanco Protective Forest">
Cerro Blanco Protective Forest


</doc>
<doc id="56820013" url="?curid=56820013" title="Marcella Lindh Jellinek">
Marcella Lindh Jellinek


</doc>
<doc id="56820018" url="?curid=56820018" title="Rose Jacobson Jellinek">
Rose Jacobson Jellinek


</doc>
<doc id="56820024" url="?curid=56820024" title="William Wilkins (U.S. politician)">
William Wilkins (U.S. politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56820030" url="?curid=56820030" title="William A. Wilkins">
William A. Wilkins


</doc>
<doc id="56820035" url="?curid=56820035" title="Phallusia fumigata">
Phallusia fumigata

Phallusia fumigata is a tunicate species of marine invertebrate in the genus "Phallusia" of the family Styelidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56820041" url="?curid=56820041" title="Mitromorpha jaguaensis">
Mitromorpha jaguaensis

Mitromorpha jaguaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="56820050" url="?curid=56820050" title="Michael Mazourek">
Michael Mazourek

Michael R Mazourek is a plant breeder and associate professor at Cornell University notable for developing the honeynut squash, a cultivar of a cross first developed by Cornell University plant breeder Richard W. Robinson, creating the Habanada, and Row 7, a seed company co-founded with Dan Barber of Blue Hill and Matthew Goldfarb.

</doc>
<doc id="56820051" url="?curid=56820051" title="Elevation crater">
Elevation crater

The elevation crater theory started in the 18th and 19th centuries and was an attempt to explain the origin of mountains and orogens. This now discarded theory held that mountains formed by vertical movements associated with volcanism. 
The idea held that magma and volcanic activity formed mountains was expressed as early as 1777 by Peter Simon Pallas, who claimed the Urals and Altai Mountains had formed that way. Pallas based his ideas by an granitic central axis that he had observed in those mountains. The theory was revived and elaborated further by Leopold von Buch in the 19th century. Observations supporting this view were also given by Alexander von Humboldt in his book "Kosmos". 
Humbold and Buch considered basaltic volcanism to be linked to elevation craters and trachyte to be the product of "true volcanoes". Otto Wilhelm Hermann von Abich applied the theory to the Caucasus Mountains and, following the views of Buch and Humboldt, linked mountain building to volcanism, which led him to take interest in the volcanoes of the Caucasus in the area. 
The geologist Bernhard Studer refined the idea further. Working in the Alps, he considered the mountains to be roughly symmetrical with a "Mittelzone" containing the igneous rocks that he believed had uplifted the Alps. The rocks were grouped in twelve "Centralmassen". To the north and the south of the "Mittelzone" were two equivalent marginal zones: "Nörliche Nebenzone" and "Südliche Nebenzone". The theory, as posited by Studer, was popular among geologists in Switzerland and nearby areas until the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="56820054" url="?curid=56820054" title="Light cream">
Light cream


</doc>
<doc id="56820057" url="?curid=56820057" title="Mitromorpha sanctaluciaensis">
Mitromorpha sanctaluciaensis

Mitromorpha sanctaluciaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitromorphidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="56820067" url="?curid=56820067" title="Abdastartus (bug)">
Abdastartus (bug)

Abdastartus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about five described species in "Abdastartus".
Species.
These five species belong to the genus "Abdastartus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820070" url="?curid=56820070" title="Emlyn Garner Evans">
Emlyn Garner Evans


</doc>
<doc id="56820075" url="?curid=56820075" title="Psalmen Davids (1628)">
Psalmen Davids (1628)


</doc>
<doc id="56820078" url="?curid=56820078" title="Aidoneus (bug)">
Aidoneus (bug)

Aidoneus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There is at least one described species in "Aidoneus", "A. dissimilis".

</doc>
<doc id="56820081" url="?curid=56820081" title="Ammianus (bug)">
Ammianus (bug)

Ammianus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least 40 described species in "Ammianus".
Species.
These 41 species belong to the genus "Ammianus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820089" url="?curid=56820089" title="Belenus (bug)">
Belenus (bug)

Belenus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about nine described species in "Belenus".
Species.
These nine species belong to the genus "Belenus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820093" url="?curid=56820093" title="Bunia (bug)">
Bunia (bug)

Bunia is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about six described species in "Bunia".
Species.
These six species belong to the genus "Bunia":

</doc>
<doc id="56820097" url="?curid=56820097" title="Fred W. Harris">
Fred W. Harris


</doc>
<doc id="56820100" url="?curid=56820100" title="Copium (bug)">
Copium (bug)

Copium is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about 12 described species in "Copium".
Species.
These 12 species belong to the genus "Copium":

</doc>
<doc id="56820102" url="?curid=56820102" title="Raut (surname)">
Raut (surname)


</doc>
<doc id="56820103" url="?curid=56820103" title="Grace Davie">
Grace Davie

Grace Riestra Claire Davie (born 1946) is a British sociologist who serves as professor emeritus of sociology at the University of Exeter. She is the author of the book "Religion in Britain Since 1945: Believing Without Belonging".
Background.
Born on 2 September 1946, Davie's research interests lie in the sociology of religion. In her book "Religion in Britain Since 1945," she coined the phrase "believing without belonging" to describe religiosity and secularization in Britain. This is the argument that although church attendance has decreased, people may still think of themselves as religious on an individual level.
With this and other works, Davie entered the international ongoing debate on secularization, after Rodney Stark and other American scholars had observed that quantitative data about the United States did not confirm the theory defended in Europe by Karel Dobbelaere and Steve Bruce, implying that modernization necessarily causes a decline of religion. European defenders of secularization theories suggested that an "American exceptionalism" explained why a generally valid hypothesis did not apply to the United States, due to some unique circumstances prevailing there. Davie reversed this theory, and suggested the existence of a "European exceptionalism", explaining why classic secularization theories are valid in Europe but cannot be verified in the rest of the world.
To explain European exceptionalism, Davie introduced yet another new concept, "vicarious religion", meaning that modern Europeans are happy to "delegate" to a minority of active believers participation in regular church activities, something they approve of but are no longer ready to engage in. This theory was also criticized by those who adhere to classic theories of secularization, who claimed that a generalized sympathy for the religious minority among the non-religious majority cannot be unequivocally demonstrated.
Career.
Davie has written several works during her career, including Religion in Britain since 1945 (1994), Religion in Modern Europe (2000), Europe: the Exceptional Case (2002), The Sociology of Religion (2013) and Religion in Britain: A Persistent Paradox (2015).
Davie has an undergraduate degree in Sociology from the University of Exeter, and a PhD from the London School of Economics. From 2000 to 2001 she was the Kerstin-Hesselgren Professor at the University of Uppsala in Sweden. She was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Theology from the University of Uppsala in 2008.
Davie is Past-President of the Association for the Sociology of Religion (2003) and the International Sociological Association RC22 Sociology of Religion Board (2002-2006).
Davie is a participating researcher in The Impact of Religion: Challenges for Society, Law and Democracy (IMPACT), a multidisciplinary research programme at Uppsala University, in the research area Religious and Social Change.
Davie is a lay canon of the Church of England Diocese in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="56820112" url="?curid=56820112" title="Eteoneus (bug)">
Eteoneus (bug)

Eteoneus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least 20 described species in "Eteoneus".
Species.
These 23 species belong to the genus "Eteoneus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820119" url="?curid=56820119" title="Haedus (bug)">
Haedus (bug)

Haedus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least 30 described species in "Haedus".
Species.
These 32 species belong to the genus "Haedus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820122" url="?curid=56820122" title="Sophie Hélène Beatrix">
Sophie Hélène Beatrix


</doc>
<doc id="56820128" url="?curid=56820128" title="Ildefonsus (bug)">
Ildefonsus (bug)

Ildefonsus is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about six described species in "Ildefonsus".
Species.
These six species belong to the genus "Ildefonsus":

</doc>
<doc id="56820134" url="?curid=56820134" title="Kalama (genus)">
Kalama (genus)

Kalama is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least 30 described species in "Kalama".
Species.
These 33 species belong to the genus "Kalama":

</doc>
<doc id="56820140" url="?curid=56820140" title="Lullius (bug)">
Lullius (bug)

Lullius is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about eight described species in "Lullius".
Species.
These eight species belong to the genus "Lullius":

</doc>
<doc id="56820144" url="?curid=56820144" title="Mafa (bug)">
Mafa (bug)

Mafa is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about five described species in "Mafa".
Species.
These five species belong to the genus "Mafa":

</doc>
<doc id="56820149" url="?curid=56820149" title="Mummius (bug)">
Mummius (bug)

Mummius is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least three described species in "Mummius".
Species.
These three species belong to the genus "Mummius":

</doc>
<doc id="56820151" url="?curid=56820151" title="Ciona robusta">
Ciona robusta

Ciona robusta is a species of marine invertebrate in the genus "Ciona" of the family Cionidae. The holotype was collected on the northeastern coast of Honshu Island, Japan. Populations of "Ciona intestinalis" known as "Ciona intestinalis" type A found in the Mediterranean Sea, the Pacific Ocean, West coast of North America, and the Atlantic coasts of South Africa have been shown to be "Ciona robusta".
"Ciona robusta" is a delineation of "C. Intestinalis." In the early 2000s, molecular research concluded that "C. intestinalis" was composed of four distinct lineages named type A, B, C and D. "Conia intestinalis type A" was later reclassified as "C. robusta". It was not until 2015 that the four different classifications of "C. intestinalis" were accepted into the scientific community, and thus reported on.

</doc>
<doc id="56820155" url="?curid=56820155" title="Sinuessa (bug)">
Sinuessa (bug)

Sinuessa is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about eight described species in "Sinuessa".
Species.
These eight species belong to the genus "Sinuessa":

</doc>
<doc id="56820159" url="?curid=56820159" title="Tigava (bug)">
Tigava (bug)

Tigava is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are about 15 described species in "Tigava".
Species.
These 15 species belong to the genus "Tigava":

</doc>
<doc id="56820162" url="?curid=56820162" title="Azza Sultan Al-Qasimi">
Azza Sultan Al-Qasimi

Sheikha Azza bint Sultan Al Qasimi (; born 1973) is an Emirati artist and businesswoman.
Biography.
Sheikha Azza Sultan Al-Qasimi is the daughter of Sultan bin Muhammad Al-Qasimi, the sovereign ruler of the Emirate of Sharjah. She was educated in Dubai and at St Anthony's College, Oxford. She has joined in group exhibitions in United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Egypt, China and the United Kingdom. Her first solo exhibition was at the University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="56820167" url="?curid=56820167" title="Tingis (bug)">
Tingis (bug)

Tingis is a genus of lace bugs in the family Tingidae. There are at least 130 described species in "Tingis".

</doc>
<doc id="56820170" url="?curid=56820170" title="Sheikha Azza Bint Sultan Al-Qasimi">
Sheikha Azza Bint Sultan Al-Qasimi


</doc>
<doc id="56820173" url="?curid=56820173" title="The Blackout Crew">
The Blackout Crew


</doc>
<doc id="56820175" url="?curid=56820175" title="List of Tingis species">
List of Tingis species

This is a list of 137 species in the genus "Tingis".

</doc>
<doc id="56820176" url="?curid=56820176" title="Azza Bint Sultan Al-Qasimi">
Azza Bint Sultan Al-Qasimi


</doc>
<doc id="56820196" url="?curid=56820196" title="Sinking of the Mogoșoaia">
Sinking of the Mogoșoaia

The Mogoșoaia was a Romanian ferry which sank due to a collision with a push barge convoy on 10 September 1989. Of the 255 people on board only 16 survived. The incident happened when the "Mogoșoaia" was sailing across the Danube from Galați to Grindu in thick fog. The ship was carrying food and iron.

</doc>
<doc id="56820211" url="?curid=56820211" title="Thomas Williams (British politician)">
Thomas Williams (British politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56820219" url="?curid=56820219" title="Sheikha Azza Sultan Al-Qasimi">
Sheikha Azza Sultan Al-Qasimi


</doc>
<doc id="56820228" url="?curid=56820228" title="Hegura-jima">
Hegura-jima


</doc>
<doc id="56820230" url="?curid=56820230" title="Shaikha Azza">
Shaikha Azza


</doc>
<doc id="56820238" url="?curid=56820238" title="Azza Al-Qasimi">
Azza Al-Qasimi


</doc>
<doc id="56820245" url="?curid=56820245" title="9-Fluorenylidene">
9-Fluorenylidene


</doc>
<doc id="56820246" url="?curid=56820246" title="Gerald Wellington Williams">
Gerald Wellington Williams


</doc>
<doc id="56820249" url="?curid=56820249" title="9-fluorenylidene">
9-fluorenylidene


</doc>
<doc id="56820250" url="?curid=56820250" title="Sheikha Lubna Khalid Al Qasimi">
Sheikha Lubna Khalid Al Qasimi


</doc>
<doc id="56820252" url="?curid=56820252" title="2018 CWL Pro League">
2018 CWL Pro League

The 2018 CWL Pro League was a "" tournament on PlayStation 4 that occurred on January 23-July 29, 2018.
Format.
The 2018 CWL Global Pro League consisted of 2 Stages, with 16 teams from North America, Europe and the APAC region participating. The 16 teams were split into 2 different Divisions with the top 4 teams from each Division advancing to playoffs. The top 6 teams from each pool advanced to Stage 2, while the bottom 2 teams from each Division have to go to the relegation playoffs.
Stage 1.
A total of $700,000 prize money will be given out during Stage 1. All 16 teams will receive $12,500 for participating while the 8 teams which qualified for playoffs will play for another $500,000.
Division A.
Week 1 of Division A took place from January 23, 2018 until February 1, 2018 with week 2 taking place from February 20, 2018 until March 1, 2018.
Division B.
Week 1 of Division B took place from February 6, 2018 until February 15, 2018 with week 2 taking place from March 14, 2018 until March 22, 2018.
Relegation.
The 4 bottom teams from Stage 1 participated in the relegation tournament against 4 other teams in a double-elimination bracket for the final 4 spots in Stage 2.
Participating teams:
Roster Changes.
Teams which placed among the bottom 2 teams in their Division during Stage 1 have until 6pm ET on April 13, 2018 to submit a roster and were allowed to replace 2 players.
Final standings.
The top 4 teams qualified for Stage 2 of the 2018 CWL Pro League.
Stage 2.
AA total of $700,000 prize money will be given out during Stage 2. All 16 teams will receive $12,500 for participating while the 8 teams which qualified for playoffs will play for another $500,000. The top 6 teams from all Stage 1 groups and the 4 teams which qualified via the relegation tournament participated in Stage 2. All 16 teams also qualified for the 2018 Call of Duty Championship.
Participating teams:
Roster Changes.
Teams which placed among the top 6 teams in their Division during Stage 1 have until 6pm ET on May 7, 2018 to submit a roster and were allowed to replace 2 players. Teams which placed among the bottom 2 teams in their Division during Stage 1 have until 6pm ET on April 13, 2018 to submit a roster and were allowed to replace 2 players.

</doc>
<doc id="56820256" url="?curid=56820256" title="1968–69 FK Partizan season">
1968–69 FK Partizan season

The 1968–69 season was the 23rd season in FK Partizan's existence. This article shows player statistics and matches that the club played during the 1968–69 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56820258" url="?curid=56820258" title="Lydia Mugambe">
Lydia Mugambe

Lydia Mugambe, is the new Inspector General of Government (IGG), a Ugandan lawyer who served as judge at the High Court of Uganda between May 2013 and September 2020. She was appointed to the High Court by President Yoweri Museveni, on 3 May 2013. Lady Justice Mugambe Ssali was subsequently appointed by President Museveni as Inspector General of Government on 18th September 2020
Background and education.
She graduated from the Faculty of Law of Makerere University, Uganda's largest and oldest public university, with a Bachelor of Laws. The following year, she was awarded a Diploma in Legal Practice by the Law Development Centre, in Kampala, Uganda's capital city. She also holds a Master of Laws from the University of Pretoria in South Africa.
Career.
Prior to her appointment to the High Court, Mugambe served as a Magistrate in Uganda's lower courts. She was appointed to the High Court of Uganda on 15 May 2013. She is assigned to the Civil Division of the court.
In January 2017, Justice Mugambe delivered a judgement against Mulago National Referral Hospital, which had been sued by "Jennifer Musimenta" and her husband "Micheal Mubangaizi", for the disappearance of their newborn baby. The judge found the hospital culpable of negligence. Mugambe also awarded the couple USh85 million (approximately US$24,000) in damages.
The ruling is hailed by legal observers and non-profit organisations in Uganda, as a watershed judgment, towards the recognition of "the rights of poor, vulnerable and marginalized women". The ruling was nominated for the "Center for Health, Human Rights and Development (CEHURD)", award in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56820281" url="?curid=56820281" title="John Watt Senter">
John Watt Senter


</doc>
<doc id="56820297" url="?curid=56820297" title="1930 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1930 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1930 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the third edition of the women's doubles championship.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Magda Gál and Márta Komáromi in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56820316" url="?curid=56820316" title="Virginia Beach City FC (women)">
Virginia Beach City FC (women)

Virginia Beach City Football Club (Women) is an American semi-professional women's soccer club based in Norfolk, Virginia playing in the Women's Premier Soccer League (WPSL) in the Colonial Conference of the East Region.
It held its inaugural season in 2015. The Women's club has been put on hiatus since 2019.
Stadium.
The team plays at the Virginia Beach Sportsplex which is a soccer-specific stadium built in 1999 and seats 6,000. It was the first soccer-specific stadiums built in the U.S.
Year by Year.
Source 
Jersey Sponsors.
On February 21, 2018, Virginia Beach City FC and Adidas announced an extension to their long-term partnership through 2021 making Adidas the official supplier for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="56820329" url="?curid=56820329" title="Caroline Maria Noel">
Caroline Maria Noel

Caroline Maria Noel (1817–1877) was an English hymnographer.
Life.
Noel was born on 10 April 1817 into an aristocratic family, daughter to Church of England cleric Gerard Thomas Noel and Charlotte Sophia, and was the niece of aristocratic clergyman Baptist Wriothesley Noel. She had 5 sisters; Anna Sophia, Louisa Diana, Charlotte, Emma and Elizabeth. She started to write poems aged 17, but ceased to do so for many years afterwards. In the last 25 years of her life she was struck down by crippling illness which left her bedridden. Due to this illness, Noel returned to writing poems and published a collection of verses in 1870 called "The Name of Jesus". She died at 39 Cumberland Place, Hyde Park, London, on 7 December 1877 aged 60. She was buried at Romsey Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="56820344" url="?curid=56820344" title="Bailey V5 engine">
Bailey V5 engine

The Bailey V5 is a British aircraft engine, designed and produced by Bailey Aviation of Royston, Hertfordshire for use in powered paragliders, in particular the Bailey V5 paramotor.
Design and development.
The engine is a single-cylinder four-stroke, displacement, air and oil-cooled, gasoline engine design, with a poly V belt reduction drive with reduction ratio of 3.2:1. It employs capacitor discharge ignition and produces at 8200 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="56820353" url="?curid=56820353" title="Volodymyr Ivanovych Savchenko">
Volodymyr Ivanovych Savchenko


</doc>
<doc id="56820358" url="?curid=56820358" title="Volodymyr Mykolayovych Savchenko">
Volodymyr Mykolayovych Savchenko


</doc>
<doc id="56820365" url="?curid=56820365" title="Thuraya al Baqsami">
Thuraya al Baqsami


</doc>
<doc id="56820366" url="?curid=56820366" title="Patricia Laura Te Waikapoata Hond">
Patricia Laura Te Waikapoata Hond


</doc>
<doc id="56820369" url="?curid=56820369" title="Dahetang Subdistrict">
Dahetang Subdistrict

Dahetang () is a subdistrict and the seat of Shaodong County in Hunan, China. It was one of three subdistrcits established in 2010, when the former "Liangshi Town" () was divided into three subdistricts, it ceased to be a separate town. The Subdistrict was reorganized through the amalgamation of "Huangpoqiao Township" () and the former "Dahetang Subdistrict" on December 2, 2015. 
It is located in the central Shaodong County, the subdistrict is bordered by "Heitianpu" (), "Lianqiao" () and "Niumasi" () towns to the north, "Liuze Town" () to the east, "Zhouguanqiao Township" () and "Liangshitang Subdistrict" () to the south, "Songjiaping Subdistrict" () to the west. The subdistrict has an area of with a population of 106,100 (as of 2015). Dahetang was divided into 38 villages and 12 communities in 2015. Its seat is "Huangpoqiao Village" ().

</doc>
<doc id="56820371" url="?curid=56820371" title="Holly Hotel">
Holly Hotel

The Holly Hotel, also known as the Hirst Hotel, is an inn located at 110 Battle Alley in Holly, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It currently operates as a restaurant.
History.
The Hirst Hotel was built in 1891 by John Hirst to cater to the flow of railroad passengers passing through Holly. Having the largest and finest dining room in the area, the hotel rapidly became the social center of the surrounding community. The hotel itself was one of the best in the area, and attracted guests such as Michigan Governors Thomas E. Dewey and G. Mennen Williams and temperance crusader Carrie Nation.
In 1912, businessman Joseph P. Allen bought the building. In 1913, the hotel suffered a disastrous fire, completely destroying the second and third floors. Allen rebuilt the structure, but in a somewhat more modest style, with a shorter tower, plainer second floor fenestration, and plainer porches. The hotel reopened as the Allendorf in late 1913. In 1913, Henry Norton purchased the building, redecorated it, and renamed it the Hotel Norton. However, as the passenger train traffic dwindled and finally stopped, the hotel became less desirable, and the building eventually became just a local restaurant.
In 1978, the hotel suffered another disastrous fire. Local resident Dr. Leslie Sher purchased the building and began restoring it, rebuilding the roof and tower to the original 1891 design. The building was reopened in 1979 as a restaurant. Every state governor since that time has dined at the Holly Hotel, as well as President George H. W. Bush during his 1992 campaign.
Description.
The Holly Hotel is a 2-1/2 story rectangular red brick Queen Anne structure with a hip roof, measuring about 50 feet wide by 75 feet long. A three-story, helmet-domed, octagonal corner tower is located between two primary facades. The longer facade facing Battle Alley is asymmetrical, containing a columned porch sheltering a pair of entry doors flanked by single windows on one side and two, large, tripartite windows under broad segmental arches on the other. The second floor has plain, one-over-one sash openings. Two large gabled dormers covered with shingling are located low on the steeply pitched hip roof.
The narrower elevation facing Broad Street is symmetrical, with a central entrance topped with a small-paned transom and flanked by segmentally arched, tripartite windows of the same type as those on the Battle Alley elevation. A small porch shelters the entrance. On the second floor are three one-over-one sash windows. A tall gable above contains three, closely spaced, plain, one-over-one, sash windows.

</doc>
<doc id="56820374" url="?curid=56820374" title="Kathleen Frances Daly Pepper">
Kathleen Frances Daly Pepper


</doc>
<doc id="56820377" url="?curid=56820377" title="Baseball Punx">
Baseball Punx

Baseball Punx is a short American documentary about the intersection of baseball and punk rock directed by Jak Kerley.
Outline.
"Baseball Punx" was shot over a two-year period, primarily by Jak Kerley with a very small crew. The film begins by comparing similarities and differences between punk rock and baseball, then continues to dig in on the political influence they have over their respective fan bases.
Appearances.
The following people appear in the documentary.
Reception.
"Baseball Punx" was taken on tour for a series on screenings at a variety of venues, with its first premiere being in New Zealand, and tours continuing to Australia, and most of the United States.
By the time the touring was complete, it had picked up considerable international media attention, which resulted in it being premiered on ESPN one day before its expected release date.

</doc>
<doc id="56820385" url="?curid=56820385" title="Lamb Homestead">
Lamb Homestead

The Lamb Homestead is a historic farm property at 47 Lambtown Road in Ledyard, Connecticut. Developed since the early 18th century, it is one of the town's oldest farms, with a long association with the Lamb family, early settlers and important in the development of the Lambtown area of the community. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Description and history.
The Lamb Homestead is located in a rural area of southern Ledyard, on Lambtown Road east of Center Groton Road (Connecticut Route 117). The property now consists of about , most of which is south of the road, with the farmhouse on the north side and a barn on the south side. The house is of great antiquity, dated according to family lore to about 1711. It is a 2-1/2 story timber framed structure, with a side gable roof, central brick chimney, and clapboarded exterior. Its main facade is five bays wide, with a center entrance framed by Federal period pilasters and corniced entablature. Second story windows are set butted against the eave, a typical early-to-mid 18th century placement. The interior retains many 18th-century features, including wide floor boards of oak, pine, and chestnut, a large fireplace hearth in the kitchen, and several doors with original handwrought strap hinges. The house is accompanied by a modern garage and shed. The barn across the street appears to date to about 1900.
The property was, according to family history, settled about 1714 by Isaac Lamb, who had previously owned property in nearby Mystic. The family traditionally gives this date as that for construction of the house, even though many of its finishing features are of later 18th century styles. A house was documented to stand here in 1731, when Lamb's sons divided the property. The Lambs were prominent in the establishment of the Baptist congregation of Groton, the first of that sect in the state, and maintained association with the congregation well into the 19th century. At the time the property (reduced from a maximum of over ) was listed on the National Register in 1991, it was still held by the Lamb family.

</doc>
<doc id="56820389" url="?curid=56820389" title="Ekushey Padak in Economy">
Ekushey Padak in Economy


</doc>
<doc id="56820398" url="?curid=56820398" title="Jananne al Ani">
Jananne al Ani


</doc>
<doc id="56820416" url="?curid=56820416" title="1931 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1931 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1931 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the fourth edition of the women's doubles championship.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Magda Gál and Lili Tiszai in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56820419" url="?curid=56820419" title="Brooks-Medicine Hat">
Brooks-Medicine Hat

Brooks-Medicine Hat is a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district is one of 87 districts mandated to return a single member (MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first past the post method of voting. It was contested for the first time in the 2019 Alberta election.
Geography.
The district is located in southeastern Alberta, containing the entirety of Newell County and the northern portions of Cypress County and Medicine Hat. It is named for its two largest communities, Medicine Hat and Brooks, and also contains CFB Suffield. Within the city of Medicine Hat, its border with Cypress-Medicine Hat runs southeast along Highway 1, then northeast along Highway 41A until the railroad tracks, then east along the South Saskatchewan River.
History.
The district was created in 2017 when the Electoral Boundaries Commission endeavoured to reduce the number of ridings in southern Alberta, owing to slow population growth in the region. The district was created from the eastern half of Strathmore-Brooks, the northern third of Cypress-Medicine Hat, and some of the northern neighbourhoods previously part of Medicine Hat.

</doc>
<doc id="56820422" url="?curid=56820422" title="Michael R Mazourek">
Michael R Mazourek


</doc>
<doc id="56820431" url="?curid=56820431" title="Aufsess (river)">
Aufsess (river)


</doc>
<doc id="56820440" url="?curid=56820440" title="La bouche">
La bouche


</doc>
<doc id="56820447" url="?curid=56820447" title="Taragarh Fort">
Taragarh Fort

Taragarh Fort may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56820482" url="?curid=56820482" title="The Great Swindle (novel)">
The Great Swindle (novel)

The Great Swindle (original title: "Au revoir là-haut") is a 2013 novel by Pierre Lemaitre set in France in the aftermath of the First World War. It was published in French in 2013 by Albin Michel under its original title, and subsequently released in an English translation by Frank Wynne in 2015 by MacLehose Press. It won several notable awards, such as the Prix Goncourt, and was adapted into a 2017 film of the same name. It is the first of three planned novels of Lemaitre spanning the interwar period. The second novel in the series, "Couleurs de l'incendie", was published in January 2018.
The film "See You Up There" (2017) is based on the novel.
Synopsis.
In the final days of the First World War, Lieutenant Henri d'Aulnay Pradelle purposely kills two of his subordinates to incite the rest of the troops under his command. Two witnesses, Albert Maillard and Édouard Péricourt, survive the assault on the Germans, though Péricourt is severely injured. Pradelle, Maillard and Péricourt struggle to adjust to civilian life after the war ends. Péricourt and Maillard decide to take revenge on a society that appears to have more sympathy for its war dead than its war wounded by mounting a scheme to sell monuments to invented war heroes. Meanwhile, Pradelle has devised his own fraudulent scheme, and is involved with Péricourt's sister, Madeleine.

</doc>
<doc id="56820483" url="?curid=56820483" title="Antonia La Negra">
Antonia La Negra

Antonia "La Negra", artistic name of Antonia Rodríguez Moreno (1935/1936 – 7 March 2018), was a Spanish Gitana cantaora and bailaora (flamenco dancer). Wife of the bailaor Juan Montoya, mother of the singer Lole Montoya, of the duet Lole y Manuel, and grandmother of the singer Alba Molina.
Biography.
Daughter of a Jerez-born mother and Seville-born father, her parents emigrated to French Algeria, where Antonia was born. She later moved with her family to Tangier, Spanish Protectorate of Morocco, learning to speak Arabic fluently.
Aged 10 or 12, she moved with her family to her father's native Triana, Seville. At age 16, she wed a cousin, bailaor Juan Montoya. Some time later, with her brothers-in-law and a niece, Carmelilla, she formed "La Familia Montoya" in the 1970s, which successfully presented the most intimate and spontaneous facets of flamenco. Her art was reflected in "Triana" (1976), "En familia" (1978), "Macama jonda" (1983), "El ángel" (1993) and "Un gitano de ley" (1997). She participated in two audiovisual summits of flamenco: "El ángel" and "Rito y geografía del cante". La Negra has been one of the main figures of cante jondo, excelling her talent in palos such as flamenco tango and bulería.

</doc>
<doc id="56820487" url="?curid=56820487" title="Monasteries and Churchs at Mount Olympus">
Monasteries and Churchs at Mount Olympus


</doc>
<doc id="56820488" url="?curid=56820488" title="Wards Island Water Pollution Control Plant">
Wards Island Water Pollution Control Plant


</doc>
<doc id="56820499" url="?curid=56820499" title="Mad studies">
Mad studies

Mad studies is a field of scholarship, theory, and activism about the lived experiences, history, cultures, and politics about people who may identify as mad, mentally ill, psychiatric survivors, consumers, service users, patients, neurodiverse, and disabled. Mad studies originated from consumer/survivor movements organized in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, and in other parts of the world. The methods for inquiry draw from a number of academic disciplines such as women's studies, critical race studies, indigenous epistemologies, queer studies, psychological anthropology, and ethnography. This field shares theoretical similarities to critical disability studies, psychopolitics, and critical social theory. The academic movement formed, in part, as a response to recovery movements, which many mad studies scholars see as being "co-opted" by mental health systems. In 2021 the first academic journal of Mad Studies, The International Journal of Mad Studies was launched.
Origins and scope.
Richard A. Ingram, a senior research fellow in the School of Disability Studies at Ryerson University (2007), has been credited with coining the phrase "Mad Studies" at the First Regional Graduate/Undergraduate Student Disability Studies Conference at Syracuse University on May 3, 2008. In an academic article entitled "Doing Mad Studies: Making (Non)sense Together," Ingram points to a number of theorists who created the intellectual groundwork for the field, including Nietzsche, Bataille, Blanchot, Deleuze, and Guattari.
In a 2014 "Guardian" article, Peter Beresford names Canadian scholars at the forefront of this academic field: "Mad studies has been pioneered by Ryerson and York Universities in Toronto, with key figures such as mental health survivors, activists and educators David Reville and Geoffrey Reaume and academics Kathryn Church and Brenda LeFrancois." Journalist Alex Gillis summarizes the spread of mad studies programs in a November 2015 article: "Soon after Ryerson and York launched mad studies courses in the early 2000s, similar courses began in Simon Fraser University’s department of sociology and anthropology, and more recently at Memorial University’s school of social work, Queen’s University’s school of kinesiology and health studies, and the history departments at Trent University and the University of Winnipeg. A few universities in England, Scotland and the Netherlands launched courses in the past two years, using Canadian courses as models."
Some dimensions of this emerging field may include research on the "social construction of 'mental illness, normalizing imperatives of the state and medicine, rapidly expanding nosologies (categories of pathology) for mental illness, collusion(s) of pharmaceutical corporations and professional associations within psychiatry, connections between ecocide and mental stress, psychiatrization of nonhuman animals, representation(s) of madness in media, history of consumer/survivor movement(s), and the rise and fall of mental treatments within scientific, medical, and lay communities."

</doc>
<doc id="56820503" url="?curid=56820503" title="Liwagao Island">
Liwagao Island

Liwagao Island, also known as Libago Island or Libagao Island, is an island located southeast off the coast of Mindoro and northwest off Panay. The island is a disputed feature between the towns of Bulalacao, Oriental Mindoro and Caluya, Antique with the latter exercising "de facto" administration over the island.
Background.
The island has an area of . It is currently under the administration of the municipality of Caluya in Antique. It is administered by the municipality as part of Barangay Sibolo.
In 1919, its elevation was recorded at , and at this time it was noted that the island had a few inhabitants, was "covered with low, dark scrubby trees" and was "fringed by reefs." At this time it was noted that three summits exist on the eastern area of the island and that the island's western area is "a low, flat sandy point."
Dispute.
Bulalacao claim.
Presidential Decree No. 1801 issued by then President Ferdinand Marcos on November 10, 1978 which declared select islands, coves, and peninsulas in the Philippines as tourist zones and marine reserves under the management of the Philippine Tourism Authority names Liwagao Island as part of Bulalacao town of Oriental Mindoro. The provincial government of Oriental Mindoro cites this decree as proof of Bulalacao's jurisdiction over the island which it considers as part of Maasin, one of the town's barangays.
The Oriental Mindoro provincial board sought to resolve its claims over Liwagao Island by engaging in talks with their counterparts in Antique. The Antique provincial board issued a resolution on May 25, 2012 stating that it is not amenable "to any form of settlement on the alleged dispute" involving the island. Oriental Mindoro officials filed a petition before the Regional Trial Court in Roxas, Capiz on September 12, 2012. Occidental Mindoro officials cites affidavits submitted by residents of Liwagao on August 2012 who expressed desire that their island be under the jurisdiction of Bulalacao and an affidavit submitted also on August by Oscar Lim, former mayor of Caluya testifying of making a "verbal agreement" in 1978 or 1979 with then-Bulalacao mayor Dolores Bago of "temporarily borrowing" Liwagao until the end of his term to pursue fugitives escaping from Caluya authorities. Lim said hed had returned Liwagao to Bulalacao under Bago's successor and brother, Guillermo Salas.
The island due to its beaches is planned to be developed for tourism by the officials of Bulalacao and Oriental Mindoro.
Caluya claim.
Resolution No. 142-2012 of the Provincial Board of Antique expressed Antique province's position in the dispute. It asserts that Liwagao is within its territorial jurisdiction citing an original certificate of title 42891 issued by the Register of Deeds to Joaquin Lim which identified the contested island as part of Barangay Sibolo of the town of Caluya. It also cites the records of the Commission on Election which contains names of Liwagao residents who are registered as voters of Sibolo as well as elected barangay officials from the locality that are residents of the island. It also points out that a map by the National Mapping and Resource Information Authority displays the island as geographically part of Antique.

</doc>
<doc id="56820507" url="?curid=56820507" title="First Dynasty of Egypt family tree">
First Dynasty of Egypt family tree

Family tree of the First Dynasty of Egypt, ruling ancient Egypt in the 32nd century BCE to the 30th century BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="56820515" url="?curid=56820515" title="Métro (Canadian newspaper)">
Métro (Canadian newspaper)


</doc>
<doc id="56820534" url="?curid=56820534" title="2018–2020 UK higher education strikes">
2018–2020 UK higher education strikes

The University and College Union (UCU), a trade union representing 110,000 staff at UK universities, ran a major series of connected strikes in 2018, 2019, and 2020. The action has been characterised as "something of a milestone" for "impending service sector strikes of the 21st century".
In 2018, the dispute concerned proposed changes to the Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS). In 2019–20, strike action on USS continued, and action on a parallel dispute over pay equality, workload, casualisation, and pay levels was added.
The first strike began in February 2018. This strike escalated over fourteen strike days between 22 February and 20 March, and took place at sixty-four universities across the UK, represented by Universities UK (UUK). This was the longest ever strike in UK higher-education history. The Office for National Statistics found that in 2018, 66% of all working days lost to strike action were accounted for by the education sector, "due mainly to disputes involving employees of universities". An estimated 42,000 staff went on strike with 575,000 teaching hours being lost. By 28 March, over 700 external examiners had also recorded their resignations in a UCU document. The strikes coincided with an exceptional level of snow and ice from the 2018 British Isles cold wave which added further disruption to education.
As of 28 March 2018, more than a million students were estimated to have been affected, with 126,000 students signing petitions calling for fee refunds. Students also occupied campus buildings in support of striking staff at more than a dozen universities.
From 25 November to 4 December 2019, and on fourteen days between 20 February and 13 March 2020, UCU undertook further strikes, partly in a continuation of the pensions dispute which triggered the strikes in 2018, and partly in a parallel dispute over pay equality, workload, casualisation, and pay levels. In this second dispute, universities were represented by the Universities and Colleges Employers Association (UCEA).
During the period covered by this article, strikes also took place on local disputes at individual universities, covered in the table of all strike action below.
Background to the strikes.
The United Kingdom has 130 universities. Staff at 68 universities founded before 1992 are members of the USS pension scheme. (Most academic staff at institutions which became universities "after" 1992 are members of the Teachers' Pension Scheme, which is unaffected by this dispute.) In January 2018, UCU members at 61 universities (initially) balloted in favour of action over the proposed pension changes.
As reporting, both in the UK and abroad, noted, the strikes took place in the context of other tensions over higher education and pension provision in the UK, as follows.
Pensions.
The USS pension scheme.
The USS scheme was created in 1974 to provide sector-wide pensions for UK university staff (focusing on academic staff). Its terms changed little until 2011, when major reforms were implemented, followed by further changes in 2014–15. These changes left scheme members markedly worse off: one academic study concluded that the reduced wealth of post-2011 entrants was equivalent to an 11% drop in their total compensation or a 13% drop in their salaries.
By 2017, the USS scheme had over 400,000 members.
2018 USS pension negotiations, and associated strike action.
Prior to industrial action.
In July 2017, USS reported a technical deficit (i.e. a gap between the fund's assets and its liabilities) of £17.5 billion, reported as the largest such shortfall in the UK at that time. USS's deficit evaluation was based on suggestions that although the fund's assets had grown (reaching £60 billion, a one-fifth increase on the previous year), its liabilities had also grown (reaching £78 billion, a one-third increase over the previous year). Following negotiations regarding the calculation of the deficit, the USS Joint Negotiating Committee accepted a technical deficit of £6.1 billion in November 2017.
The key change proposed by UUK was to close USS's defined benefit scheme (possibly temporarily), replacing it with a defined contribution scheme.
Specifically, the USS Joint Negotiating Committee therefore made the following proposals, to be introduced after 1 April 2019:
The closure of defined benefits was presented as a red line by UCU, which argued in favour of finding ways to sustain defined benefits, or to introduce a collective defined contribution scheme (the primary legislation for which was introduced in the UK in 2015, but which had not as of March 2018 been advanced to secondary legislation).
Arguments for the changes.
USS argued that market conditions had simply proven less favourable than previous valuations had assumed, with the chief executive, Bill Galvin, arguing that 'the unavoidable fact is that market conditions have changed since 2014. Real interest rates have fallen since 2014, relative to inflation, and asset prices have soared ... We are now having to pay more – to get less in return – than we expected in the past'. Moreover, USS emphasised that its room for manoeuvre was constrained by the Pensions Regulator.
In theory, the deficit could have been resolved through higher contribution rates. However, UUK argued that defined benefit schemes were becoming prohibitively expensive. They said they had a legal duty to put in place a credible plan to reduce the deficit by the summer of 2018. Otherwise, pension contributions from employers and staff would have to sharply increase, potentially resulting in redundancies and cuts to other areas of teaching, research and student support. UUK stated the defined contributions proposal would compare well with private-sector competitors, with employer contributions double the private sector average.
USS had a legal responsibility to satisfy the UK pensions regulator that the scheme was sound, and the regulator was requiring change.
Arguments against the changes.
UCU stated that UUK's proposal would "leave a typical lecturer almost £10,000 a year worse off in retirement than under the current set-up", with younger staff the worst affected, with some losing up to half their anticipated pensions.
Critics of the changes offered the following main arguments against implementing the changes to the scheme promoted by UUK.
UCU ballots for industrial action (29 January 2018).
On 29 January, UCU announced that 88% of UCU members had voted to back strike action and 93% backed action short of a strike. The turnout was 58%, meeting the 50% minimum set by the Trade Union Act 2016.
Shortly after, on 13 February, the trade union UNISON, many of whose members in the Higher Education sector were also USS members, began a consultative ballot on striking alongside UCU. On 20 February, UNISON wrote to vice-chancellors in support of UCU's position.
Strike action commences (23 February 2018) and new negotiations follow.
Strikes commenced on 23 February, whereupon UUK agreed to meet UCU for further negotiations on 27 February. Leaked emails suggested they would not negotiate on UCU's key issue, retaining defined benefits. The meeting led to an agreement to undergo conciliation through Acas, the UK's national industrial dispute conciliation body. UCU tabled and published a set of proposals which it argued was consistent with the majority of UUK members' positions in USS's earlier consultation, but strikes were not called off.
A spokesperson for Universities UK said: "Both sides are currently engaged in serious and constructive talks at Acas. We are committed to seeking a viable, affordable and mutually acceptable solution to the current challenges facing USS pensions."
UCU's proposal (27 February 2018).
UCU tabled an alternative proposal at the first round of talks with UUK which UCU stated would involve universities accepting some increased risk and small increased contributions from employers and scheme members. UUK's response was that they would need time to cost the union's proposal which it feared would require "very substantial increases in contributions". However, some vice-chancellors voiced support for UCU's plan.
UCU's proposal, along with suggestions for longer-term strategies, was:
The parties held inconclusive talks on 5 March, scheduling the next talks for 7 March. However, a bizarre Twitter spasm from UUK on the night of 5 March insisted that the group was available for talks on 6 March, and this led to talks at noon on 6 March. Talks continued on 7 March, inconclusively. On 8 March, UCU's Higher Education Committee agreed that it would call further strikes if necessary after the Easter vacation, between April and June.
Joint UUK and UCU proposal (12 March 2018).
On the evening of Monday 12 March UCU and UUK issued a joint agreement, arrived at through ACAS, to be put to their respective members.
The agreement was specifically for a three-year "transitional benefit arrangement" lasting from 1 April 2019, maintaining defined benefits up to a salary threshold of £42,000, reducing the accrual rate to 1/85, but raising contributions to 19.3% of salaries for employers and 8.7% for members. The next valuation was to be informed by an "independent expert group", 'aiming to promote greater transparency and understanding' of the methodologies, assumptions, and viability of the scheme. Indexation and revaluation was to be measured using CPI and capped at up to 2.5% p.a. (meaning that if inflation, measured by CPI, rose above 2.5%, the pension would lose value in real terms). UCU was to suspend industrial action and "encourage" branches to reschedule any classes disrupted by the strike. The agreement stated that "there is commitment between both sides to engage in meaningful discussions as soon as possible to explore risk sharing alternatives for the future from 2020, in particular Collective Defined Contributions".
Vice-chancellors were to inform UUK whether they would back this deal by the end of day on Wednesday 14 March while UCU representatives consulted with their members on whether to reject the deal or not the next day.
Acas agreement withdrawn by UCU (13 March 2018).
Local branch meetings were held on Tuesday 13 March to consider the ACAS agreement. These meetings informed a meeting of elected and branch representatives the same day. This agreement was rejected by UCU's membership on the grounds that it failed to address members' concerns. Many UCU members used the Twitter hashtag #NoCapitulation to express their disapproval of the agreement, helping to co-ordinate a strong response to the proposals.
UCU general secretary Sally Hunt said that preparations for strikes during the exam period would be made, while urgently seeking further talks.
A UUK spokesperson said: It is hugely disappointing that students' education will be further disrupted through continued strike action. We have engaged extensively with UCU negotiators to find a mutually acceptable way forward.
In some places, the decision was followed the next day by rallies.
Developments 14–23 March 2018.
As of 14 March, UUK's consultation with its members remained ongoing.
A statutory 64-day consultation by USS on pension changes had been due to commence on 19 March, but as of 15 March, USS were declaring an unspecified delay to the commencement of consultations.
On 16 March, UCU called on members employed as external examiners to resign until the dispute was resolved. By 23 March over 600 resignations had occurred.
On 18 March, UUK announced that it would convene an "independent panel", featuring an independent chair and involving academics and pension professionals, to "consider issues of methodology, assumptions and monitoring, aiming to promote greater transparency and understanding of the USS valuation". The panel would invite UCU "to play a full role in providing evidence to the panel" and would also liaise with USS and the pensions regulator. UCU's response was that "UCU will of course look at any proposals UUK makes but our members have made it quite clear that what is needed is a much improved offer".
On 22 March, UCU sanctioned fourteen further strike days to fall in the April to June 2018 exam period should the talks fail to come to a resolution.
On 23 March, UNISON announced that its consultative ballot of its USS members had returned 91% support for industrial action, and that it would begin a formal ballot for strike action in April.
UUK makes a new offer (23 March 2018).
On 23 March, UCU announced a new offer from UUK. This proposed the creation of a formal "Joint Expert Panel" to reconsider how valuations should be undertaken, leaving open the possibility of maintaining the status quo not only for the statutory period up to April 2019, but possibly beyond. The panel would
take into account the unique nature of the HE sector, inter-generational fairness and equality considerations, the need to strike a fair balance between ensuring stability and risk. Recognising that staff highly value Defined Benefit provision, the work of the group will reflect the clear wish of staff to have a guaranteed pension comparable with current provision whilst meeting the affordability challenges for all parties, within the current regulatory framework.
The "Financial Times" noted that this would be "a far more comprehensive review of the current structure and valuation of the Universities Superannuation Scheme" than previously considered, but also noted that "the new agreement avoids any mention of increases in contributions by either employers or employees to plug the hole in the scheme". UCU was due to consult members' representatives at a formal meeting on 28 March.
Meanwhile, on 26 March, the UK's Joint Negotiating Committee for Higher Education Staff began its round of negotiations for pay in the sector for 2018/19, with unions demanding a large pay uplift.
New strike dates announced as UCU members balloted on proposal (28 March 2018).
UCU announced that members would be electronically balloted on the new offer in April to decide on the proposal for the Joint Expert Panel. UUK pledged to maintain the current contributions and retirement benefits until at least April 2019 while the review by the panel of experts took place.
At the same time, UCU gave formal notice of a five-day strike action, aimed at disrupting the exams and assessments period, at some universities for 16 to 20 April 2018, potentially to be called off if there was progress in the negotiations. 13 universities including Manchester, Cardiff, Oxford, St Andrews, Leeds and Southampton would be affected by this next round of strikes with the prospect of industrial action at the other 52 universities to take place later in April and continuing into July if no agreement was reached. However, staff would not take part in additional strike action if UCU members vote to accept the UUK proposal.
As of 28 March, nearly 700 external examiners had recorded their resignations in a UCU document. "The Guardian" reported that "students at the end of their courses could find themselves unable to graduate if crucial exams cannot be invigilated, marked or assessed" as a worst-case scenario.
Debate followed among UCU members as to whether to accept the proposals or not. As of 4 April, some branches had decided to recommend that their members reject the proposals as they stood, and prominent discontent with the proposals continued to be registered in the run-up to the ballot closing.
UCU accepts UUK proposal (13 April 2018) and Joint Expert Panel is formed.
The result of the ballot was the UCU members accepted UUK proposal. Industrial action was suspended and the impending strikes of 16 April were called off.
On 18 April, UCU confirmed that it was ending its call for external examiners to stand down. Commentary suggested that scrutiny of the pension negotiations by the union membership was nonetheless ongoing.
On 18 May, UUK and UCU announced that the Joint Expert Panel would be chaired by Joanne Segars. On 21 May UCU announced three nominations to the panel. Other members were later determined as Ronnie Bowie, Sally Bridgeland, and Chris Curry (appointed by UUK) and Catherine Donnelly, Saul Jacka, and Deborah Mabbett (appointed by UCU). The Joint Expert Panel was scheduled to report in September.
On 1–3 June, a tumultuous UCU congress included calls for the general secretary, Sally Hunt, to resign over what was perceived to be undemocratic practice within the Union's prosecution of the dispute. Much of the congress's proceedings had to be aborted, and a new congress was proposed for the future. (On 18 October a recalled congress saw the withdrawal of motions to call for resignation, but a motion of censure was passed complaining at a lack of transparency and accountability in Hunt's representation of UCU members during the dispute.)
USS plans contribution increases (25 July 2018).
While the Joint Expert Panel deliberated, USS announced that, given that the legal deadline for addressing the fund's deficit had passed, it would, in accordance with statutory procedure, act already to raise both staff and employer contributions, following a statutory consultation period, to maintain the scheme's benefits. The proposed rises (as a percentage of salary) were to be phased in over a year:
These plans were announced against a backdrop of USS's annual report calculations of the deficit falling, due to changing assumptions about factors such as returns on corporate bonds and mortality. On different measures, the 2018 annual report showed a 2014 deficit of 12.6bn falling to a 2018 deficit of 12.1bn; or a £17.5bn deficit falling to £8.4 billion deficit. Though this plan was criticised by UCU and UUK, as of 22 November 2018, USS continued to plan to implement it.
Joint Expert Panel releases first report (13 September 2018).
On 13 September, the Joint Expert Panel that had been convened to re-examine the valuation of the USS scheme issued its first report. The Panel's press release recommended a number of adjustments to the methodology and data used in the 2017 valuation of the USS scheme, and stated that "it is the Panel's belief, based on independent actuarial analysis, that the full implementation of these adjustments could mean total required contributions estimated at 29.2% to fund current benefits [...] This compares to the current rate of 26% (18% of salary paid by employers, 8% by employees) and the rate of 36.6% from April 2020 which is proposed by USS, based on the valuation as it stands". It was suggested that this proposal might entail raising employees' contributions to 9.1% of salary, and employers' by 2.1%, taking their contribution to 20.1%.
On 15 October Sam Marsh, of the University of Sheffield, reported in detail on his own analysis of data obtained from USS after a long period of requesting the information. He found that the methodologies by which USS's 'test 1' measures the pension scheme's viability were flawed, and that by maintaining previous investment strategies, USS would have the surplus it would require to meet its future liabilities. UUK asked the USS trustee to investigate Marsh's arguments. Marsh's commentary had also attracted prominent support from Michael Otsuka. USS defended its position the next day, accepting that Marsh's reanalysis was 'not wrong in isolation', but arguing that de-risking was necessary anyway. In response, UCU commissioned an independent report by First Actuarial which on 16 November 2018 supported Marsh's arguments and levelled a number of criticisms at USS's valuations and reasoning.
On 8 November, UUK reported on a consultation of its members, which found them, like UCU, to support the Joint Expert Panel's recommendations. The news was welcomed by UCU. This suggested that a consensus position between these parties had been more or less achieved, meaning that the main faultline in the dispute now ran between USS on the one side, and UCU and UUK on the other.
USS declares 2017 valuation complete but agrees to a new 2018 valuation (22 November 2018).
On 22 November, USS declared that 'as member and employer representatives on the Joint Negotiating Committee could not agree on an alternative outcome to the 2017 valuation', it would maintain the defined benefits scheme but implement contribution increases using the Scheme's default rules for cost-sharing between members and employers, as published on 25 July (starting with a small increase in contributions in April 2019). The 2017 valuation was eventually signed off on 29 January 2019.
However, USS agreed to undertake a new valuation of the fund as it stood at 31 March 2018, which the Joint Expert Panel had suggested would indicate a far smaller deficit. It was thought that this new valuation might forestall further requirements for contribution increases after April 2019.
Consultation on 2018 USS valuation closes (28 February 2019).
On 2 January 2019, USS began a consultation with UUK on its 2018 valuation, which closed 28 February. USS proposed that it should be possible to increase overall contributions from 26% of salary (the contribution level that obtained from April 2016 to April 2019) to 29.7% of salary, rather than the higher increases planned in response to the 2017 valuation—but only if scheme members agreed to a system of 'trigger contributions' (additional contributions that would be triggered if short-term measures of deficit exceeded a certain level). UUK members, however, expressed scepticism at the necessity and appropriateness of this arrangement. In response, on 9 May 2019, USS proposed three options 'for finalising the 2018 valuation', retaining the scheme's previous benefits, and requiring lower contributions than the arrangement that the scheme had defaulted to in the absence of an agreement, but requiring much higher contributions than the proposals put forward by the JEP:
Meanwhile, on 15 March the Council of Trinity College, Cambridge voted to withdraw the college unilaterally from USS as of 31 May 2019, in a move that came to be called Trexit. By October 2019, the college had replaced the USS scheme with a defined benefits scheme to avoid the college bearing any responsibility for other pensions in the UK higher education system in the event of foreclosures in the sector. The move sparked protests, resignations, and a boycott.
On 21 May 2019, it was revealed that Jane Hutton, in her capacity as a non-executive director on the USS board of trustees, had in March 2018 complained to the Pensions Regulator, alleging that her efforts in 2017 to check whether the USS deficit had been miscalculated had been frustrated by delays and obstructions to providing her with data to which she needed access to fulfil her fiduciary duties. As of May 2019, the Pensions Regulator and Financial Reporting Council were investigating the allegations. On 14 June 2019, as the investigation continued, the Regulator rebuked USS for claiming that aspects of USS policy were mandated by the Regulator when in fact they were not. On 11 October 2019, it was reported that Hutton had been dismissed as a director of USS on the grounds that, according to an independent investigation, "she had breached a number of her director's duties owed under company law and contract". USS said that the dismissal was independent of Hutton's whistleblowing and the ongoing investigation; Hutton said she did not view the decision as valid and was considering further action.
On 22 August 2019, the Joint Negotiating Committee, representing UCU and UUK, met to determine the position that they would put to the USS trustees. The independent chair, Andrew Cubie, used his deciding vote to support UUK's preferred plan. In this scheme, total contributions per member would be 30.7% of salary, with 9.6% being paid by the employee and 21.1% by the employer. A further valuation would follow in 2020 and in the absence of an alternative agreement, the contribution rate would rise to 34.7% in October 2021 with members paying 11% and employers 23.7%. UCU argued that employees' contributions should not rise above 8%, and that the Joint Expert Panel had suggested alternative paths to achieving this that had been agreeable to both UCU and UUK. UUK offered to limit staff contributions to 9.1% instead of 9.6% if UCU would agree to hold no strikes on pensions for two years, an offer which UCU rejected. The 21.1%:9.6% contribution rates were ratified on 12 September by the USS trustee board.
Responses to the 2018 pension strikes.
Changes in UK law.
The strike brought to the attention of unions and the UK government a potential ambiguity in UK legislation: migrant workers on Tier 2 and 5 visas have an annual 20-day limit on unpaid absence from work. As some universities had seen local strike action during 2017–18 in addition to the 14 days of national strike action, fears arose that staff members who were on strike for more than 20 days in a year might have their visas revoked, and that this might in turn impinge on their legal rights to take industrial action. On 12 July, the home secretary Sajid Javid declared that it was "not the government's policy to prevent migrant workers from engaging in legal strike action" and that he would introduce changes to the rules and guidelines on immigration to be explicit that strike action did not count as "unpaid absence".
Staff.
In the ballot for the strike, UCU achieved an unusually high turnout and strong support for industrial action, and membership grew by about 15,000 between the beginning of 2018 and 12 April.
Staff organised "teach-outs" off campus at "every university with a substantial picket line"; these featured education sessions which tended to be left-wing or critical of recent changes in UK higher education, apparently led by the University of Leeds, whose UCU branch had tested the model during a local dispute in autumn 2017. Some pickets also featured staff singing rewrites of popular songs, among them Leeds University UCU's "Strike Up Your Life" (based on the Spice Girls' hit "Spice Up Your Life") or dance routines, prominently including Cambridge University UCU's performance to Public Enemy's "Fight the Power". Geographers at the University of Nottingham produced a 'strike zine'. A Cambridge researcher working in the UK under a visa made an art installation reflecting their precarious situation. Meanwhile, Southampton University UCU's 'Dinosaur of Solidarity', a person in a dinosaur costume, became a minor social-media sensation.
As the strikes commenced, academics at Oxford and Cambridge began using those universities' democratic structures to change the universities' position on pension reform. Oxford staff's attempts to use the university's supreme governing body, Congregation, to effect a change of policy failed due to procedural problems on 5 March, but the next day Oxford's vice-chancellor Louise Richardson declared that the University would nonetheless heed the wishes of staff to "reverse its response to the UUK survey".
As the strikes developed, university staff increasingly called into question the governance structures of UUK, individual universities, and USS, along with the marketisation of the UK higher education sector and its increasingly precarious workforce. By 13 April, over 12,000 people had signed a petition calling for UUK to be made subject to the Freedom of Information Act 2000.
Staff also made extensive use of social media (see below).
Universities.
Universities were represented in the dispute by UUK.
However, some vice-chancellors expressed support for UCU's position before the strike. Anthony Forster, vice-chancellor at the University of Essex, described a staff consultation process that led Essex to support retaining defined benefits via increased pension contributions. The University of Warwick's Stuart Croft publicly stated that "I am sure that I am not alone in being mystified at this [proposed] change", and argued, in line with the position of the Liberal Democrats, that the UK government should underwrite USS pensions.
After the strike began, other vice chancellors voiced concern about UUK's position, and by the second day of strike action, 18 were being reported as calling for renewed negotiations, or as supporting UCU's position. Some joined staff on picket lines, among them Anton Muscatelli (Glasgow), Keith Burnett (Sheffield) and Robert Allison (Loughborough). In a letter to "The Times" of 16 March, the vice-chancellor of Cambridge University, Stephen Toope, expressed sympathy with the concerns of staff and students about not only pensions, but also marketisation of UK universities, and held a wide-ranging public meeting with around 550 staff and students in Great St Mary's Church, scheduling a further such meeting for 26 April.
Some universities decided to cushion the financial impact of strike action on their staff by deducting pay for the days not worked over several months. These included Glasgow, Leicester, Cardiff, Cambridge, and York.
Video recording of lectures had become widespread in UK universities by 2016, and some universities sought to use lectures recorded in previous years to substitute for teaching missed during the strikes. This prompted renewed debates about what rights universities should claim in the intellectual output of their staff.
Threatened pay deductions for not rescheduling teaching.
Conversely, many universities demanded that staff reschedule teaching that had not been delivered during the strike, noting their right to deduct pay for partial performance if staff did not. However, a smaller number appeared to be committed to implementing deductions. Examples which attracted media attention included:
In Sheffield's case, pay deduction of 25% for partial performance, rising to 100% after five days, was initially threatened, provoking alumni to threaten to withdraw donations. The University then explained that it would not implement deductions for partial performance. Similar developments occurred at St Andrews, with the Principal, Sally Mapstone, writing that "having considered all matters in the round, I believe that our current policy to deduct pay at 100% for failure to reschedule classes cancelled due to strike action is inconsistent with this University's values and the store we place on our shared sense of community". At Leeds, a number of external examiners resigned in protest at the university's plans, ongoing as of 10 March, to deduct pay for partial performance, while Alice Goodman, widow of the university's noted professor Geoffrey Hill, addressed an open letter to the university's vice chancellor asking the University to reconsider its stance.
Students.
Polls.
A Yougov poll of 738 undergraduate students conducted for UCU between 13 and 20 February 2018 found that nationally, 61% of students said they supported the strikes, with 19% opposed and the remainder unsure. At striking institutions, support was 66%, with 18% opposed. In February 2018, a poll of 1,500 students for "Times Higher Education" magazine found over half (51.8%) would support their lecturer in a walk-out and just under a third (29.3%) would not. Support for the national strike was evenly balanced, with 38.4% in favour and 38.4% against.
By 8 March, extensive student support for the strikes was still being reported, observing that students were joining with staff in solidarity against the marketisation of UK higher education.
Occupations and other activism.
On the first day of the strikes the UUK head office in London was occupied by students. Students undertook occupations of university buildings in support of the strike at various institutions, including University College London (26 February), the University of Liverpool (28 February) and the University of Bristol (5 March), along with students at Leicester, Bath, Exeter, Southampton, Sussex, and Reading. A fresh wave of occupations began on 12 March, following the publication of the first ACAS-brokered joint agreement between UCU and UUK, which UCU members rejected. Universities with occupations during that week included Reading, Cambridge (in the Old Schools), Dundee, York (in Heslington Hall), Sheffield (in the Arts Tower), Stirling, Aberdeen, Surrey, Sussex, Glasgow, and, Queen Mary University of London (in the Octagon).
The purpose of the occupations extended into other issues: on 19 March, University of London students occupied Senate House in support of a strike called for 25–26 April by outsourced worked including cleaners, porters and receptionists. At one point during the occupation, students were locked into a room by staff members of the university.
In the wake of the February–March strikes, the students' union at SOAS called on its members to refuse to submit work with deadlines before 23 March, arguing that deadlines so soon after the end of the strikes would negatively affect students' work.
Compensation.
Students, who in England had since 2012 paid fees covering most of the cost of their education, responded by demanding compensation from their universities, explicitly in support of the striking staff: by 20 February 2018, 70,000 had signed letters and petitions of this kind, rising to around 126,000 by 5 March.
On 4 March 2018, it was reported that King's College London had become the first university to offer to use money not spent on striking staff's salaries to compensate students. Robert Liow, a third-year law student at the university, told the BBC that if universities did not refund students part of their fees, they would be profiting from the dispute, as they would gain the money not paid to striking university staff:
I don't want a consumerist education service. I believe education is a public good and not a service to be sold. But if we are going to be treated as consumers we are going to ask for our money back.
On 23 March 2018, it was reported that the international disputes lawyers Asserson had begun co-ordinating a no-win no-fee suit for compensation for students affected by the strikes, inviting students to sign up to participate online. On 24 April 2018, it was announced that over 1,000 students had signed up: enough to apply for a group litigation order. By 17 June, over 5,000 had joined. Asserson estimated that one million students had been affected by the strike, with 575,000 teaching hours lost. They suggested that universities might be liable for £20m compensation.
By May 2019, the Office of the Independent Adjudicator for Higher Education (designated under the Higher Education Act 2004 to run the higher education student complaints scheme within England and Wales) has issued a number of adjudications in response to student complaints, asking universities to offer partial refunds of fees.
In media.
On 25 November 2019, Joshua Curiel, a student at the University of Kent, wrote an article for "The Guardian" encouraging fellow students to support their lectures. Curiel argued that "This strike will have a greater impact if universities see that the lecturers have the full support of their students and understand that changes must be made. We have a part to play in these strikes, to keep the pressure up to ensure fairer working conditions."
Politicians.
On 29 November 2017, Carol Monaghan (Scottish National Party) tabled an Early Day Motion in the House of Commons entitled "Defending Academic Pensions", noting "with concern the proposal by Universities UK to close the defined benefit portion of the Universities Superannuation Scheme (USS) to all future service". The motion was sponsored by Caroline Lucas (Green Party), Martyn Day and Pete Wishart (SNP), and Jim Cunningham, and Mary Glindon (Labour). As of 19 March, it had been signed by 133 MPs.
During the first week of industrial action, UCU's stance was explicitly supported by the Labour and Green Parties. The Liberal Democrats argued that the government should underwrite the USS pension scheme, easing its assessment of risk. The Conservative universities minister Sam Gyimah encouraged the parties to negotiate, and encouraged universities to compensate students for missed education.
The Chinese embassy in the UK also made representations to the Department for Education, expressing concern for the situation of Chinese students in the UK.
UCU.
The "intense infighting" experienced by parts of UCU during and following the 2018 pension strikes and negotiations led UCU to establish a 'democracy commission' to recommend ways to improve participatory democracy within the Union. Among its recommendations was the suggestion that the office of General Secretary should be held for three-year terms, and for a maximum of three terms. The commission suggested introducing a mechanism for members to recall general secretaries. Its recommendations were put to a special congress of the union of 7 December 2019.
Scholarly societies.
Some scholarly societies issued statements supporting the strike or its goals. They included History UK, which said it 'believes universities should try to maintain the conditions of employment under which academics were originally employed. That includes pensions'; the Engineering Professors' Council; and the British Dental Association. Others did not take a position but did publicly discuss the issues, among them the British Psychological Society.
Media.
Traditional media.
The action attracted national television coverage, and supportive editorials from newspapers including the "Observer" and the "Financial Times", which opined that "the universities must increase their pensions offer, and lecturers should give a fair hearing to any new proposals. Failing that, students should be compensated by the colleges". Support for UUK, meanwhile, was offered in "The Times", with Daniel Finkelstein, for example, arguing that "the pension fund is a pot of money shared between current and past staff. All that the trustees and the regulator are trying to do is to make sure it is fairly shared out. They are ensuring the money hasn't all been given away while there are people with future claims against it".
A number of commentators expressed exasperation at a tendency in the media, and on social media, to refer to the strike as a "lecturers' strike", when it involved a wide range of staff, academic and non-academic.
Social media.
UCU members made extensive use of social media during the dispute. They were used to disseminate activists' research on the changes to pensions. Social media were also used to satirise universities' senior management: for example, the hashtag #FindMyProvost was used to mock vice-chancellors who did not engage with staff, and the 'UCU Strikeposting' meme page on Facebook, which was run by students and staff who supported the strike, and quickly amassed over 6,000 likes in 4 weeks. Hashtags were also a powerful organising tool. A prominent example was the Twitter hashtag #NoCapitulation, which emerged as the unifying message university staff rallied behind twenty hours after the Acas agreement of 12 March. Dr Ed Rooksby, a tutor at Ruskin College Oxford, said "the leadership saw this wave of hostility coming towards them and backed down ... I'm sure there wouldn't have been as much momentum without Twitter, and without someone coming up with that hashtag." Dr. Jo Grady, a senior lecturer in employment relations at Sheffield University, stated her belief that Twitter had helped people connect "outside of traditional union frameworks" and that this was ironic as their employers were the ones who encouraged staff to use social media as a tool for self-promotion.
2019–20 industrial action on pensions and on the 'four fights'.
Concern about pay and conditions, particularly in relation to high senior pay and expenditure on new buildings in the face of declining staff pay, the gender pay gap, precarious contracts and casualisation, and workloads were all expressed as part of the wider context of the pensions dispute, but also formed the basis of ballots for industrial action across all UK higher education unions (UNISON, Unite, EIS, GMB and UCU) during the period of the pensions strikes.
Accordingly, from September to October 2019, UCU balloted members for industrial action in two disputes: renewed industrial action on pensions (for those institutions participating in USS), and new industrial action on pay and conditions (which UCU called the 'four fights'—pay inequality, job insecurity, rising workloads, and pay deflation—for all higher education branches). Ballots were undertaken separately for each institution in the belief that turnout might pass the 50% of members required by the Trade Union Act 2016 at a sufficient number of institutions to enable meaningful industrial action, while averting the risk of an aggregated national ballot falling below the 50% threshold. It was argued that it was necessary to make industrial action possible on both issues at once to avoid gains to overall remuneration made via one channel being negated by losses on the other.
Ballot on USS pensions (31 October 2019).
On 26 May 2019, UCU's Higher Education Sector Conference voted to commence a further dispute with USS employers. UCU wrote to relevant vice-chancellors on 7 June asking them to avert possible industrial action by committing "to uphold the level of contributions no higher than 26% (8% for members)", in the first instance by seeking to influence USS policy via employers' representatives on the Employers' Pension Forum (EPF) and the UUK nominees to USS's joint negotiating committee. The Union asked that, failing that, employers "must cover any increases in full that are needed to maintain current benefits until USS's governance and valuation methods and assumptions have been overhauled".
On 31 October 2019, UCU reported that of 64 branches balloted, at least 43 had passed the 50% turnout threshold or were otherwise able to take industrial action. The national aggregate of votes (with four institutions still to be counted) achieved a 53% turnout with 79% voting for strike action.
Ballots concerning joint higher education trade union national pay claim (31 October 2019).
2018-19 pay negotiations.
In March 2018, the UK's Joint Negotiating Committee for Higher Education Staff began its round of negotiations for pay in the sector for 2018/19, with unions demanding a large pay uplift. Citing long-term real-term declining pay, on 26 March 2018 the unions submitted a pay claim seeking a 7.5% pay increase or £1,500, whichever was greater; a £10 minimum wage to make all higher education institutions "living wage" employers; and gender pay equality by 2020. In April 2018, the Universities and Colleges Employers Association proposed a 1.7% pay increase for 2018–19, raising the offer to 2% (and 2.8% for the lowest paid) in May. These figures were both below inflation, which in March 2018 stood at 2.7%.
On 6 June 2018, UCU commenced a consultative ballot to determine whether to conduct a formal ballot for industrial action in relation to the UK Joint Negotiating Committee for Higher Education Staff's negotiations over 2018-19 pay. The ballot closed on 27 June 2018, with 82% of participating members voting to reject the offer from the University and Colleges Employers' Association of a minimum pay rise of 2 per cent, rising to 2.8 per cent for the lowest paid. UCU formally declared a trade dispute on 24 July 2018. On 21 August 2018, UCU served statutory notice of its intention to ballot members for industrial action regarding the 2018-19 national pay dispute. The ballot opened on 30 August 2018. On 22 October 2018 UCU announced the results of the ballot. Although the majority of Union members who voted elected to take industrial action, the turnout only passed the 50% of members required by the Trade Union Act 2016 at seven universities (alongside which three Northern Irish universities, unaffected by the legislation, also voted to strike). Likewise, on 29 October Unison reported that although a majority of voting members had supported strike action, the vote was frustrated by insufficient turnout. On 7 November, UCU's special higher education sector conference decided to run another ballot, this time aggregating votes across the sector rather than running a different ballot for each university. On 23 November, the ballot was scheduled to run from 14 January to 22 February 2019. This ballot achieved a turnout of only 41%, so again led to no industrial action.
2019-20 pay negotiations.
On 1 May 2019, employers' final offer in the 2019-20 pay negotiations was 1.8%, rising to 3.65% for the lowest paid (deleting the lowest point on the pay scale to ensure a living wage for all staff). For most members, the offered raise was below inflation (then 2.4% RPI), and unions called for an increase of RPI+3% or of £3,349 – whichever was greater. Later that month, the UCU congress resolved to campaign to win an industrial action ballot on this offer, with a campaign naming the 'four fights' of pay, equality, casualisation, and workload. Unite and Unison also resolved to ballot on pay.
On 31 October 2019, Unison reported that although around 66% of members voting had voted for strike action, turnout had not passed the 50% threshold. Likewise, Unite announced that 73.3% of members had voted to take action, but that turnout had been 32.1%.
On the same day, UCU reported that of 148 branches balloted, at least 54 had passed the 50% turnout threshold or were otherwise able to take industrial action. The national aggregate of votes achieved a 49% turnout with 74% voting for strike action (with four institutions still to be counted).
UCU announces eight days of strikes (5 November 2019).
On 5 November 2019, UCU announced that at those institutions with a legal mandate to strike, eight consecutive strike days would be held from Monday 25 November to Wednesday 4 December, 'unless', in the words of UCU's general secretary Jo Grady, 'the employers start talking to us seriously about how they are going to deal with rising pension costs and declining pay and conditions'. Following 4 December, Union members were also to begin action short of a strike (such as 'working to contract'). 60 universities were to be affected (43 regarding both pensions and pay, 14 regarding pay only, and 3 regarding pensions only).
It was estimated that the strikes would affect over a million students.
Spokespeople for UUK and Universities &amp; Colleges Employers Association argued that UCU did not have a strong mandate for action given that the majority of branches had not qualified to take strike action. The UUK spokesperson expressed hopes that the industrial dispute could be resolved without strike action and that UCU 'will now join us to consider governance reforms and alternative options for future valuations' regarding USS. The UCea spokesperson argued that the 2019-20 national pay negotiations had delivered a pay deal 'at the very limit of what is affordable'. Opinion among university leaders was not uniform, however: on 15 November, the vice-chancellor of the University of Essex argued that 'the University of Essex is willing to increase contributions to the scheme to sustain critical features of the USS, including defined benefits'.
On 19 November, UUK and UCEA jointly wrote an open letter 'to staff impacted by the UCU pensions and pay disputes', partly arguing that 'the publication of the JEP's second report will present UUK and UCU with the opportunity to develop a valuable and sustainable future for USS' and that while universities 'simply cannot afford to put more into this year's pay increases than they already have', UCEA had invited negotiations on 'workload, gender pay/equality and casual employment arrangements'. UCU's response included the argument that 'you cannot refuse to talk about pay yet say you want to talk about closing pay gaps that exist for women and BME staff' and that 'we are always keen to negotiate and will attend talks to try and avert the disruption the strikes will inevitably cause'.
Strikes take place (25 November–4 December 2019).
Strikes began on 25 November. According to figures subsequently gathered by UCEA, 29.2% of UCU members at the affected universities took strike action, representing 5% of all staff at those universities (not all of whom were in the constituency represented by UCU), though around 26% reported pockets of high impact on teaching.
As in 2018, striking staff at a number of universities ran educational 'teach-outs' off campus, which were open to students affected by the strikes. On 27 November, negotiators from UCU and UCEA met, with UCEA pledging to consult its members on 'gender and ethnicity pay gaps, casual employment arrangements and workload' ahead of a meeting the next week, while stating that it had no mandate to alter the pay increase that had been implemented for the 2019–20 academic year.
Employers' organisations continued to argue that the strike represented a minority of staff in a minority of universities, with Oxford Brookes University's vice-chancellor Alistair Fitt arguing further that 'the call for more money comes at a time when universities are operating in a challenging environment amid increased competition, a freeze on tuition fees, and prolonged uncertainty over the implications of Brexit'. A few universities were reported as being heavy-handed in their response to the strikes, with the University of Liverpool attracting criticism for telling its students they must not join picket lines; Sheffield Hallam putting a form online for students to record which lecturers were on strike (which attracted a large number of satirical submissions); and the University of Birmingham telling its staff that picketing on campus would be trespass (which attracted a large petition in opposition). An attempted occupation at the University of Reading in support of the strikes resulted in clashes with "heavy handed" security staff and injuries to the would-be occupiers. The university took disciplinary action against the students involved, banning an undergraduate and a postgraduate student from campus, as well as suspending the undergraduate.
As the strikes began, the "Guardian" published an editorial arguing that the strikes represented "a battle for the soul of the campus" and that "the market model in higher education has created an intellectual precariat who are right to fight back". Soon after, the "Financial Times" ran en editorial arguing that "while academics and universities might not want to hear it, if the USS is to continue operating, the money has to come from them", and also saying that "the current industrial action carries wider significance than the fate of a disputed retirement plan. It has exposed the precariousness of Britain's higher education system as it has become more of a marketplace", and calling for an "independent inquiry" into the handling of the USS valuation "by all key players, including the Pensions Regulator".
The National Union of Students supported the strikes, as did the Labour shadow secretary for education, Angela Rayner. Support from individual university students' unions was less clear, with some, such as the University of Birmingham Guild of Students, taking an explicitly neutral stance. Reading University Students Union voted to support the strikes, but was unusual in doing so. "The Times" reported that 'by and large' students 'support their lecturers and their anger is with universities and vice-chancellors'. In Edinburgh, students occupied David Hume Tower in solidarity with the strike, while students at Strathclyde University occupied a lecture theatre (both in support of the strikes and in protest at what they called 'rampant mismanagement, alleged corruption and irresponsible fossil fuel investment at the University of Strathclyde'). Students at the University of Stirling occupied a management building for two weeks, later receiving an eight-week suspension in punishment.
Some scholarly societies, such as the American Studies Association, expressed support for the strike.
The 2019 strikes took place in a somewhat different regulatory and legal environment from the 2018 ones, due to the establishment of the Office for Students and the emergence of a body of case-law from the Office of the Independent Adjudicator on the compensation of students for lost teaching in the wake of the 2018 strikes. Growing anxiety about the position of international students whose visa requirements for class attendance might be affected by the strikes, in the context of the UK Home Office's hostile environment policy towards migrants, was also in evidence. The University of Liverpool and Goldsmiths University attracted particular attention for telling international students that missing classes on account of refusing to cross picket lines might jeopardise their visas.
Following strike action (5–12 December 2019).
In the wake of the strike action, UCU called for 'action short of a strike' in the form of 'working to contract', interpreted primarily as working only the hours notionally required and not rescheduling teaching missed during the strikes. As in 2018, universities' responses to this varied, with some threatening pay deductions for 'partial performance' in the event of staff not rescheduling teaching and others not planning to deduct pay. Press coverage included mentioning the University of Liverpool for threatening partial pay deductions and Reading for threatening 100% pay deductions, whereas Cambridge offered to reimburse lecturers for pay lost during the strikes if they rescheduled teaching.
On 4 December, UCU began reballoting thirteen branches which had nearly succeeded in achieving the 50% voter turnout necessary to take strike action, in the belief that the strike action at other branches would galvanise members into voting. It was believed that this would strengthen the threat of further industrial action.
Second report of the Joint Expert Panel on pensions (13 December 2019).
13 December saw the publication of the Joint Expert Panel's second report. This recommended changes to the governance of USS, to build on "the establishment of a new, jointly agreed purpose statement and shared valuation principles". Reporting focused on the Panel's proposal to introduce a dual discount rate into the USS pension scheme, whereby the fund supporting members who had retired would be put into low-risk, low-return investments, but the remainder of the fund (accruing to working members who had not yet retired) would be free to be invested in higher-risk, higher-return holdings. The report was welcomed by UUK and UCU and media reporting suggested that negotiations in its wake could lead to the cessation of impending industrial action; as strikes loomed in February, however, the UCU general secretary Jo Grady commented that 'most importantly, employers have not yet offered to cover the unfair contribution increases that are pricing members out of the scheme', implying that this was a key sticking point.
The report also recommended three-way talks between UCU, UUK and USS on the governance of USS to lead to future pension policies being more satisfactory to scheme stakeholders. The 'tripartite group' first met on 17 January 2020.
In mid-January 2020, the University of Sussex launched an "industrial action ex gratia scheme" to compensate students up to £100 for inconvenience caused by the ongoing industrial action. It this became the first UK university to offer compensation while industrial action was still in process.
On 15 January, the Wellcome Trust published the report 'What Researchers Think About the Culture They Work In', which found that 29% of respondents felt secure in their jobs. On 20 January, UCU published a report on 'the dehumanising effects of casualisation in higher education' that noted that '67,000 research staff were on fixed-term contracts, making up two-thirds of the total research staff employed at universities, alongside 30,000 contracted teaching staff, many paid by the hour. A further 69,000 academic staff were on "atypical contracts" and so are not counted in the main staff record, while an estimated 6,500 were on zero-hours contracts'.
UCEA publish negotiating position (27 January 2020).
On 27 January, UCEA published a document 'offered as part of a potential composite JNCHES settlement for 2019-20' addressing the Four Fights issues, with the exception of pay (where the pay rise offered remained at 1.8%). UCEA noted that it had been 'given the scope to go further than ever before as a national employer representative body', proposed to set 'expectations' for the employment practices of individual institutions, and summarised its offer at sector-level thus:
Fourteen more universities ballot for strike action (29 January 2020).
On 29 January 2020, UCU announced results from the December–January reballots of selected universities that had failed to secure a 50% turnout in the 2019 ballots. As a result, two further universities joined the disputes on pensions and pay/conditions; nine joined the dispute on pay/conditions alone; and three joined the dispute on pensions alone; and two that had been on strike about pensions only added pay/conditions to their disputes. The number of institutions with a mandate to strike at this point stood at 74 in total: 47 for pay/conditions and pensions, 22 for pay/conditions only, and 5 for pensions only.
Strikes recommence (20 February 2020).
Before the strikes.
On 3 February 2020, following consultation with branch representatives at the union's Higher Education Committee, UCU announced fourteen days of strike action, escalating over a period running from 20 February to 13 March: 20–21 February, 24–26 February, 2–5 March and 9–13 March.
During February, UUK consulted its members on the possibility of making a new offer in the pensions dispute, responding to UCU's request that employers shoulder more of the burden of rising pensions contributions. 84% opposed the idea of making a new offer. Meanwhile, UCEA did not alter the offer it had made on 27 January. During the same period, the "Times Higher Education" reported restiveness among some UCU members about the desirability of further strikes.
Weeks 1-2 (20–26 February).
Strikes began on 20 February, with 74 universities affected, and news reporting on the day focusing on the determination of striking staff picketing in rainy weather. Following a few days with little apparent progress, UCEA resumed negotiations with UCU on Monday 24 February, and UUK resumed negotiations on Tuesday 25th. Negotiations continued throughout that week.
Week 3 (2–5 March).
Negotiations went on. and, following the leaking of minutes from a Russell Group meeting about casualisation, the Russell Group issued a statement pledging to address casualisation in that part of the university sector.
By the end of the third week of strike action (Friday 6 March), UCU summarised the position of negotiations as showing good progress on achieving a UK-wide, sector level framework to address casualisation, gender pay-gaps, and workload, with continued debate concerning the pay deal. Regarding pensions, the Union represented UUK as putting more pressure on USS for reform, but little progress on convincing employers to shoulder a higher proportion of rising pension contributions.
Week 4 (9–13 March).
Little news emerged from negotiations, and on 11 March UCU negotiators on the Four Fights made it clear that good progress had been made on three, but that the sticking point for them was pay, and argued that UCU members would need to continue industrial action to achieve improvements in that area.
Meanwhile, debate on USS was complicated by USS beginning their 2020 valuation, with UCU criticising USS's valuation methods and calling on UUK for support. No significant change appeared to have come about in employers' willingness to shoulder more of the rising costs of the pension scheme.
As the strikes came to an end, UK universities found themselves under a relatively sudden set of pressures as the COVID-19 pandemic led to falling projections for international student recruitment, and UK universities rapidly switching their teaching to online modes. UCU cancelled rallies on the last day of strikes to reduce the risk of infection.
Responses to the strike.
Student support at the outset of the strike was estimated at 47% by an unscientific poll reported by the BBC. With continued NUS support for the strikes, twenty-six students' unions wrote to the Minister of State for Universities, the chairs of the UCEA and USS trustee boards and the Chief Executive of Universities UK, expressing support for UCU and urging a swift resolution to the strikes. As in previous strikes, there was a student occupation, in this case of the Old Schools in Cambridge.
UCU members continued to find innovative ways to picket, with developments including a group of picketing runners circumnavigating the University of Leeds campus.
After the strikes.
The prospect of convulsive changes to university staff workload and working conditions caused by universities' responses to the pandemic increased the complexities and tensions surrounding the dispute. To continue legally constituted industrial action, most branches at this time needed to reballot for action; however, the reballots were postponed due to the crisis, and the legal mandate for industrial action expired on 28 April 2020.
Against the backdrop of the closure of UK campuses and an improvised sector-wide shift to online teaching, negotiations on the disputes continued. On 1 April 2020, UCEA tabled a new offer regarding the Four Fights dispute. As before, there was no increase in UCEA's previous pay increase offer of 1.8%, but the offer did include more explicit resolutions to establish sector-wide 'expectations' and 'recommendations' that all employers should implement through action and negotiation with unions at a local level. On 16 May UCU announced that it would convene representatives from its branches on 26 May with a decision about the Union's next step to be taken by its Higher Education Committee the next day.
The dispute over the USS pension was also cast into a new light by the economic shock of the pandemic and fears over the short-time financing of the UK higher education sector; the fund breached a self-sufficiency measure on 12 March and reported itself to The Pensions Regulator accordingly. Fears were made more acute by the fact that USS's statutory annual valuation date fell on 31 March, in the midst of the economic crash. In April 2020, UCU and UUK issued a joint statement on their position in relation to USS, in this respect presenting a united front against the pension trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="56820535" url="?curid=56820535" title="Mosambaye Singa Boyenge">
Mosambaye Singa Boyenge

General Mosambaye Singa Boyenge, born Alexandre Singa Boyenge on October 10, 1932 in Eastern Province (Democratic Republic of Congo) and died on July 21, 2001 in Kinshasa, was a Congolese soldier and statesman.
Career.
He became a lieutenant in 1960, at the independence of the former Belgian Congo, and rose to the rank of army general in January 1980.
After the fighting of the secession of Katanga in 1963, those against the rebellion of the troops of the East a year later, the confrontation in Kivu and in the Eastern province of Jean Schrame and the war of "80 days" where it succeeds to repel the invaders from Zairian territory, he was appointed military governor of Shaba (present-day Katanga) at the end of the so-called "6-day" battle in 1978.
General Singa Boyenge also held political office in the Popular Movement of the Revolution (MPR). In the diplomatic field, he was also a military attache at the Zaire embassy in Rome in 1969, and ambassador of Zaire in Uganda in 1970.
On June 11, 1975, as chief of the gendarmerie at that time, he led a revolutionary commission to investigate the coup d'état against the government (now known as "The coup d'etat monté et manqué"). This commission arrested several army officers, accused of conspiracy against Mobutu (attempted assassination), high treason and disclosure of military secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="56820536" url="?curid=56820536" title="1932 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1932 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1932 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the fifth edition of the women's doubles championship.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Marie Šmídová and Anna Braunová in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56820561" url="?curid=56820561" title="Don't Know Why (album)">
Don't Know Why (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56820568" url="?curid=56820568" title="Bulletproof (Godsmack song)">
Bulletproof (Godsmack song)

"Bulletproof" is a song by American rock band Godsmack. It was the first single off of their seventh studio album "When Legends Rise".
Background.
The song was first released on February 28, 2018. as the first single from their seventh studio album "When Legends Rise". The song is the band's first release since switching record labels from Universal Republic to BMG in 2016 for more artistic control over their music. Their prior single, a cover of the Beatles' "Come Together" was released as a single in 2017, but this was because it originated from the band's 2012 release "Live &amp; Inspired".
Themes and composition.
Lyrically, the song, along with its respective album, are related to the band still being together and functioning well as a unit for over twenty years. Frontman Sully Erna said of writing the song: 
Musically, the song was described as more melodic and catchy, and less aggressive, than the band's past music. Loudwire described it as having a "subdued vibe" in the choruses, with layers of guitar added gradually, until it "explodes" into the chorus, with heavy distorted guitars and melodic, soaring vocals.
Music video.
The music video for "Bulletproof" was released in April 3, 2018. It features guest appearances by Billy Ray Cyrus and Sebastian Bach. The 10 minute video was created by director Troy Smith and producer/editor Noah Berlow. The clip follows the band as they "audition" different directors to make their new music video, only to settle on Sully Erna's "cousin from Italy," Salvatore Pasquale. When asked about the making of the "Bulletproof" music video and the band's decision to take a comedic approach, Erna stated that "We just really enjoy having fun and laughing," adding, "Music is about entertainment just as much as it's about the art."
Reception.
Critical.
Reaction to the song has been mixed. Metal Injection sees the song as a "departure" for the band, instead opting for a "more melodic/catchy sound". MetalSucks however was critical of the new sound demonstrated by the song, comparing it to 3 Doors Down and pop music.
Commercial.
Upon its release, "Bulletproof" entered multiple charts, including the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Songs. The single debuted at number 24, making it the highest debut and greatest gainer in charting for the week. The single ultimately peaked at number one where it remained for five consecutive weeks, giving Godsmack their eighth number one single on that chart. When asked about the single's chart performance, Sully Erna admitted that, despite "Bulletproof" being "the most commercial song on the record", he was still pleased to see the fans embrace it. The single was certified platinum by the RIAA on September 24, 2020 for accumulating 1 million certified units, almost a year after it was certified gold for accumulating 500,000 certified units. In addition to it being certified platinum, "Bulletproof" was the most-played song on rock radio in 2018.
Personnel.
Band

</doc>
<doc id="56820571" url="?curid=56820571" title="Achilleas Agrou">
Achilleas Agrou

Achilleas Agrou (official name "Achilleas Agrou Athletic Club") is a sports association of the Agros Community in the Limassol District. It was founded on 8 May 1958 in the village of Agrou by village residents, as a cultural group, with the first official football section, with the aim of spreading the sports to the community. Today, the club has a basketball team that participates in the Division B, as well as teams of Teenagers (U19) and children (U16) participating in the Cyprus Basketball Federation championships. During the period 2014–2015 the basketball team re-opened and managed to reach the final of the championship, where it lost from the Anagennisi Germasogeias.
Basketball.
In 1988 the basketball section of Achilleas Agrou was founded, which was the first to participate in the Division B in the period 1988–1989. In the late 1990s, the team will make history, as after winning the first basketball championship in 1998, the team will be in the Division A and will be able to stay in it for four years. At a greater moment in this period, the participation in the 2001 Cup semifinals were missed by APOEL. After a period of 4 years when the basketball team was inactive, in September 2014 it re-opened and managed to reach the final of the championship.
Home ground.
Since the foundation of the basketball section in 1988, the basketball court of the Apisitio Agros Gymnasium (a capacity of 250 fans). Since 2007, the ground of the team has been moved to the modern Sports Center "Glafkos Clerides", where it is used until today.

</doc>
<doc id="56820577" url="?curid=56820577" title="Mallory Ortberg">
Mallory Ortberg


</doc>
<doc id="56820585" url="?curid=56820585" title="Active Fluids">
Active Fluids


</doc>
<doc id="56820588" url="?curid=56820588" title="Geddes's Axe">
Geddes's Axe


</doc>
<doc id="56820595" url="?curid=56820595" title="Scholar's Institute of Technology &amp; Management">
Scholar's Institute of Technology &amp; Management

Scholar's Institute of Technology &amp; Management is a technology and management institute located in Garchuk, Guwahati, Assam, India, and is promoted by the Scholar's Academy Education Trust, founded on 8 May 2008 under the Indian Trusts Act, 1882.
Campus.
The institute is in Garchuk in the Guwahati city. The campus is surrounded by hills and is spread over a lush green expanse of more than 10 acres.
The institute is easily accessible from the Guwahati city. The institute is 22 km from Guwahati railway station; 18 km from Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport; 14 km from Kamakhya Junction railway station; and 5.7 km from Rupnath Brahma Inter-State Bus Terminus, Guwahati.
Controversy.
In 2017, a fourth-semester civil engineering student of the Scholar's Institute of Technology and Management died following a fight with his classmates at the institute's hostel. Both the accused and the victim hail from Arunachal Pradesh. Both of them were in drunken state and were involved in a spat and later went on to the extent of exchanging blows resulting in victim's death.
Coinciding with the Statehood Day of Arunachal Pradesh, celebrations were held in the institute too by a section of the hostel boarders. According to sources, liquor in huge quantity was made available in the celebrations that led to the appalling incident.

</doc>
<doc id="56820609" url="?curid=56820609" title="Antonello Manacorda">
Antonello Manacorda

Antonello Manacorda (born 1970) is an Italian violinist and conductor, especially of opera, who has worked internationally. He has been the chief conductor of the Kammerakademie Potsdam and of Het Gelders Orkest.
Career.
Born in Turin, Manacorda studied violin at the conservatory of his hometown with Sergio Lamberto, graduating with distinction. He continued his studies with Herman Krebbers in Amsterdam, with Eduard Schmieder and with Franco Gulli. In 1994, Claudio Abbado appointed him concert master of the Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester. Manacorda founded in 1997, with colleagues and Abbado, the Mahler Chamber Orchestra (MCO), for which he has served as concert master and as vice president.
He conducted in 2001 a production of Mozart's "La clemenza di Tito" in opera houses of Lombardy. He decided to focus on conducting, and studied on a scholarship of the DeSono association for music with Jorma Panula.
He worked internationally with the municipal orchestra of Pärnu, Estonia, the Neues Kammerorchester Bamberg, and the . From 2003 to 2006, he was artistic director of the chamber music at the Académie Européenne de Musique of the Aix-en-Provence Festival. He assisted Marc Minkowski in a new production of Offenbach's "Les Contes d'Hoffmann" at the Opéra National de Lyon. In 2006, he conducted Paisiello's "Il barbiere di Siviglia" at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan. After several seasons at the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan, he moved in 2010 to the , and has also been chief conductor of from 2011. The Kammerakademie Potsdam was awarded the Echo Klassik 2015 in the category best ensemble/orchestra, for their recording of Schubert's symphonies No. 2 and No. 4, as part of a cycle of all his symphonies.
In 2011, Manacorda began in collaboration with Damiano Michieletto a project at La Fenice in Venice to present the Mozart trilogy of operas after da Ponte, followed by his "Die Zauberflöte". He conducted Rossini's "Otello" at the Theater an der Wien in 2016, staged by Damiano Michieletto, and at the Glyndebourne Festival a new production of "Béatrice et Bénédict" Hector Berlioz, staged by Laurent Pelly. In 2018, he conducted a new production of Meyerbeer's L'Africaine – Vasco da Gama at the Frankfurt Opera. A review noted that he realized both the lyric finesse and delicacy of changing emotions ("lyrische Finesse und Delikatesse vieler Passagen für die wechselnden Gefühlslagen") and the power of star wars ("da tobte der Sternensturm") including the failure of the mission ("samt Scheitern des Raumschiffs"), without the empty noise often associated with grand opera ("ohne leeres Dröhnen alter 'Grand Opéra'“).

</doc>
<doc id="56820630" url="?curid=56820630" title="1892 United States presidential election in Mississippi">
1892 United States presidential election in Mississippi

The 1892 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. Mississippi voters chose nine electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Mississippi was won by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois. However, Weaver performed well in the South as he won counties in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, and Texas. Weaver's win in Chickasaw County was the last time a Democrat lost any county in Mississippi in a statewide election until Herbert Hoover won the Pine Belt counties of Pearl River, Stone and George in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="56820631" url="?curid=56820631" title="Brilliance M2">
Brilliance M2


</doc>
<doc id="56820633" url="?curid=56820633" title="Trique people">
Trique people


</doc>
<doc id="56820655" url="?curid=56820655" title="Totonac people">
Totonac people


</doc>
<doc id="56820659" url="?curid=56820659" title="Ghana Judo Association">
Ghana Judo Association

Ghana Judo Association is the largest association for Judo in Ghana and a member as well as the official representative for this sport in the Ghana Olympic Committee.
International competition.
Ghana Judo Association is a member of the African umbrella organization African Judo Union (AJU) as well as the World Association for International Judo Federation (IJF).
On the part of the Ghana Olympic Committee, the Ghana Judo Association is the only Judo Association authorized to send athletes to the Olympic Games.
Emmanuel Nartey was the first Ghanaian to compete in Judo in the Olympics. Szandra Szögedi was the first female to represent Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="56820666" url="?curid=56820666" title="Philip Southwell">
Philip Southwell

Sir Charles Archibald Philip Southwell, CBE, MC, GCStJ (6 June 1894 – 30 November 1981), known as Sir Philip Southwell, was an English petroleum geologist and industrialist.
Early life and education.
Charles Archibald Philip Southwell was born in Calverley, Yorkshire, on 6 June 1894, the son of Charles Edward Southwell, a doctor, and Clare, "née" Beaumont. He was educated at Newcastle-under-Lyme High School, and in 1912, inspired by his father's friend Dr Wheelton Hind, Southwell joined the University of Birmingham to study petroleum technology, then a new course established by John Cadman (later Lord Cadman). Southwell enlisted in the Army in 1914 and served during the First World War with the Royal Artillery; he was awarded the Military Cross (MC) in 1918. After the war, he completed his studies at Birmingham and graduated in 1920 with a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree.
Career.
After briefly working for an engineering contractor, Southwell worked as Petroleum Technologist to the Government of Trinidad (1922–28), before joining the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, which became British Petroleum, as a local manager of the Oilfields and Geology Branch (serving until 1944). His job entailed exploring the Middle East for oil deposits and he successfully predicted the presence of oilfields under Kuwait. During the Second World War, he was placed in charge of oil exploration in the United Kingdom (he took the rank of temporary Lieutenant-Colonel and was also on the Government Committee on Business Training in 1945), but with the war over he returned his sights to Kuwait. In 1946 he was invited to join the Kuwait Oil Company as Manager Director, serving until 1959. The company was jointly run by BP and the American company Gulf Oil; he was responsible for exploring and extracting Kuwaiti oil and oversaw the company's 15,000 employees. According to his obituary in the "Journal of the Royal Society of Arts", "he developed the Kuwait oilfields so rapidly that Britain suffered little from the Iranian oil nationalization [in 1951]. He encouraged better relations with Middle Eastern countries and local control of oil resources, and deplored the invasion of Suez."
Southwell was President of the Institute of Petroleum for the 1951–52 year. He received the Silver Medal from the Royal Society of Arts in 1953 and the Institute of Petroleum's Cadman Memorial Medal in 1954. He was President (1960–80) of Brown and Root (UK) Limited, Chairman of Highland Fabricators from 1968 to 1980, and Director-General of St John Ambulance in 1968. He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1954 and a Knight Bachelor in 1958; he was also a Bailiff Grand Cross of the Order of St John (GCStJ). In 1926, he married Mary Burnett, daughter of Thomas Scarratt, of Ipstones. There were two sons of the marriage; she died in 1981, a matter of months before Southwell's own death on 30 November 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="56820681" url="?curid=56820681" title="Canada in a Day">
Canada in a Day

Canada in a Day is a Canadian television documentary film directed by Trish Dolman, which aired on CTV in 2017. Created to mark the 150th anniversary of Canada in 2017 and inspired by the 2011 film "Life in a Day", the film portrayed a snapshot of Canadian life over a period of 24 hours.
In 2016, CTV announced that people across Canada were being invited to film the events of their lives on September 10, 2016. A total of 16,818 videos were received, which were then distilled into a two-hour film by Dolman and editor Nick Hector. Out of all the country-specific "Life in a Day" sequels that have been released since 2011, "Canada in a Day" received the third-highest number of submissions behind only "Italy in a Day" and "Spain in a Day".
The film premiered on CTV on June 25, 2017, and was repeated on July 1 on CTV and July 2 on CTV Two.
The film won two Canadian Screen Awards at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018, for Best Direction in a Documentary Program (Dolman) and Best Editing in a Documentary Program (Hector).

</doc>
<doc id="56820682" url="?curid=56820682" title="Rarámuri people">
Rarámuri people


</doc>
<doc id="56820690" url="?curid=56820690" title="1933 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1933 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1933 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the sixth edition of the women's doubles championship.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Emilné Rácz and Magda Gál in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56820698" url="?curid=56820698" title="Brachiosaurus (Brachiosaurus) altithorax">
Brachiosaurus (Brachiosaurus) altithorax


</doc>
<doc id="56820700" url="?curid=56820700" title="Charles Archibald Philip Southwell">
Charles Archibald Philip Southwell


</doc>
<doc id="56820704" url="?curid=56820704" title="Brachiosaurus (Giraffatitan) brancai">
Brachiosaurus (Giraffatitan) brancai


</doc>
<doc id="56820709" url="?curid=56820709" title="Rarámuri language">
Rarámuri language


</doc>
<doc id="56820716" url="?curid=56820716" title="Cesenatico Lighthouse">
Cesenatico Lighthouse

Cesenatico Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the south-west of the entrance to the channel-harbour of Cesenatico, Emilia-Romagna on the Adriatic Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse, built in 1892, consists of a 2-storey yellow and white trim keeper's house; the tower, high with balcony and lantern, is attached to the seaward side. The lantern, painted in white and the dome in grey metallic, is positioned at above sea level and emits two white flashes in a 6 seconds period, visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 4028 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56820735" url="?curid=56820735" title="Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa">
Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa


</doc>
<doc id="56820744" url="?curid=56820744" title="Slow's Bar BQ">
Slow's Bar BQ


</doc>
<doc id="56820747" url="?curid=56820747" title="1715 in Wales">
1715 in Wales

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1715 to Wales and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="56820755" url="?curid=56820755" title="Light Blue Line (TRTS)">
Light Blue Line (TRTS)


</doc>
<doc id="56820760" url="?curid=56820760" title="Light Blue Line (Taipei Metro)">
Light Blue Line (Taipei Metro)


</doc>
<doc id="56820768" url="?curid=56820768" title="1–5 and 6 Sydney Place">
1–5 and 6 Sydney Place

1–5 and 6 Sydney Place, South Kensington, are a group of large terrace houses situated on the corner of Sydney Place and Fulham Road in London, United Kingdom. Sydney Place leads into Onslow Square. The buildings have been listed Grade II as a group on the National Heritage List for England since 1969.
The buildings span 5 floors and the freehold is owned by the Wellcome Trust. They stand four storeys high and cover over 5600 square feet.
Designed by George Basevi in the early nineteenth century, they were built by Charles James Freake between 1844 and 1845. At the end of the century, 1 Sydney Place changed from a residential to a commercial building. Until its acquisition by an interior designer company in 2017, the building had been home to a branch of HSBC bank.

</doc>
<doc id="56820770" url="?curid=56820770" title="Melocheville Tunnel">
Melocheville Tunnel

The Melocheville Tunnel is a tunnel connecting Beauharnois and Melocheville in Quebec, Canada. It is a segment of Route 132 located near the Beauharnois generating station. The tunnel measures 227.6 m. Until 1991, it was called the Beauharnois Tunnel.
History.
Construction.
The construction of the tunnel was carried out as part of the construction of the Beauharnois Canal, between 1956 and 1957.
The tunnel consists of 18 caissons, placed directly on the rock, one lane in each direction, one sidewalk on the north side and three ventilation shafts, one of which is used for the air outlet and two others for the air inlet.
The tunnel passes under the Beauharnois Canal in Melocheville and is an integral part of the St. Lawrence Seaway.
Improvements.
In 1968, work was carried out for tunnel rehabilitation and resurfacing.
Since then, maintenance work such as road repairs, repair of tunnel walls and rehabilitation of approaches have been carried out to ensure a safe and efficient passage for users and preserve the integrity of the structure.
Circulation.
In the tunnel, the two traffic directions are separated by a central support structure forming the first ventilation shaft (air outlet). The tunnel also has a sidewalk on the north side. Nearly 1.7 million passages are made in this tunnel each year.
Administration.
Since October 1, 1998, the operation, maintenance and administration of the tunnel belong to Jacques Cartier and Champlain Bridges Incorporated (JCCBI). The structure was previously under the authority of the St. Lawrence Seaway Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="56820772" url="?curid=56820772" title="Farm to Market Road 1496">
Farm to Market Road 1496


</doc>
<doc id="56820775" url="?curid=56820775" title="Farm to Market Road 1476">
Farm to Market Road 1476


</doc>
<doc id="56820782" url="?curid=56820782" title="Don't Know Why (disambiguation)">
Don't Know Why (disambiguation)

Don't Know Why is a song written by Jesse Harris and popularized by Norah Jones
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56820785" url="?curid=56820785" title="Aseptic carton">
Aseptic carton


</doc>
<doc id="56820795" url="?curid=56820795" title="HV angle">
HV angle


</doc>
<doc id="56820797" url="?curid=56820797" title="Boneheads">
Boneheads


</doc>
<doc id="56820823" url="?curid=56820823" title="Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas">
Nuestra Belleza Tamaulipas


</doc>
<doc id="56820825" url="?curid=56820825" title="Sanying Line, Taipei Metro">
Sanying Line, Taipei Metro


</doc>
<doc id="56820826" url="?curid=56820826" title="Sanying Line, Taipei">
Sanying Line, Taipei


</doc>
<doc id="56820828" url="?curid=56820828" title="Sanying Line, New Taipei">
Sanying Line, New Taipei


</doc>
<doc id="56820830" url="?curid=56820830" title="Leo López">
Leo López

Leo López may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56820832" url="?curid=56820832" title="Leo Lopez">
Leo Lopez


</doc>
<doc id="56820833" url="?curid=56820833" title="Sanying Line (New Taipei)">
Sanying Line (New Taipei)


</doc>
<doc id="56820835" url="?curid=56820835" title="Sanying Line (Taipei)">
Sanying Line (Taipei)


</doc>
<doc id="56820838" url="?curid=56820838" title="Sanying Line (TRTS)">
Sanying Line (TRTS)


</doc>
<doc id="56820840" url="?curid=56820840" title="Leopoldo Eduardo López Mendoza">
Leopoldo Eduardo López Mendoza


</doc>
<doc id="56820841" url="?curid=56820841" title="Leopoldo Eduardo Lopez Mendoza">
Leopoldo Eduardo Lopez Mendoza


</doc>
<doc id="56820842" url="?curid=56820842" title="Sanying Line Stage 1">
Sanying Line Stage 1


</doc>
<doc id="56820843" url="?curid=56820843" title="Erica Eyres">
Erica Eyres

Erica Eyres (born 1980) is a Canadian artist who lives and works in Glasgow.
Biography.
Eyres was born in Winnipeg and received a BFA from the University of Manitoba and a MFA from the Glasgow School of Art. In her art, she works with videos, drawings, sculptures and ceramics. Eyres has had solo exhibitions in London, in Winnipeg, in Glasgow at the Centre for Contemporary Arts and in Germany at the . Her work was also shown at the Swab Contemporary Art Show in Barcelona in 2008 and at the Akureyri Art Museum in Iceland.
She produced a series of drawings based on studio photographs which were taken by her father during the 1970s. In 2012, she developed a video which reconstructed an episode of the television show "Dallas" using Scottish children as actors. In 2014, she collaborated with Icelandic artist Sigga Björg Sigurðardóttir in an installation at the art museum called "Sniffer". Her work can be both humorous and unsettling.
She was nominated for a Beck's Futures award in 2006. In the same year, she received a Dewar Arts Award. In 2017, she appeared on the long list for a Sobey Art Award.

</doc>
<doc id="56820847" url="?curid=56820847" title="Villa Balbiano">
Villa Balbiano

The Villa Balbiano is a villa in Ossuccio, in Lombardy, Italy.
History.
The villa is in the small town of Ossuccio, one of the oldest on Lake Como. The first historical trace of the name Balbiano is found in a document dated 941. The historian Paolo Giovio (1483–1552) wrote of the place where his family possessed magnificent houses and lands planted with mulberries and olives. In 1596, Ottavio Giovio (Paolo's great-nephew) sold the villa to Tolomeo Gallio, who later became the first Duke of Alvito. The idea began to take shape in his mind of building a villa at Balbiano worthy of the family's new status. There are some doubts as to the name of the architect. the owner of the villa at the end of the eighteenth century, Giovanni Battista Giovio (a descendant of Paolo, and like him a scholar and historian), identified the architect as Pellegrino Pellegrini, known as “Tibaldi”. However, no other documents have been found to support this.
In 1637 the owner was Marco Gallio. When he died, on August 13, 1638, the four outer walls of the villa with their gneiss (serizzo) plinth course and most of the partition walls on the three floors had been built, but the finishing work had not been done. Only the cornice had been built for the roof. Ownership of Balbiano then passed into the hands of Carlo Gallio. As we read engraved on an eighteenth-century plaque at the villa, it was Carlo, Marchese of Isola, who continued construction. Another plaque, also from the eighteenth century, says that in 1680, the Marchese Giacomo Gallo celebrated completion of the building, which he had enriched with fine stuccowork and elaborate frescoes, gardens and fountains.
In 1787, Balbiano was acquired by the Cardinal Angelo Maria Durini, art patron and collector. His circle of friends included notable intellectuals in Milan at the time, such as the poet Giuseppe Parini, a leading figure in Italian Neoclassicism, who was often a guest at Balbiano. Durini purchased a number of neighboring properties, commissioned new frescoes, and ordered the construction of a small church, a tower, and a lighthouse to guide the boats (the lighthouse collapsed in the nineteenth century). In a panoramic position atop a promontory to the east, he had a double pavilion built. He dubbed the new estate Balbianino in honor of Balbiano, although today it is better known as Balbianello and is an Italian National Trust (FAI) site.
After several changes of ownership, in 1872 the villa was purchased by an industrialist in textiles, Gustave Salomon Gessner, who expanded the buildings and installed a spinning mill. In the twentieth century the property was broken up. The land to the west was sold, and in the 1930s the building housing the spinning mill was destroyed. In 1940, the parapet and gate on the lake side collapsed into the lake. In 1960, the villa changed hands once again: the new owner was a German engineer, Hermann Hartlaub. He was the one to initiate the first restoration work. Balbiano was bought by Michele Canepa, an industrialist in the silk business, in 1982. He beautified the gardens with new species of trees and flowers, some of which are quite rare. Ownership changed again in 2011. The modernization of the Villa was entrusted to the French interior architect Jacques Garcia, with Carlota Proença da Almeida handling structural design and restoration work. Restoration work was undertaken on the first floor to restore the historical decorations. An indoor pool was installed in what used to be a garden shed, and other pool was installed outside. The garden was also restored under the supervision of Colson Stone landscape architects of Somerset, England.

</doc>
<doc id="56820848" url="?curid=56820848" title="Sanying Line">
Sanying Line


</doc>
<doc id="56820852" url="?curid=56820852" title="Siege of Moscow (1618)">
Siege of Moscow (1618)

The Siege of Moscow was the last major military action of Wladyslaw IV's campaign of 1617-1618 and the entire Polish-Muscovite War (1605-1618). During the short siege, which lasted several weeks in the autumn of 1618, an assault of the city was unsuccessful. Having failed, the Polish-Lithuanian government went to the conclusion of the Truce of Deulino.
Prelude.
The campaign was presented as an action by the "legitimate" Tsar Wladyslaw Vasa against the "usurper" Michael Romanov. The Crown forces led by Wladyslaw (6,000 men) and Lithuanian forces under the command of the Great Hetman Jan Karol Chodkiewicz (6,500 men) took part in the campaign. Wladyslaw started from Warsaw on April 5, 1617, but only in September arrived in Smolensk. The Russian government pulled all available forces into the western direction, and in the Mozhaysk area, the Poles were given serious resistance. The Battle of Mozhaysk lasted all summer of 1618. Despite the fact that Russian troops eventually had to retreat, the Polish-Lithuanian army lost time, and was severely weakened as the gentry left the camp en masse due to non-payment of salaries. On October 2, the Polish-Lithuanian army of about 8.000 approached Moscow and settled in Tushino, on the site of the former impostor's camp. They were reinforced by 18.000 Zaporozhian Cossacks, led by Hetman Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny, who easily advanced from the southwest to Moscow, along the way capturing a number of small fortresses.
Siege.
According to the military register books, the Moscow garrison numbered only about 11.500 people. Of these, about 5.500 people were a militia gathered throughout Moscow, about a half of them armed with firearms. Even less reliable defenders were the Cossacks (about 1.450 horse and 1.150 foot). In addition to low fighting spirit, there was a threat of direct betrayal. As the most reliable defense of Moscow were service people (about 450 Moscow nobles and up to 900 provincial gentry and boyar children) and Streltsy of four Moscow orders (up to 1.500 men). In addition to them, the garrison included about 300 German mercenaries and 450 Tatars.
During the night of October 10, invaders made a general assault. The main Polish-Lithuanian forces attacked the Arbat gate (2,700 men) and Tver gate (2,300 men). The gate attack scheme was identical: infantry fire was to cause the defenders to leave the walls, while the engineers destroy the gates with petards. Despite the huge numerical superiority of the Cossacks, they had an auxiliary role. Hussar banners, in contrast to the events of 1612, Chodkiewicz left in reserve.
Shortly before the storm began, two French engineers ran over to the Russian side, delivering Polish plans to the defenders. As might be expected, the assault forces immediately encountered prepared and stubborn resistance. The attack of the Tver Gate was stopped immediately: the fire of Russian infantry from the walls of the White City scattered the enemy ranks. The walls of the fortress were too high for assault ladders. A huge mass of Cossacks did not dare to engage in battle. At the Arbat Gate, Poles breached the wooden fortifications and pressed into the city. They were stopped by a detachment of German mercenaries. Around them rallied the other soldiers, and in the evening the Poles were pushed out of the fortification.
Aftermath.
The failure of the assault meant the collapse of the hopes of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth government to occupy the Russian throne with a Polish protege. Nevertheless, the position of the Russian government was extremely difficult. Polish-Lithuanian troops and Zaporozhian Cossacks kept dozens of towns and fortresses and continued to threaten the capital and major centers (Yaroslavl and Kaluga). The Battle of Mozhaysk demonstrated that the Russian army could not reverse the course of the war in their favor. This forced the Russian government to accept the difficult conditions of the Truce of Deulino.

</doc>
<doc id="56820853" url="?curid=56820853" title="List of shipwrecks in January 1843">
List of shipwrecks in January 1843

The list of shipwrecks in January 1843 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during January 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="56820858" url="?curid=56820858" title="European American Armory Corporation">
European American Armory Corporation


</doc>
<doc id="56820861" url="?curid=56820861" title="Volos railway station">
Volos railway station

Volos railway station () is a railway station in Volos, Greece. located within the city itself (close to the harbour). Opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). Today TrainOSE operates three daily local trains to Larissa. Previously Thessaly Railways oparted a narrow gage service to Mileai from Volos, however this service now starts and terminates from Ano Lechonia (12km from Volos).
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1884, an inauguration led by King George. The station building (and the line) was designed by the Italian Evaristo de Chirico, (father of Giorgio de Chirico) soon after the liberation of Central Greece from the Ottomans. Part of the station still functions in this picturesque 1884 structure, reminiscent of a stately home to some. The building, built between 1882 and 1883 under Evaristo De Chirico, served as the administrative headquarters of the Thessaly Railways. The building remains much the same the day it was constructed and is one of the few buildings that survived the earthquakes that hit Volos in the 1950s. Its roof is birch and has a wooden outline. Outside the station there is a statue of the goddess Athena, the work of the Italian sculptor I. Previsan.
In 1955 Thessaly Railways was absorbed into Hellenic State Railways (SEK). In 1960 the line from Larissa to Volos was converted to standard gauge and connected though Larissa to the mainline from Athens to Thessaloniki, allowing OSE to run through services to Volos from Athens and Thessaloniki. Volos station was converted to dual gauge, in order to accommodate trains of the two branches. Parts of the station and the track towards the city center were at this period of a unique triple-gauge system: standard gauge for Larissa trains, metre gauge for Kalambaka trains and gauge for Pellon trains. In 1970 OSE became the legal successor to the SEK, taking over responsibilities for most of Greece's rail infrastructure.
In 2009, with the Greek debt crisis unfolding OSE's Management was forced to reduce services across the network. Timetables were cutback and routes closed, as the government-run entity attempted to reduce overheads. In 2017 OSE's passenger transport sector was privatised as TrainOSE, currently, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane infrastructure, including stations, remained under the control of OSE.
The section from Volos to Agria line was operated as a heritage railway by "The Friends of Pelion Railway" between 1987 and 1994, but OSE forced them to terminate the operation in a row over competition. However, in 1996 OSE reopened the section from Ano Lechonia to Mileai as a heritage railway, initially using steam traction and converting to diesel traction in 1999. However, there is currently no connection between Volos and Ano Lekhonia.
Today the first floor of the station building is given over to a museum.
Facilities.
The station is staffed, with a cafe in the station. There are toilets and parking onsite. Local and regional buses stop in the forecourt. 
Services.
Today, the city is served by direct lines to the rest of Greece, via Larissa and the railway complex houses facilities for train maintenance. Volos is directly linked with Athens once per day, with Thessaloniki twice per day, and with Larissa 15 times a day. 
In the past Volos was served by railway lines of three different gauges, the metre gauge line of Thessaly Railways to Kalambaka, the standard gauge line to Larissa and the gauge line to Pelion. Remnants of triple gauge lines still exist near the station. Currently, the Pelion railway operates for touristic heritage service every Saturday, Sunday and public holiday from mid-April to the end of October from Ano Lehonia. The train runs every day during July and August and can be reached using the Volos–Lehonia-Platanidia bus line, currently no services call at Volos.

</doc>
<doc id="56820864" url="?curid=56820864" title="Michele Maccarone">
Michele Maccarone


</doc>
<doc id="56820866" url="?curid=56820866" title="Trish Dolman">
Trish Dolman

Trish Dolman is a Canadian film and television director and producer. She is most noted for her 2017 documentary film "Canada in a Day", for which she won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Direction in a Documentary Program at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018.
She is also the founder of Screen Sirens Pictures, a production studio based in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
Her other credits as a director include the documentary films "Ice Girls", "Exit Kingsway" and "", while her credits as a producer or executive producer include the feature films "Flower &amp; Garnet", "Year of the Carnivore", "Daydream Nation", "Foreverland", "Hector and the Search for Happiness", "Hello Destroyer" and "Indian Horse", the television documentary series "Girl Racers" and the television films "Pants on Fire", "Luna: Spirit of the Whale", "Reservation Soldiers" and "The Bridge".
Career.
Dolman founded Screen Siren Pictures in 1997, and produced its first short called "White Cloud, Blue Mountain" directed by Keith Behrman. In 2005 the production studio completed its first feature film "The Score" directed by Kim Collier. Screen Siren Pictures added Christine Haebler as a producer partner in 2009. The studio has produced an equal amount of documentaries and feature films with partnerships across Canada and in Europe.
Dolman sits as cochairman of the CFTPA's (Canadian Film and Television Production Association) "green team" that moderated the panel called “The Need to Go Green in the Production Sector" in Ottawa at the Prime Time conference in 2008. The committee encourages filmmakers use environmentally friendly ways to produce films. The panel session highlighted filmmakers that follow sustainable production best practices such as Brian Hamilton of Omni Film Productions on the CTV's dramatic series Robson Arms, as they encouraged public transiting or carpooling to the set and only printed on recycled paper. She also sits on the advisory committee for the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television.
Companies that Dolman has directed and produced for include: AETN, BBC, CBC, CTV, Global, TVO, Movie Central, TWN, W Channel, The Biography Channel, Discovery Channel, Vision TV, Knowledge Network, SCN, Odeon Films, Alliance Atlantis, Fireworks International and the National Film Board of Canada.
Collaborations.
Dolman has held producer roles in many of the feature films she has worked on. She has collaborated with many different directors and is stated to have co-production experience, as Christine Haebler (co-producer of Screen Siren Pictures) says, "Had she not had the co-production experience we couldn't have done it" referring to their film "Daydream Nation". During the pre-production phase of "Daydream Nation" both producers experienced shortcomings because the lead actor Scott Speedman fell through and funding partners dropped off. Dolman looked east for funding in Toronto and partnered with Film Farm and the film became a production of collaborations from the west coast to the east.
In 2017, Dolman co-produced "Indian Horse", a film based on the novel Indian Horse written by Richard Wagamese. Director Stephen Campanelli brought a cut of the film to Hollywood and showed his business partner Clint Eastwood. Eastwood later signed on to be the executive producer of the film.
Dolman has continued to collaborate with other directors and filmmaking professionals. She encourages partnerships amongst provinces, "Co-productions give you access to the whole country's talent which helps to get films seen," says the producer in an interview.
Awards and Honours.
In 2003, Keith Behram received several Genie nominations and won Best Feature Film by First-Time Director for "Flower &amp; Garnet" produced by Trish Dolman. Dolman was also the youngest recipient of the Woman of the Year award from Women in Film and Television and Video Vancouver in 2003. In the same year "Ice Girls" directed by Dolman collected three Leo Awards for Best Director, Best Editor and Best Program in the sports category. The first feature film produced by Screen Siren Pictures "The Score" was nominated for two Genie Awards in 2005. In 2010, Dolman was named one of the 100 Most Influential Women in British Columbia by the Vancouver Sun. In 2012", Daydream Nation" directed by Michael Goldbach was nominated for four Leo Awards and won Best Cinematography in a Theatrical Film. Dolman later went on to win a Canadian Screen Award for Best Director for "Canada In A Day" in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56820871" url="?curid=56820871" title="Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman">
Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman

Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56820882" url="?curid=56820882" title="Neferukayet">
Neferukayet

Neferukayet was an ancient Egyptian princess and queen of the Eleventh Dynasty. Her name is only known from her steward Rediukhnum's stela, which was found in Dendera (now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, CG 20543). She is possibly identical with the mother of Intef III, whose name was Neferu. Neferukayet also bore the titles "king's daughter" "(z3.t-nỉsw.t)," "king's beloved wife" "(ḥm.t-nỉsw.t mrỉỉ.t=f)" and "royal ornament" "(ẖkr.t-nỉsw.t)," based on this, she was likely the daughter of Intef I and the wife of Intef II. Furthermore, in the tomb of king Intef III was found a relief fragment naming a woman called Neferukau. Silke Roth argued that Neferukau is just a different writing for the name Neferukayet. Neferu would be just a short version of the name Neferukau/Neferukayet.

</doc>
<doc id="56820891" url="?curid=56820891" title="Huobi Group">
Huobi Group


</doc>
<doc id="56820897" url="?curid=56820897" title="Tropical Storm Karina (disambiguation)">
Tropical Storm Karina (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56820898" url="?curid=56820898" title="Joseph Garibaldi">
Joseph Garibaldi

Joseph Garibaldi (12 May 1863, Marseille - 6 May 1941, Marseille) was a French painter, specializing in cityscapes and coastal scenes.
Biography.
His father, an employee of the Noilly Prat distillery, was originally from Italy. Louis Prat, one of the firm's owners, noticed that Joseph had artistic talent and convinced his father to let him be enrolled at the . A visit from the famous artist, Antoine Vollon, was decisive. Under his influence and advice, Garibaldi held his first exhibit at the Salon. They also became close friends, and he would be a trusted assistant during Vollon's final illness.
He would exhibit regularly at the Salon from 1884 to 1914; receiving a second-class medal in 1897. He specialized in scenes of coastal ports, including Cassis, which he visited from 1884 to 1899, and La Ciotat, but his favorite would always remain the Old Port of Marseille.
Until 1905, he benefitted greatly from the patronage of Baron Alphonse de Rothschild, who bought his paintings and donated them to provincial museums. In 1906, he exhibited landscapes at the and was awarded a travel grant to Tunisia the following year. For the remainder of his career, he received significant support from his friends Étienne Martin, José Silbert and Édouard Crémieux who were, successively, the Directors of the Association des Artistes Marseillais.
Apart from brief trips to Venice and Corsica, he was content to remain in his home district. After World War I, he took advantage of accommodations that had been provided for him in Fos-sur-Mer. During the 1930s, he gradually developed glaucoma and was forced to stop painting.
Two major retrospectives have been held: "Les terres marines de Joseph Garibaldi" at Cassis in 2006, and "Joseph Garibaldi, le Midi paisible" at the of Marseille in 2012. His works may be seen at the , Musée des beaux-arts de Marseille and the .

</doc>
<doc id="56820900" url="?curid=56820900" title="Open access in Germany">
Open access in Germany

Open access to scholarly communication in Germany has evolved rapidly since the early 2000s. Publishers Beilstein-Institut, Copernicus Publications, De Gruyter, Knowledge Unlatched, Leibniz Institute for Psychology Information, ScienceOpen, Springer Nature, and belong to the international Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
Policy.
The legal basis for authors choosing open access publishing lies in Section 12 of the German (Copyright Act), which covers Urheberrecht (authors' rights).
All major German research institutions have signed the 2003 Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities, including the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, , Fraunhofer Society, German Rectors' Conference, and Max Planck Society.
"The Federal Ministry of Education and Research released its open access strategy paper entitled "Open Access in Germany" on September 20, 2016 which contains a clear commitment to the principles of open access and open science.
Journals.
Open access journals can be found on digital platforms such as Copernicus Publications (headquartered in Göttingen), , , and Living Reviews.
Repositories.
There are a number of collections of scholarship in Germany housed in digital open access repositories. They contain journal articles, book chapters, data, and other research outputs that are free to read. As of March 2018 some 161 institutions in Germany maintain repositories, according to the UK-based Directory of Open Access Repositories.
Listings of German repositories can be found in the Germany-based registries "Bielefeld Academic Search Engine" (BASE) and "Deutsche Initiative für Netzwerkinformation" (DINI), and in international registries "Directory of Open Access Repositories" (OpenDOAR), "Registry of Open Access Repositories" (ROAR), and Open Archives Initiative's "OAI-PMH Registered Data Providers". Experts consider BASE the most comprehensive registry for Germany.
In 2012, German repositories with the highest number of digital assets were Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt's elib (46,136 items); ZBW – Leibniz-Informationszentrum Wirtschaft's EconStor (212,000 items); German Medical Science (41,753 items); Universität Bielefeld's PUB (32,695 items); and Alfred-Wegener-Institut's ePIC (29,480 items). "Most of Germany's open access repositories can be found in the most heavily populated Länder: North Rhine-Westphalia (27), Baden-Württemberg (28) and Bavaria (22)."
The upcoming 2019 "International Conference on Open Repositories" will be held in Hamburg.
Conferences and outreach.
Since the initial Berlin conference in 2003, follow-up conferences occur every year, often in Germany.
"Open-Access-Tage" (Open Access Days) have occurred annually since 2007 in various German-speaking locales, including Berlin, Dresden, Göttingen, Hamburg, Köln, Konstanz, Munich, Regensburg. The 2018 event will be held in Graz, Austria.
In 2007 several German institutions launched the general information website, "Open-access.net". The in 2008 initiated an effort to expand open access in order to "exhaust the potential of digital publishing."
Bielefeld University Library hosts the "Transparent Infrastructure for Article Charges" project, which covers article processing charges for publications of Germany and elsewhere. The project began around 2014.
Timeline.
Key events in the development of open access in Germany include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="56820901" url="?curid=56820901" title="Georgia Weston Morgan">
Georgia Weston Morgan

Georgia Weston Morgan (December 18, 1869 – December 4, 1951) was an American painter.
Born in Campbell County, Virginia, Morgan was the daughter of Robert Withers Morgan and grew up at the family estate, Centerview, in Lynchburg. In the 1890s she taught art in the local public schools before beginning more formal study in Lynchburg with Bernhard Gutmann, in 1895; she continued her lessons with Louise Jordan Smith. An alumna of Randolph-Macon Woman's College, she traveled to Paris for study at the Académie Julian. She began her teaching career as an art instructor at Lynchburg College in 1906; from 1915 until 1945 she chaired the art department at the same institution, during which time she traveled to Philadelphia and Gloucester, Massachusetts for further study. She continued living at Centerview with her mother in the 1910s and 1920s; according to family tradition she used the dependency behind the house as a studio during this time. In 1923, she and her mother's other heirs sold the house out of the family.
Active in civic affairs, Morgan was among the founders of the Lynchburg Civic Art League in 1932; four years later she was among those who worked to establish the Federal Art Gallery in the city, a project of the Works Progress Administration. She also served in other capacities locally, including a stint as vice-president of the Lynchburg Historical Society from 1933 until 1936. During her career Morgan was elected to the National Association of Women Painters and Sculptors. As an artist she produced mainly miniatures and landscapes, which she showed in galleries along the East Coast and at the Paris Salon. She had a reputation as a "Bohemian" for much of her life; one student recalled how she could frequently be found covered in paint, and it was noted that she kept her brushes in her hair to ensure she would remember where they were. At her death, she was memorialized in the local press as the "Dean of Lynchburg Artists". She is buried at Lynchburg's Spring Hill Cemetery.
A historical marker in Morgan's honor, in front of Centerview, was sponsored by Randolph College and erected under the auspices of the Virginia Department of Historic Resources in 2015; another marker in honor of her father was erected adjacent to it at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="56820908" url="?curid=56820908" title="Clara L. Brown Dyer">
Clara L. Brown Dyer

Clara L. Brown Dyer (March 13, 1849 – March 2, 1931) was an American artist who specialized in landscape painting. Also a reader and speaker, she was prominent in clubs and the social scenes of Maine, including being the organizer and president of the Maine branch of United States Daughters of 1812.
Family.
Clara L. Brown was born in Cape Elizabeth, Maine March 13, 1849. She was the daughter of Captain Peter Weare and Lucy A. (Jones) Brown. Her father, who was born February 11, 1818, son of Jacob and Lucy (Pierce) Brown, was a master mariner, and spent a great part of his life at sea, often accompanied by his daughter. Jacob Brown, Dyer's paternal grandfather, was son of Lieutenant Peter Weare Brown and his wife, Eunice Braun, grandson of Major Jacob, Jr., and Lydia (Weare) Brown, and great-grandson of Jacob Brown, Sr., and his wife Mary.
Major Jacob Brown, Jr., of North Yarmouth, Maine, served in the American Revolutionary War in Colonel Edmund Phinney's regiment (Thirty-first) in 1775 and 1776, entering service April 24, 1775. His name appears in a list of officers recommended by the Council, October 6, 1757, to be commissioned by General George Washington. Later, he was First Major, Colonel Jonathan Mitchell's (Cumberland County) regiment, July 6, 1777, to September 25, 1779, expedition against Penobscot. He married July 13, 1743, Lydia, daughter of Captain Peter and Sarah (Felt) Weare.
Peter Weare Brown, Sr., was a private in Captain John Worthley's company. Colonel K. Phinney's regiment, May 8, 1775, to July 6, 1775; early in 1770 was Ensign in Captain Nathan Walker's company; promoted to Second Lieutenant, April 15, 1776, and served until December 31, 1776. He enlisted July 1, 1778, in Captain Benjamin Lemont's company, Colonel Nathaniel Wade's regiment, and served six months and twelve days in Rhode Island. He died February 28, 1830.
Dyer's mother, Lucy Jones Brown, was born November 25, 1822, daughter of Cyrus and Rebecca (Tyler) Jones. During the War of 1812, Cyrus Jones, Dyer's maternal grandfather, helped to defend Portland, Maine. He also carried a load of specie in a four-ox team in the winter time from Portland to Canada for the government. On September 2, 1817, he was commissioned by Governor John Brooks, Captain of a company in the Third Regiment of Infantry, First Brigade, Twelfth Division, of the militia of Massachusetts. His grandson, Cyrus Jones Brown, brother of Dyer, served twenty months in the United States Navy in the American Civil War.
Rebecca Tyler, wife of Cyrus Jones and grandmother of Dyer, was born June 25, 1795. She was daughter of John Tyler, of Pownal, Maine, and his wife, Lucy Trickey, who belonged to one of the old families of York County. John Tyler, father of Rebecca, was son of Captain Abraham Tyler, of Scarborough, Maine, a Revolutionary soldier and pensioner.
Abraham Tyler raised his own company and marched in response to the Lexington alarm, serving as Captain in the Eighteenth Continental Regiment during the siege of Boston and the Ticonderoga campaign of 1776, also in Colonel Thomas Poor's regiment, May 15, 1778, to February 17, 1779. His son, Abraham Tyler, Jr., enlisted in 1781 for three years in Captain John Brooks's company, Seventh Regiment.
James Tyler, father of Captain Abraham Tyler, is said to have come to Scarborough, from Cape Porpoise (Arundel) in 1718. James Tyler died in Scarborough in 1749. He was survived by his wife Phebe, sons Abraham and Royal, and two daughters. He is believed to have been the James Tyler who was born May 7, 1685, son of Moses and Prudence Tyler (town records, Andover, Massachusetts).
Moses Tyler, of Andover and Boxford (son of Jot)'), and Prudence Blake were married in July, 1666.
Job Tyler, father of Moses, was reputed to have been the first settler of Andover, Massachusetts. A monument erected to his memory in North Andover was dedicated by the Tyler Family Association in September, 1901.
Captain Abraham Tyler, of Scarborough, is said to have resided in Andover before the death of his father. He lived to the age of one hundred years. He held many public offices in Scarborough.
Several of her uncles were wood carvers and excelled in decorative work.
Career.
Artist.
In 1880, Dyer took up the study of drawing and painting, in which arts she has risen to much prominence. A brief sketch of the results of the first years of her work appeared in "A Woman of the Century". She was a most enthusiastic and persevering student, having taken a thorough course in an art school under able instructors from abroad. She paid considerable attention to portrait painting, but is seen at her best in landscapes. Some of these appeared on the walls of the Boston Art Club in four successive years. Her work was represented at all the exhibitions of the Portland Society of Art. One of her landscapes was thus mentioned: "The live, graceful treatment of the long ranks of willows, the shadowy foreground, contrasting with the airy, sunlighted middle distance, all suggest the great French master, Corot"; again, "The work is strong, showing almost a masculine touch." Of the three pictures that she exhibited at the Midwinter Fair in San Francisco, a critic said, "The man who painted these pictures knew his Inisiness." She made many fine sketches of the scenery about Casco Bay. She added to her collection some excellent sketches of mountain and inland scenery. Some of her studies, which were exhibited in Boston, Portland, and other cities, were highly praised by critics, as well as the general public.
She made many sketches while in the Sierras and Yosemite Valley. She devoted much time to teaching, being instructor of drawing and painting at Westbrook Seminary, Portland. Dyer passed the summer of 1902 in Europe, visiting the art galleries and the British Museum in London, the Louvre and Luxembourg in Paris, the Vatican in Rome, also galleries in Florence, Venice, Naples, Milan, Amsterdam, and the Hague. After her return, she produced from her sketches many interesting pictures of Venice and Holland.
Dyer was among the first members of the Society of Art and the Portland Art League. In 1890, she was elected a member of the executive and special committees. Much of her work was copied to illustrate art catalogues. She proved herself generous by giving paintings to increase by their sale the funds of needy societies.
Lecturer, reader.
As Dyer was well drilled in elocution and in parliamentary usage, she became a power in the club work of Portland. She served as president of the Faneuil Club and also of the Mutual Improvement Club, and was a member of the Civic, Cresco, and Conklin Class. For two years, she was chair of the Schoolroom Decoration Committee, and while working in this line gave a lecture in "Across the Sierras to the Yosemite," which received favorable comments by the press, and added to the fund. As a member of the Literary Union, she took part in the exercises of two of the educational afternoons, one devoted to art, the other to travel, speaking, as she always did, entirely without notes. At the time of the Spanish–American War, she served on the executive committee of the Volunteer Aid Association, which did effectual work. In the year 1900, she was Vice-President at large of the Woman's Council.
In 1900, Dyer organized the National Society of United States Daughters of 1812, State of Maine, of which she served as President. She also was Vice-President of the National Society.
Personal life.
In December, 1870, she married Charles A. Dyer, then a successful merchant of Portland, Maine, who later engaged in gold-mining in California. 
He was the son of James and Lucy W. (Cushing) Dyer. Mr. Dyer's paternal grandfather, Paul Dyer, of Cape Elizabeth, was a soldier of the Revolutionary War. Mr. Dyer's mother died in 1899, aged ninety-five years. She was a daughter of Ezekiel and Thankful (Woodbury) Cushing and granddaughter of Colonel Ezekiel Cushing.
Mr. and Mrs. Dyer had a daughter who died young. There was one son, James Franklin Dyer. He was graduated from Brown University with the degree of A.B. in 1899, and then studied law at the New York Law School.
The Dyer home after their marriage was in Portland.
She married secondly, Jerry Foster, eventually becoming widowed. She died on March 2, 1931 having been sick for two years before.

</doc>
<doc id="56820910" url="?curid=56820910" title="Tadashi Morimura">
Tadashi Morimura


</doc>
<doc id="56820923" url="?curid=56820923" title="Perekop-Chongar operation">
Perekop-Chongar operation


</doc>
<doc id="56820929" url="?curid=56820929" title="Aisha Rateb Soad">
Aisha Rateb Soad


</doc>
<doc id="56820935" url="?curid=56820935" title="Lalla Aicha bint Muhammed">
Lalla Aicha bint Muhammed


</doc>
<doc id="56820940" url="?curid=56820940" title="Antonina Gmurzynska">
Antonina Gmurzynska


</doc>
<doc id="56820943" url="?curid=56820943" title="Without Mercy (1925 silent film)">
Without Mercy (1925 silent film)


</doc>
<doc id="56820945" url="?curid=56820945" title="Luteipulveratus halotolerans">
Luteipulveratus halotolerans

Luteipulveratus halotolerans is a bacterium from the genus of "Luteipulveratus" which has been isolated from forest soil from Sarawak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="56820954" url="?curid=56820954" title="Cardston-Siksika">
Cardston-Siksika

Cardston-Siksika is a new provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district was one of 87 districts mandated to return a single member (MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first past the post method of voting. It was contested for the first time in the 2019 Alberta election.
Geography.
The district is located in southern Alberta, stretching from Namaka (east of Calgary) to the border with Montana. It contains all of Vulcan County, the northern portions of Lethbridge County and MD of Taber which includes Vauxhall and Hays, and all of Cardston County, as well as the Treaty 7 reserves of the Kainai and Siksika nations.
History.
The district was created in 2017 when the Electoral Boundaries Commission recommended reducing the number of districts in southern Alberta due to relatively slow population growth. The creation of "Cardston/Siksika", was the final boundary change for the new riding. The first suggestion of the Boundary Commission was the "Taber/Vulcan" riding which extended from north of Vulcan to the Canada/U.S border, east to the Alberta/Saskatchewan border, north to Medicine Hat and west to the Bow River. Little Bow MLA Dave Schneider presented at all Boundary Commission meetings that Taber/Vulcan was much too large. The final review resulted in a change of the boundaries of the proposed riding to the present "Cardston/Siksika" riding.

</doc>
<doc id="56820956" url="?curid=56820956" title="James Dowley">
James Dowley

James Dowley (also known as Dooley) (died 1684) was an Irish Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Limerick from 1720 to 1737.
Biography.
James Dowley studied in Paris during the 1630s. After his return to Limerick as priest he was appointed chancellor and vicar-general by bishop O'Dwyer. After the 1651 Siege of Limerick he escaped to Spain. He remained in the service of Baltasar Cardinal Moscoso y Sandoval. In Toledo he came to know the Kerry Dominican and distinguished historian Dominic O'Daly OP. he gave a first hand account of the siege to O'Daly. Dowley moved to Rome in 1655 where he unsuccessfully sought the office of Vicar Apostolic of Limerick. Instead he became rector of the College of the Neophytes. Amongst the distinguished Irish ecclesiastics present in Rome at this time were Oliver Plunkett and John Brennan.
On 19 1669 Dowley was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Limerick. Despite initial hesitation about the appointment which was expressed to William Burgat the clergy of the diocese accepted Dowley. After his arrival in the diocese he endeavoured to visit every church and sent a report to Rome. The diocese was judged to be in good shape despite not having a bishop for fifteen years. Douley was consecrated bishop on 19 August 1677 with the principal consecrator being his old Roman friend John Brenan who assisted by Bishop Creagh of Cork and James Phelan of Ossory. Dowley's episcopate was dominated by the so-called Popish Plot a period of anti-Catholic hysteria that made any activity as a bishop dangerous. In 1678 he was released by the authorities under surety due to his ill health but he continued to act as bishop throughout. he died in 1684.

</doc>
<doc id="56820959" url="?curid=56820959" title="Ganghaju">
Ganghaju


</doc>
<doc id="56820960" url="?curid=56820960" title="Jordan Trail">
Jordan Trail

Jordan Trail is a long hiking trail in Jordan established in 2015 by the Jordan Trail Association.
History.
The oldest trail in Jordan was an ancient trade route that is known today as the "King's Highway", which spanned from Egypt to Syria passing by Jordan. Moses, Jesus and Muhammad are believed to have walked along what is now the Jordan Trail.
The idea of a hiking trail stretching across Jordan was first introduced in the 1990s when Wadi Rum came to be seen as a hot spot for rock climbing. The idea only received momentum and funding when the Jordan Trail Association was established in 2015. Volunteers and donors from the private sector contributed to the development of Jordan's first national hiking trail. Queen Rania joined a group of travel bloggers in 2017 for a short hike.
The Trail.
The trail has been described as the "Inca Trail of the Middle East" by numerous travel agencies. The trail will be beneficial to Jordan's tourism sector as it begins to recover from the slump it witnessed due to regional turmoil in the early 2010s from the Arab Spring.
The trail stretches from Umm Qais in northern Jordan to the coastal city of Aqaba in its south. The trail passes through 52 villages and towns, but the trail has been dissected to 35 sections. The entire length of the trail takes around 40 days to complete. 
The trail received extensive media coverage after its inception, and has been named as among 2018's best tourist destinations in the world to visit by "National Geographic", the British Sunday Times, the Guardian, Condenast, Vogue US and Lonely Planet.

</doc>
<doc id="56820962" url="?curid=56820962" title="Echo, California (disambiguation)">
Echo, California (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56820963" url="?curid=56820963" title="Sinseon-ju">
Sinseon-ju


</doc>
<doc id="56820965" url="?curid=56820965" title="Sinseonju">
Sinseonju


</doc>
<doc id="56820967" url="?curid=56820967" title="Yak-soju">
Yak-soju


</doc>
<doc id="56820968" url="?curid=56820968" title="Yaksoju">
Yaksoju


</doc>
<doc id="56820976" url="?curid=56820976" title="Viking Guitar">
Viking Guitar


</doc>
<doc id="56820978" url="?curid=56820978" title="Luteipulveratus mongoliensis">
Luteipulveratus mongoliensis

Luteipulveratus mongoliensis is a bacterium from the genus of "Luteipulveratus" which has been isolated from soil from the Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="56820987" url="?curid=56820987" title="Janelle Reiring">
Janelle Reiring


</doc>
<doc id="56820993" url="?curid=56820993" title="Georges Villiers">
Georges Villiers

Georges Villiers (15 June 1899 – 13 April 1982) was a French mining engineer who was Mayor of Lyon during World War II (1939–45), then was deported to Dachau.
After the war for many years he was head of the national employers association.
Early years.
Georges Villiers was born in Charbonnières-les-Bains, Lyon, on 15 June 1899.
He attended the Lycée Ampère and the Lycée Parc for his secondary education, and then student at the École des mines of Saint-Étienne.
He joined the Société de Constructions métalliques Derobert et Cie as a research engineer.
He was made director of its successor, the Société Constructions métalliques et Entreprises.
This was a family firm with 700 workers, large in comparison to most French companies at the time.
In 1936 he was appointed president of the Chambre syndicale de la métallurgie du Rhône.
World War II.
During World War II, Édouard Herriot was dismissed from his office as mayor of Lyon.
In May 1941 Villiers went to Vichy to defend the independence of the Lyon city council.
François Darlan assured him it would be maintained, and offered him the position of mayor.
Villiers consulted with Herriot and then accepted.
As mayor he protected Resistance fighters and Jews.
Later, after the French "zone libre" was occupied by the Germans, on 10 November 1942 Vichy removed the many elements hostile to the Germans from the city council, including Villiers.
Pierre Bertrand, a Lyon surgeon, was appointed to replace Villiers on 10 February 1943.
André Boutemy worked with Villiers while he was mayor.
After being dismissed Villiers joined a Resistance network, and was later arrested by the Gestapo.
Boutemy saved Villiers from being executed by a German firing squad.
Instead he was deported to the Dachau concentration camp.
His fellow prisoners spoke with admiration of his deportment in Dachau.
He was liberated in April 1945.
Later career.
After the war Henri Lafond worked with Pierre Ricard, leader of the foundry association, and Henri Davezac to form the Conseil national du patronat français (CNPF).
The CNPF represented French employers, with Villiers as the first president.
Villiers was president of the CNPF from 1946 to 1966.
Despite his comparatively modest background compared with other industrial leaders, Villiers was greatly respected and had considerable power.
Some thought that he was under the thumbs of Ricard, but the CNPF archives show that the reverse was true.
Villiers stayed in office for many years after Ricard had died.
In 1955 there was a major strike in the Saint-Nazaire shipyards including occupation of the works.
Concessions made by some employers were seen by the "patronat" as a betrayal of the business community.
Villiers said, "if we do not manage to stop the slogan that the 22 per cent [pay rise] accepted in one place can be accepted esewhere, the economy of the country is finished.
The Centre d'Études Economiques (CEE) was established in 1945 as a vehicle for distributing funds from industry to political parties.
Boutemey and Maurice Brulfer headed the CEE, which gave funding to the right-wing Republican Party of Liberty (PRL).
Boutemy worked with Georges Villiers as president of the CNPF.
The CNPF was closely associated with the CEE, although Villiers would not attend meetings at the CEE offices since he did not want to appear involved in politics.
Villiers was president of the Confederation of European Business from 1961 to 1962.
Villiers died in Paris on 13 April 1982.
Publications.
Publications by Georges Villiers included:

</doc>
<doc id="56820994" url="?curid=56820994" title="Louisville High School (Mississippi)">
Louisville High School (Mississippi)

Louisville High School (LHS) is a public secondary school in Louisville, Mississippi, United States. It hosts grades 9–12. Its mascot is the wildcat.

</doc>
<doc id="56820998" url="?curid=56820998" title="Patricia Montero">
Patricia Montero

Patricia Montero (born 22 August 1997) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player.
She is part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team. 
She participated in the 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix.
She played for the University of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="56821003" url="?curid=56821003" title="Leoforos Alexandras">
Leoforos Alexandras


</doc>
<doc id="56821017" url="?curid=56821017" title="Strokkers">
Strokkers

Strokkers is a Spanish children's animated series produced by Neptuno Films in 2002. It was created by Josep Viciana and designed by Roman Rybakiewicz (both of whom were also involved in production for another Netpuno Films series "Connie the Cow").
The series parodies a B movie and focuses on a group of high school boys who are abducted by an alien spaceship. Teaming up together as superheroes called Strokkers, the boys set out on an adventure to save the world and defeat exaggerated monsters (such as The Blob and the Monster of the Abyss) with their superhero powers, especially one of the boys blasting a huge fart against a robot army.

</doc>
<doc id="56821019" url="?curid=56821019" title="Michael Weiss (composer)">
Michael Weiss (composer)


</doc>
<doc id="56821024" url="?curid=56821024" title="Rudaeicoccus">
Rudaeicoccus

Rudaeicoccus is a Gram-positive genus of bacteria from the family of Dermacoccaceae with one known species ("Rudaeicoccus suwonensis"). "Rudaeicoccus suwonensis" has been isolated from the roots of the orchid "Phalaenopsis".
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56821027" url="?curid=56821027" title="Dennis Hadley Currie">
Dennis Hadley Currie

Dennis Hadley Currie (22 July 1874 – 26 March 1928) was a United States military officer. He was mainly involved with the United States Artillery and served in various parts of the country, as well as during the U.S. occupation of Veracruz (1914).
Early life and education.
Currie was born on 22 July 1874 to Angus Currie and his wife in Glen Rose, Texas. He attended Glen Rose High School and later a nearby small college. In 1901, he graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point. Currie was also a graduate of the Infantry and Cavalry School (1907) and Army Staff College (1908) at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
Military career.
After graduating from West Point, Currie was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Artillery Corps (later known as the Field Artillery) on 2 February 1901. A few years later, he advanced to first lieutenant in 1905 and then captain of the 3rd Field Artillery in 1911. Most of Currie's career was spent within the artillery and he was posted at various military posts during 1908-1917, including: Fort Sheridan in Illinois, Fort Sam Houston in Texas, Fort Sill in Oklahoma and the Schofield Barracks in Hawaii. Between 1911-1912, Currie served as inspector-instructor of the Militia in Colorado, Utah, California and Oregon. On December 23, 1913 he joined the Signal Corps, serving as a commander from 1914-1915 in Texas City, Texas and Vera Cruz, Mexico. Later on 3 October 1917, Currie became part of the General Staff and was stationed in both Washington, D.C., and France until 15 May 1918, when he was promoted to colonel of field artillery of the National Army. A few months later, Currie was promoted to brigadier general on 1 October 1918. He retired due to a disability on 31 December 1922. Towards the end of his career Currie returned to Fort Sill, where he was commandant of the Field Artillery School, which he also helped organize and initiate.
Personal life and death.
Currie was married and had two children, son William Ross Curie and daughter Annie Virginia Currie. He suffered from an illness throughout his life, which delayed his graduation from West Point. This illness also caused his early retirement and eventually contributed to Currie's early death at the age of 53 in Piedmont, California on 26 March 1928. He was buried at the San Francisco National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56821035" url="?curid=56821035" title="States of Mexico">
States of Mexico


</doc>
<doc id="56821046" url="?curid=56821046" title="Orestiada railway station">
Orestiada railway station

Orestiada railway station (), is a railway station that serves the town of Orestiada, in Evros, in Eastern Macedonia and Thrace, Greece. Located from the center of Orestiada, on the eastern edge of the town. The station was open by OSE in 1996, at a cost of €4.5 million. Today TrainOSE operates just 4 daily Regional trains to Alexandroupoli. The station is unstaffed however there are waiting rooms available.
History.
The station was built the mid-1990s, to replace an older station (built in 1928), and officially inaugurated on 16 September 1996. At the time, the line saw a large amount of commercial and passenger traffic and was the fourth busiest and third largest station in Northern Greece. In 2009, with the Greek debt crisis unfolding OSE's Management was forced to reduce services across the network. Timetables were cutback and routes closed, as the government-run entity attempted to reduce overheads. Services from Orestiada to Alexandroupoli were cut back to three trains a day, reducing the reliability of services, and passenger numbers. With passenger footfall in sharp decline, the station building was closed, and mothballed, less than 15 years after it first opened. On 11 February 2011, all cross border routes were closed and international services (to Istanbul, Sofia, etc.) were ended. Thus, only two routes now connect Orestiada with Thessaloniki and Athens (and those with a connection to Alex / Polis), while route time increased as the network was "upgraded". Services to/from Ormenio were replaced by bus. The route time increased and reached by 2014 up to 2 hours 20 mins for Alexandroupolis and 9 hours for Thessaloniki. 
With usage down, the station suffered repeated attacks from vandalism, with the station clock and the Greek flag stolen, and the walls covered in graffiti. The canopies became shelters for immigrants entering from Turkey, the overpass filled syringes, even some broken windows and benches. However, the main building was left secured.
In 2014, the station building was refurbished and reopened after being closed for 3 years.
Facilities.
The station is (as of 2020) unstaffed, however the waiting rooms remain open. The entrance is equipped with wheelchair ramps and parking in the forecourt.
Services.
, the station is only served by two daily pairs of regional trains Alexandroupoli–Ormenio. The station is served by long distance KTEL bus’s.

</doc>
<doc id="56821052" url="?curid=56821052" title="Jannaṫul-Baqī‘">
Jannaṫul-Baqī‘


</doc>
<doc id="56821076" url="?curid=56821076" title="List of internal boundary disputes in the Philippines">
List of internal boundary disputes in the Philippines

The following is a list of territorial disputes between two or more local government units over an area in the Philippines. Section 118 of the Local Government Code of the Philippines provides mechanism to resolve boundary disputes among barangays, municipalities, cities, and provinces.

</doc>
<doc id="56821083" url="?curid=56821083" title="Pat Methany Group">
Pat Methany Group


</doc>
<doc id="56821086" url="?curid=56821086" title="List of internal territorial disputes of the Philippines">
List of internal territorial disputes of the Philippines


</doc>
<doc id="56821087" url="?curid=56821087" title="Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Fiction Program or Series">
Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Fiction Program or Series

The Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Fiction Program or Series is an annual television award, presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to honour the year's best scripted children's television programming produced in Canada.
The award was first presented in 2002 as part of the Gemini Awards program. Prior to 2002, a single Gemini Award for Best Children's or Youth Program or Series was presented, inclusive of both fiction and non-fiction programming; in 2002, the award was split into separate categories for fiction and non-fiction programming.
Since 2013, the award has been presented as part of the Canadian Screen Awards.
Winners and nominees.
Due to the distinction between the former Gemini Awards, which were usually presented in the late fall of the same year that the awards were presented for, and the current Canadian Screen Awards, which are presented early in the following year, awards are listed below under the year of eligibility rather than the year of presentation.

</doc>
<doc id="56821091" url="?curid=56821091" title="List of barangay boundary disputes">
List of barangay boundary disputes


</doc>
<doc id="56821102" url="?curid=56821102" title="Nazli Gad-El-Mawla">
Nazli Gad-El-Mawla

Nazli Mohamed Gad-El-Mawla (1929 – 2001) was an Egyptian oncologist.
Educated at the University of Cairo, Nazli Gad-El-Mawla founded the Department of Medical Oncology at National Cancer Institute Egypt. She was Professor of Oncology there from 1977 to 1989. She was known particularly for her work in the chemotherapy of bilharzial bladder cancer, accounting for around a quarter of all cancer in Egypt, and in hematological malignancies.
The International Network for Cancer Treatment Research has established an award in her memory, the Nazli Gad-el-Mawla Award, for outstanding contributions to cancer control by individuals from countries with limited resources.

</doc>
<doc id="56821104" url="?curid=56821104" title="Legs For Literacy">
Legs For Literacy


</doc>
<doc id="56821109" url="?curid=56821109" title="Partita (Widmann)">
Partita (Widmann)

Partita, five reminiscences for large orchestra is a collection of musical pieces by Jörg Widmann. It was written for the 275th anniversary of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra in 2018.
History.
Widmann was appointed for the season 2017–2018 as the first "Gewandhauskomponist" (Gewandhaus composer). Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra and Boston Symphony Orchestra commissioned Partita in 2015 as part of the collaboration between both orchestras. The work was composed from 2017 to 2018 for the 275th anniversary of the Gewandhaus Orchestra.
Structure.
The five reminiscences, a partita, are:
Music.
The five pieces refer to the musical history of Leipzig and Boston. All movements begin with woodwinds. The whole concept of Partita is to link the music of Bach and Mendelssohn. The first reminiscence is influenced by Bach, Bruckner, and Wagner. A bass clarinet solo, playing an endless melody line, dominates the opening, followed by a section with Wagner tubas. The expansionary prelude leads to a first dance of the orchestra, a brief gigue. The second reminiscence Andante cites Mendelssohn's Clarinet Sonata (2nd movement), but starts with an English horn solo.
Mendelssohn was the "Gewandhauskapellmeister" from 1835 to 1847. Woodwind figures open the third movement of neo-Baroque ancestry. Widmann cites in the Divertimento the Bach cantata "Tue Rechnung! Donnerwort, BWV 168". The fourth reminiscence, Sarabande, contains bassoons whimpering in highest register. The last reminiscence, a chaconne, starts with a modern decatonic scale, played by an alto flute. The final movement leads to a "joyful, ecstatic" coda.
Performances.
Partita was premiered at the Gewandhaus in Leipzig on 8 March 2018. Andris Nelsons conducted the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra. The concert was repeated on 11 March 2018, the 275th birthday of the orchestra. The American premiere took place in Boston on 29 March 2018 with Nelsons conducting the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
Reception.
Peter Korfmacher of "Leipziger Volkszeitung" wrote: "overripe opulence" ("").

</doc>
<doc id="56821116" url="?curid=56821116" title="Erwin Koln-Korda">
Erwin Koln-Korda

Erwin Koln (Korda) (not to be confused with Erwin Kohn), was a male Czech international table tennis player. 
Table tennis career.
He won a bronze medal at the 1934 World Table Tennis Championships in the men's doubles with Miloslav Hamr. He also won two silver medals in the Swaythling Cup (men's team events) in 1933 and 1934.
He was from Eastern Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="56821120" url="?curid=56821120" title="Faiza Mohammed Al-Kharafi">
Faiza Mohammed Al-Kharafi


</doc>
<doc id="56821121" url="?curid=56821121" title="Kypseli railway station">
Kypseli railway station

Kypseli railway station () is a railway station in Kileler, Thessaly, Greece. Located 2.4km northeast of Kileler. Opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). Today TrainOSE operates fourteen daily local trains to Larissa and Volos.
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). The line was designed by the Italian Evaristo de Chirico, (father of Giorgio de Chirico) soon after the liberation of Central Greece from the Ottomans. "Kypseli" is a former name of Kileler. However the railway station retains the old name. In 1960 the line from Larissa to Volos was converted to standard gauge and connected at Larissa with the mainline from Athens to Thessaloniki, allowing OSE to run through services to Volos from Athens and Thessaloniki.
Facilities.
The station is little more than a halt, with only a small brick building near the raised tracks. There is no platform, and as such no real disabled access. The original Thessaly Railways building survives, but is no longer utilised. 
Services.
The station is served by fourteen local trains between Larissa and Volos.

</doc>
<doc id="56821138" url="?curid=56821138" title="Ammana">
Ammana

Ammana (IAST: Ammaṇa, r. c. 1270 CE) was a ruler of the Seuna (Yadava) dynasty of Deccan region in India. He succeeded his father Mahadeva, and remained on throne for a few months, before being overthrown by his cousin Ramachandra.
Ascension.
Ammana was a son and the successor of the Yadava king Mahadeva. Mahadeva had ascended the throne around 1261, after the death of his elder brother Krishna, probably because Krishna's son Ramachandra was a minor at the time. When Mahadeva died around 1270, Ammana became the new king, but Ramachandra contested his claim to the throne. The general public and important officers of the Yadava kingdom probably saw Ramachandra as the rightful heir. This is evident from the fact that courtiers Hemadri and Tikkama, who had been loyal to Mahadeva, supported Ramachandra instead of Ammana.
The Purushottamapuri copper-plate inscription of Ramachandra refer to some military achievements of Ammana, but given the short duration of Ammana's reign, this description can be ignored as historically unreliable.
Overthrow.
Ammana was a pleasure-loving man, who was fond of dance and music. Ramachandra overthrew him sometime in the second half of 1271 CE. According to an inscription of Ramachandra, he and his followers entered the Devagiri fort, disguising themselves as actors, and arranged a performance before Ammana. During the performance, they suddenly unmasked themselves, and seized Ammana and his supporters.
This account is also supported by literary texts such as "Bhanuvilasa" (a Mahanubhava text) and "Nagadeva-Charita" of Parashurama-Vyasa. According to the Mahanubhava texts, Ramachandra blinded Ammana. Parashurama Vyasa's "Nagadeva-Charita" states that Ramachandra killed Ammana, and that Ramachandra's ultimate defeat against the Muslims was a result of this sin. The veracity of this claim is doubtful, since the other texts only mention the blinding, not the killing. Ammana may have died a natural death in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="56821141" url="?curid=56821141" title="1892 United States presidential election in Florida">
1892 United States presidential election in Florida

The 1892 United States presidential election in Florida took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. Florida voters chose four electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Background.
This election marks the end of Reconstruction and the beginning of Jim Crow-era politics in Florida. This change had been proposed as early as 1884, but the anti-Southern animus of the Harrison regime meant that Florida's large landowners felt the disfranchisement of blacks had become urgent. A poll tax was introduced in 1889 as were the so-called “Myers” and “Dortch” laws which required voters in more populous settlements to register their voting precincts. This dramatically cut voter registration amongst blacks and poorer whites, almost halving the number of votes cast. Since Florida completely lacked upland or German refugee whites opposed to secession, its Republican Party between 1872 and 1888 was entirely dependent upon black votes. Thus this disfranchisement of blacks and poor whites by a poll tax introduced in 1889 left Florida as devoid of Republican adherents as Louisiana, Mississippi or South Carolina.
Thus, Florida's few remaining Republicans decided not to put up presidential electors and urged their supported to back Populist James B. Weaver, creating the first case where an incumbent President standing for re-election has not been on all state's ballots. Weaver thought he had “magnificent” chances in the impoverished South, and campaigned heavily there. but as it turned out the halving of the electorate meant he could gain very little support. Weaver was not helped by his controversial decision to take a woman – Mary Lease – on his campaigns, as the South thought any political involvement degraded womanhood. Weaver did nonetheless win counties in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, and Texas.
Vote.
Florida was won in a landslide by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois. Weaver took what remained of the Negro Republican vote, but gained less than 14%; nonetheless this is one of only five times in Florida that a candidate other than a Republican or Democrat got over 10% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="56821149" url="?curid=56821149" title="Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Non-Fiction Program or Series">
Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Non-Fiction Program or Series

The Canadian Screen Award for Best Children's or Youth Non-Fiction Program or Series is an annual television award, presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to honour the year's best non-fiction television programming for children produced in Canada.
The award was first presented in 2002 as part of the Gemini Awards program. Prior to 2002, a single Gemini Award for Best Children's or Youth Program or Series was presented, inclusive of both fiction and non-fiction programming; in 2002, the award was split into separate categories for fiction and non-fiction programming.
Since 2013, the award has been presented as part of the Canadian Screen Awards.
Winners and nominees.
Due to the distinction between the former Gemini Awards, which were usually presented in the late fall of the same year that the awards were presented for, and the current Canadian Screen Awards, which are presented early in the following year, for consistency awards are listed below under the year of eligibility rather than the year of presentation.

</doc>
<doc id="56821151" url="?curid=56821151" title="Chorągiew (military unit)">
Chorągiew (military unit)


</doc>
<doc id="56821158" url="?curid=56821158" title="Cemetery of Bab as-Saghir">
Cemetery of Bab as-Saghir


</doc>
<doc id="56821166" url="?curid=56821166" title="Robert Williams (rower)">
Robert Williams (rower)


</doc>
<doc id="56821175" url="?curid=56821175" title="HODL">
HODL


</doc>
<doc id="56821177" url="?curid=56821177" title="HOAT">
HOAT


</doc>
<doc id="56821179" url="?curid=56821179" title="2016–17 Cyprus Basketball Division B">
2016–17 Cyprus Basketball Division B

The 2016–17 Cyprus Basketball Division B was the 29th season of the Cyprus Basketball Division B, the second-tier level men's professional basketball league on Cyprus.
Competition format.
Nine teams joined the regular season, where after a three-legs round-robin tournament, the six first qualified would join the playoffs for the promotion.
Regular season.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Playoffs.
Quarterfinals.
In the quarterfinals, teams playing against each other have to win two games to win the series. Thus, if one team wins two games before all three games have been played, the remaining game is omitted. The team that finished in the higher regular season place, is going to play the first and the third (if necessary) game of the series at home.
Semifinals.
In the semifinals, teams playing against each other have to win three games to win the series. Thus, if one team wins three games before all five games have been played, the remaining games are omitted. The team that finished in the higher regular season place, is going to play the first, the third and the fifth (if necessary) game of the series at home.
Final.
In the finals, teams playing against each other have to win three games to win the series. Thus, if one team wins three games before all five games have been played, the remaining games are omitted. The team that finished in the higher regular season place, is going to play the first, the third and the fifth (if necessary) game of the series at home.

</doc>
<doc id="56821180" url="?curid=56821180" title="James C. Carter">
James C. Carter

James Coolidge Carter (1827–1905) was a New York City lawyer, a partner in the firm that eventually became Carter Ledyard &amp; Milburn, which he helped found in 1854.
Carter graduated from Harvard College in 1850 and Harvard Law School in 1853.
He was one of the founders and the first president of the National Civic League. 
In 1892, he was appointed one of the counsel to present the claims of the United States before the Bering Sea tribunal.
He died in New York City on February 14, 1905.
Political Mugwump.
Carter was an influential legal theorist among fellow Mugwumps. He deeply distrusted politicians and most elected officials. Instead he put his trust in disinterested experts, especially judges. He equated common law with custom, and his condemnation of legislation inconsistent with custom, reflected his Mugwumpism. He tried to synthesize traditional thinking with modernity. For example, Carter clung to support for active government intervention he learned from the antebellum Whigs, but he more and more embrace antigovernment positions typical of antebellum Jacksonians. He tried to synthesize traditional faith in timeless, objective moral principles with a more modern vision of evolving customary norms. Given growing problems of industrial urban society he saw the need for positive government but wanted judges to rule not politicians.

</doc>
<doc id="56821191" url="?curid=56821191" title="Armenian Rhapsody No. 2 (Op. 51)">
Armenian Rhapsody No. 2 (Op. 51)

Armenian Rhapsody No. 2 (Op. 51) was composed by Alan Hovhaness in 1944 during the portion of his life when he lived near Boston and began to reconnect with his Armenian roots. Hovhaness wrote this piece during his so-called "Armenian period" from 1943-1951, where he was heavily influenced by not only Armenian and other Middle Eastern music but also Indian music.
These three Armenian Rhapsodies were his first efforts in using his Armenian roots "as the source of a deeper and more individual creative voice." They are the only three pieces to include actual Armenian melodies from Armenian music (songs, dances, church chants, etc.). Critics have noted that these rhapsodies "display a sense of atmosphere and a fresh approach to modal polyphony that was not present in his earlier work." 
Hovhaness wrote three rhapsodies, each with an opus number that was largely uncorrelated; he had just begun attempting to order his works, and began numbering though he did not yet have a system.
Musical influences.
Hovhaness was influenced to write many of his pieces by nature as well as by Armenian musical tradition, especially Armenian liturgical music, which he played frequently beginning in 1942 when he was an organist at an Armenian church. His music was said to be "spiritually rooted in ancient, and often remote, mysticism." 
This piece in particular was one of the few pieces where Hovhaness actually incorporated Armenian melodic ideas that existed in Armenian dance, liturgical, and other music. While Hovhaness did rely on the "Armenian folk idiom," his pieces remained entirely unique and original, keeping with his voice and musical style while incorporating parts of Armenian musical tradition. It was said to be still of his "own construction," rather than being directly quoted and mimicked.
Hovhaness was also influenced by Byzantine as well as Baroque ideas, using both improvisatory and fugal, canonical structures in his writing. This improvisatory, Byzantine language became known as a 'spirit murmur' in the context of Hovhaness's pieces which consisted of improvisations across instruments contained within certain scales.
Music.
Hovhaness's pieces were often described as "[mixing] long, melismatic lines with Baroque-inspired counterpoint," with "several rhythmic pulses going on at once, and an individual and unpredictable sense of harmony." "Armenian Rhapsody No. 2" uses similar styles. Critics have described the piece as one that "develops into a series of at first decidedly un-nationalist fugues," with more typical classical natural minor scales used. Hovhaness then introduces Armenian motifs on top of those un-Armenian sounds, and critics note that "the Armenian influences eventually come to dominate the music before it stops rather abruptly."
This rhapsody represents Hovhaness trying to get back to his Armenian roots through the basis of traditional Armenian songs. This rhapsody is similar in work and style to Enescu and the musical model of Liszt in the way in draws on tradition and folk songs.
Techniques.
Hovhaness used a variety of techniques in his work to create this return to Armenian roots. First, he uses counterpoint and canons and fugues to interweave the two sounds together through overlaying the two melodies and motifs he creates in his work. Next, Hovhaness uses varying rhythmic pulses and rhythmic time (duples, triplets, etc.) to create a sense of confusion and chaos that could represent his feelings about returning to his Armenian roots after growing up in America, but it could also represent his attempt to create a sound where it is hard to tell which sound is which and if they are truly different. Though Hovhaness uses two distinctly different motifs, through the piece he overlays them and distorts them in different ways in order to create a unified sound that represents not just his return to his Armenian roots but perhaps his unification or his American and Armenian roots as well.
Performances/Recordings.
The most popular recording of this piece is by Gil Rose and the Boston Modern Orchestra Project. This recording is said to "[surpass] all previous recordings," and is known for its impressive "recorded sound" and for its "finer contrapuntal nuances" in the set of the three Armenian Rhapsodies. The piece is also said to be one of the most rewarding pieces on the recording (as it was part of a set of multiple songs including the other two Armenian Rhapsodies as well as Exile Symphony No. 1 and Soprano Saxophone Concerto). Critics have credited the producer for not putting the rhapsodies next to each other since they are so similar.

</doc>
<doc id="56821198" url="?curid=56821198" title="Kanisha Jimenez">
Kanisha Jimenez

Kanisha Jimenez (born 28 November 1995) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player.
She participated in the 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix.
She played high school volleyball at Academia Discipulos de Cristo in Bayamón, Puerto Rico. Later played for University of Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="56821200" url="?curid=56821200" title="Kaspar Buhl Dalgas">
Kaspar Buhl Dalgas


</doc>
<doc id="56821207" url="?curid=56821207" title="Marcela Guirado">
Marcela Guirado

Marcela Guirado (born 24 October 1989) is a Mexican actress and singer. Born in Guadalajara Jalisco, Mexico, Guirado is best known for her works in telenovelas with the Mexican television channel TV Azteca. Recently she has been made known to the Latin American market with the telenovela of Telemundo, "Silvana sin lana", and with the series based on the boxer Julio César Chávez entitled "El César.
Personal life.
In November 2016, Guirado married American actor and singer Vince Miranda after a three-year relationship.
They announced they were getting a divorce in July of 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56821216" url="?curid=56821216" title="Habiba Al Marashi">
Habiba Al Marashi

Habiba Al Marashi is an Emirati environmentalist. In 1991 she founded the Emirates Environmental Group, which she continues to chair. In 2004 she founded the Arabia CSR Network (ACSRN), devoted to corporate social responsibility across the Arab region. She has been referred to as 'the UAE environmental movement's most recognisable figure' and is widely praised for her environmental work, in encouraging public/private sector co-operation in recycling and environmentalism and sustainability. She sits on the board of the UN Global Compact (UN GC).
Al Marashi has long been an outspoken proponent of environmental best practices in the Emirates and has frequently lobbied for change in public forums and events.

</doc>
<doc id="56821217" url="?curid=56821217" title="Caldicoprobacter">
Caldicoprobacter

Caldicoprobacter is a genus of bacteria from the family of Caldicoprobacteraceae.

</doc>
<doc id="56821218" url="?curid=56821218" title="Habiba Sultan Al Marashi">
Habiba Sultan Al Marashi


</doc>
<doc id="56821247" url="?curid=56821247" title="Tibor Bedekovics">
Tibor Bedekovics


</doc>
<doc id="56821253" url="?curid=56821253" title="Anna Belousovová">
Anna Belousovová

Anna Belousovová (; born 8 August 1959) is a Slovak former politician. As a member of the Slovak National Party, Belousovová was elected as a member of the National Council during the 2010 Slovak parliamentary election.

</doc>
<doc id="56821254" url="?curid=56821254" title="Anna Belousovova">
Anna Belousovova


</doc>
<doc id="56821260" url="?curid=56821260" title="SNAP Interactive">
SNAP Interactive


</doc>
<doc id="56821262" url="?curid=56821262" title="Armenio railway station">
Armenio railway station

Armenio railway station () is a railway station in Armenio (near Larissa), Thessaly, Greece. It is located outside the settlement. Opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). Today TrainOSE operates fourteen daily local trains to Larissa and Volos.
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). The line was designed by the Italian Evaristo de Chirico, (father of Giorgio de Chirico) soon after the liberation of Central Greece from the Ottomans. In 1960 the line from Larissa to Volos was converted to standard gauge and connected at Larissa with the mainline from Athens to Thessaloniki, allowing OSE to run through services to Volos from Athens and Thessaloniki.
Facilities.
The station is little more than a halt, with only a small brick-built below the raised tracks. There is no platform, and as such no real disabled access. The original Thessaly Railways building survives but is no longer utilised. 
Services.
The station is served by fourteen local trains between Larissa and Volos.

</doc>
<doc id="56821266" url="?curid=56821266" title="Peerstream">
Peerstream


</doc>
<doc id="56821268" url="?curid=56821268" title="2018 WPSL season">
2018 WPSL season

The 2018 WPSL season is the 22nd season of the Women's Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="56821269" url="?curid=56821269" title="1996–97 Liechtenstein Cup">
1996–97 Liechtenstein Cup

The 1996–97 Liechtenstein Cup was the fifty-second season of Liechtenstein's annual cup competition. Seven clubs competed with a total of fourteen teams for one spot in the qualifying round of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. FC Vaduz were the defending champions.

</doc>
<doc id="56821273" url="?curid=56821273" title="Future Games of London">
Future Games of London


</doc>
<doc id="56821282" url="?curid=56821282" title="Ubisoft Saguenay">
Ubisoft Saguenay


</doc>
<doc id="56821285" url="?curid=56821285" title="Kalpalayam">
Kalpalayam

C.Ayyampalayam is a village located in the Manachanallur taluk of the Tiruchirappalli district of the Indian state Tamil Nadu. It is situated 5 km away from taluk headquarter Manachanallur and 20 km away from district headquarter Tiruchirappalli. 
According to the 2011 Census information, the total geographical area of the village is 454.41 hectares, and the total population is 3,865. According to the constitution of India and the Panchayat Raj ActKalpalayaage of Ayyampalayam is administered by the elected village representative Sarpanch (Head of Village).
The village of C.Ayyampalayam has a higher literacy rate than that of Tamil Nadu state. As per 2011 census, Kalpalayam village's literacy rate was 86.78 percent compared to Tamil Nadu's 80.09 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="56821293" url="?curid=56821293" title="Shane Conway">
Shane Conway

Shane Conway (born 26 October 1998) is an Irish hurler who plays for Kerry Senior Championship club Lixnaw and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a forward.
Career.
A member of the Lixnaw club, Conway first came to prominence at underage levels by winning minor and under-21 championship titles. He progressed onto the club's senior team and won a County Championship title in 2018. Conway subsequently lined out with University College Cork, winning consecutive Fitzgibbon Cup titles in 2019 and 2020. He first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Kerry minor and under-21 teams that won All-Ireland titles in the respective second tier championships. He made his debut with the Kerry senior hurling team in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56821294" url="?curid=56821294" title="Anna Malíková">
Anna Malíková


</doc>
<doc id="56821296" url="?curid=56821296" title="Ebtisam Aldebe">
Ebtisam Aldebe


</doc>
<doc id="56821298" url="?curid=56821298" title="Christine Weatherup">
Christine Weatherup

Christine Weatherup (born September 8, 1983) is an American actress, writer, and director. She is best known for her portrayal of Amelia Karinsky in "Bread and Butter" opposite Bobby Moynihan, Lauren Lapkus, and Micah Hauptman. Other notable appearances include "Westworld", "Mad Men", "Criminal Minds", "Grey's Anatomy" and the IAWTV award-winning web series "Squaresville", on which she also served as Executive Producer.
Early life.
Weatherup began acting at an early age, performing in school plays and magic shows before beginning to act professionally as a young adult. Early credits include a recurring role on ABC's soap opera "General Hospital" and a supporting role in the Trimark Pictures film "Star Kid".
Weatherup attended The Buckley School and then Marlborough School in Los Angeles, where she was Student Body Performing Arts rep and co-captain of the Speech and Debate Team.
Career.
In 2013, Weatherup, along with co-stars Mary Kate Wiles, Kylie Sparks, Tiffany Ariany, Austin Rogers, and David Ryan Speer, won the award for Best Ensemble Cast for "Squaresville".
In 2015, Weatherup took home the award for Best Actress at the Naperville Independent Film Festival for her portrayal of Amelia Karinsky in "Bread and Butter".
In 2017, Weatherup made her writing and directorial debut with "Killed in Action," which won Best Screenplay and Best Short Drama at the Breckenridge Film Festival.
Education.
While attending the University of Southern California, she met her future husband, writer/director Matt Enlow. Weatherup was involved with the student television station, Trojan Vision, and was selected to participate in the senior acting showcase.
The summer before her senior year, she studied in Oxford, England at the British American Drama Academy.
Weatherup graduated from USC with a triple major in Cinematic Arts, Theater &amp; Political Science and was named Magna Cum Laude.

</doc>
<doc id="56821305" url="?curid=56821305" title="PEVQ">
PEVQ


</doc>
<doc id="56821318" url="?curid=56821318" title="List of shipwrecks in February 1843">
List of shipwrecks in February 1843

The list of shipwrecks in February 1843 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during February 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="56821319" url="?curid=56821319" title="La Playa Stadium">
La Playa Stadium

La Playa Stadium is the on campus stadium for Santa Barbara City College in Santa Barbara, California, United States. The serves as the home venue for the Santa Barbara City College Vaqueros football, soccer and track and field teams. The stadium also serves as the venue for the college graduation ceremonies.
The stands for the stadium are built into the side of a coastal bluff below the college campus. With no stands on the opposite side, it provides for a clear view of Leadbetter Beach, the Santa Barbara harbor and the Santa Barbara Channel portion of the Pacific Ocean across the street. Because of its proximity to the ocean, the stadium is under the purvue of the California Coastal Commission.
The stadium was also used as the football home stadium for the University of California, Santa Barbara from the days when it was known as Santa Barbara State College starting with the 1938 football season and served that role until the 1965 season. UCSB played their last game in the stadium against the Santa Clara University Broncos on October 30, 1965. The home venue was displaced by the on campus Campus Stadium, which was later re-named Harder Stadium.
La Playa Stadium is the home of the Santa Barbara Easter Relays, a multi-day track and field carnival. It is the site where John Uelses cleared the first 16 foot pole vault outdoors, during that meet, March 31, 1962. See the . It is also where Dallas Long set his first of seven world records in the shot put. It was the site of the women's division of the 1967 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. Barbara Ferrell equalled the world record in the 100 meters; 11.1 (+0.3), at that championship, which would last until Wyomia Tyus broke it in the Olympic final, at altitude in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="56821329" url="?curid=56821329" title="Vomiting agent">
Vomiting agent

Vomiting agents are chemical weapon agents causing vomiting. Prolonged exposure can be lethal. They were used for the first time during WWI.

</doc>
<doc id="56821341" url="?curid=56821341" title="Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's super combined">
Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's super combined

The Men's super combined competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Jeongseon Alpine Centre,
South Korea. The competition took place on 13 March 2018.
Visually impaired.
In the downhill visually impaired, the athlete with a visual impairement has a sighted guide. The two skiers are considered a team, and dual medals are awarded.
The super-G was started at 11:15 and the slalom was started at 16:02.
Standing.
The super-G was started at 11:50 and the slalom was started at 16:22.
Sitting.
The super-G was started at 12:25 and the slalom at 16:42.

</doc>
<doc id="56821371" url="?curid=56821371" title="Mwasiti">
Mwasiti

Mwasiti Almas Yusuph (born February 2, 1986) popularly known as Mwasiti, is a singer and songwriter of Afropop, Zouk and Bongo Flava music from Tanzania. She is best known for her single "Nalivua Pendo," which was number one on the Tanzania radio charts for eight consecutive weeks and won "Best Zouk Song" at the 2009 Tanzania Music Awards.
Early life and career.
Mwasiti started her music career in 2006 after joining "Tanzania House of Talent". She released her first single titled "Nambie" in 2006, which was nominated twice at the Tanzania Music Awards as Best newcomer artist and nominated for Best zouk song. In 2014 she performed in New York City at the "Malaria No More Benefit Concert", organized by Malaria No More.
In year 2006, she was nominated ‘Best Upcoming Female Artist’ at the Tanzania Music awards. Her single "Nalivua Pendo" holds the record for staying number one on the radio charts for eight consecutive weeks, and stayed on the charts for the next 30 weeks. It then won "Best Zouk Song" at the 2009 Tanzania Music Awards. At the 2013 Tanzania Music Awards, Mwasiti become the first female artist to receive five nominations. She has said her songs have been inspired by aspects of her own life. She believes it's important for Tanzanian artists to remember their roots. She is a civil rights activist for causes such as malaria and helping refugees.

</doc>
<doc id="56821373" url="?curid=56821373" title="Gemini Award for Best Children's or Youth Fiction or Non-Fiction Program or Series">
Gemini Award for Best Children's or Youth Fiction or Non-Fiction Program or Series


</doc>
<doc id="56821378" url="?curid=56821378" title="Bailey V5 paramotor">
Bailey V5 paramotor

The Bailey V5 is a British paramotor, designed and produced by Bailey Aviation of Royston, Hertfordshire for powered paragliding. The aircraft is supplied complete and ready-to-fly.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles rules as well as European regulations. It features a paraglider-style wing, single-place accommodation and a single Bailey V5 engine in pusher configuration with a 3.2:1 ratio belt reduction drive and a diameter Helix Carbon GmbH two-bladed carbon fibre propeller. The fuel tank capacity is . The aircraft is built from TIG welded aluminium tubing, with the propeller safety cage made from a single hoop and is a four-piece split type design. The pilot harness was designed by Bailey Aviation and Sup’Air of France. A variety of paraglider wings can be used.
As is the case with all paramotors, take-off and landing is accomplished by foot. Inflight steering is accomplished via handles that actuate the canopy brakes, creating roll and yaw.

</doc>
<doc id="56821394" url="?curid=56821394" title="Karumbakkam">
Karumbakkam

Karumbakkam is a village located in the Chengalpattu taluk of the Kanchipuram district of the Indian state Tamil Nadu. According to the 2011 Census information, the total geographical area of the village is , and the total population is 1,330.

</doc>
<doc id="56821396" url="?curid=56821396" title="TIG welded">
TIG welded


</doc>
<doc id="56821413" url="?curid=56821413" title="Júnior Monteiro">
Júnior Monteiro

Gildo Olímpio Sena Monteiro (born 20 April 1991), simply known as Júnior, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays as a winger.
Club career.
On June 19, 2017, it was confirmed that Júnior had joined LigaPro side União da Madeira.
On 12 August 2018, after suffering team relegation, Júnior signed for Académica de Coimbra.
International career.
Júnior made his debut for the Cape Verde national football team in a 0-0 (4-3) penalty shootout win over Andorra on 3 June 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56821416" url="?curid=56821416" title="2007–08 MJHL season">
2007–08 MJHL season

The 2007–08 season was the Manitoba Junior Hockey League's (MJHL) 91st season of operation.
Playoffs.
Post MJHL playoffs.
Anavet Cup

</doc>
<doc id="56821417" url="?curid=56821417" title="Bailey V5">
Bailey V5

Bailey V5 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56821434" url="?curid=56821434" title="Stefanovikeio railway station">
Stefanovikeio railway station

Stefanovikeio railway station () is a railway station in Stefanovikeio, Thessaly, Greece. It is located outside the settlement, close to a level crossing. Opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). Today TrainOSE operates fourteen daily local trains to Larissa and Volos.
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). The line was designed by the Italian Evaristo de Chirico, (father of Giorgio de Chirico) soon after the liberation of Central Greece from the Ottomans. In 1960 the line from Larissa to Volos was converted to standard gauge and connected at Larissa with the mainline from Athens to Thessaloniki, allowing OSE to run through services to Volos from Athens and Thessaloniki.
Facilities.
The station is little more than a halt, with only a small brick-built building on a raised platform, however no real disabled access.
Services.
The station is served by fourteen local trains between Larissa and Volos.

</doc>
<doc id="56821444" url="?curid=56821444" title="Office of Emergency Planning (disambiguation)">
Office of Emergency Planning (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821459" url="?curid=56821459" title="2018 ICC World Twenty20 Asia Sub Regional Qualifier Middle East">
2018 ICC World Twenty20 Asia Sub Regional Qualifier Middle East


</doc>
<doc id="56821470" url="?curid=56821470" title="Road To Rio (disambiguation)">
Road To Rio (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821487" url="?curid=56821487" title="Alexander Allardyce (disambiguation)">
Alexander Allardyce (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821494" url="?curid=56821494" title="Business machine (disambiguation)">
Business machine (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821495" url="?curid=56821495" title="Maria (ship)">
Maria (ship)


</doc>
<doc id="56821509" url="?curid=56821509" title="Nejoud Boodai">
Nejoud Boodai

Nejoud Boodai (1972–2010) was a Kuwaiti fashion designer and businesswoman.
Early life and education.
Educated at the American College in London, she founded her own fashion house and launched her first collection in 1995. She went on to open various boutique outlets in Kuwait, including N.B. Boutique in Salhiya Complex and a flower shop, Flower Story, in 360 Mall. She opened Juju's Cupcake, Kuwait's first specialist cupcake bakery, in 2007. In 2008 she opened Marble Slab Creamery in Al Kout Mall.
Death.
Boodai died from cancer in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="56821517" url="?curid=56821517" title="Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Women's super combined">
Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Women's super combined

The Women's super combined competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Jeongseon Alpine Centre,
South Korea. The competition took place on 13 March 2018.
Visually impaired.
In the downhill visually impaired, the athlete with a visual impairement has a sighted guide. The two skiers are considered a team, and dual medals are awarded.
The super-G was started at 09:30 and the slalom was started at 15:00.
Standing.
The super-G was started at 10:05 and the slalom was started at 15:22.
Sitting.
The super-G was started at 10:40 and the slalom was started at 15:42.

</doc>
<doc id="56821523" url="?curid=56821523" title="Carrara Sports and Leisure Centre">
Carrara Sports and Leisure Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56821532" url="?curid=56821532" title="Fatima Ibrahim">
Fatima Ibrahim


</doc>
<doc id="56821538" url="?curid=56821538" title="2018 Saratov Airlines An-148 crash">
2018 Saratov Airlines An-148 crash


</doc>
<doc id="56821543" url="?curid=56821543" title="Jennifer Quesada">
Jennifer Quesada

Jennifer Quesada (born 22 February 1992 in Loíza, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican volleyball player.
She plays as a center for the Orientales de Humacao. She played for the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team.
She participated in the 2012 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2017 FIVB World Grand Prix.
She won the bronze medal at the 2017 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup.
Career.
Jennifer Quesada's career began in the 2010 season, when she played for the Mets de Guaynabo in the Liga de Voleibol Superior Femenino. In the following three championships he played for Vaqueras de Bayamón. She played in the 2014 championship for Criollas de Caguas.
In the 2015 championship she played for the Changas de Naranjito.
In 2016 she was traded to the Orientales de Humacao.

</doc>
<doc id="56821548" url="?curid=56821548" title="Inas El Deghaidy">
Inas El Deghaidy


</doc>
<doc id="56821558" url="?curid=56821558" title="War Memorial Stadium (Hampton)">
War Memorial Stadium (Hampton)


</doc>
<doc id="56821563" url="?curid=56821563" title="2003 Iran (IIRG) Il-76 crash">
2003 Iran (IIRG) Il-76 crash


</doc>
<doc id="56821565" url="?curid=56821565" title="War Memorial Stadium (Buffalo)">
War Memorial Stadium (Buffalo)


</doc>
<doc id="56821575" url="?curid=56821575" title="War Memorial Stadium (Hawaii)">
War Memorial Stadium (Hawaii)


</doc>
<doc id="56821577" url="?curid=56821577" title="Southeast Water Pollution Control Facility">
Southeast Water Pollution Control Facility


</doc>
<doc id="56821580" url="?curid=56821580" title="Inas El Degheidy">
Inas El Degheidy


</doc>
<doc id="56821582" url="?curid=56821582" title="War Memorial Stadium (Wyoming)">
War Memorial Stadium (Wyoming)


</doc>
<doc id="56821595" url="?curid=56821595" title="Francesco Faggi">
Francesco Faggi


</doc>
<doc id="56821612" url="?curid=56821612" title="Gisekiaceae">
Gisekiaceae


</doc>
<doc id="56821614" url="?curid=56821614" title="Helen Dingman">
Helen Dingman

Helen Dingman (February 5, 1885 – April 22, 1978) was an American academic and social worker who was one of the central figures in the Progressive and New Deal eras to bring social and economic reform to Appalachia. After teaching in Massachusetts for five years from 1912 to 1917, Dingman moved to Kentucky to establish the Smith Community Life School under the auspices of the United Presbyterian Church. Serving as principal and directing six other schools in Harlan County, Kentucky, she provided both education and social services to the community until 1922. After a two year placement as an assistant superintendent for the mission board in New York, she was hired as a teacher in the Sociology Department at Berea College. She taught social work courses and trained teachers for the rural schools in the region until 1952. In addition, she served as Executive Secretary of the Conference of Southern Mountain Workers, establishing the professional basis for social workers. The first comprehensive economic and social survey of the Southern Appalachias was spearheaded by Dingman.
Early life.
Helen Hastie Dingman was born on February 5, 1885 in Spring Valley, Rockland County, New York to Nettie Clyde (née Beveridge) and James Alva Dingman. She was the fifth child among ten siblings and was strongly influenced by her father and oldest sibling, Mary's ideas of social responsibility. James, originally from Canada, was a physician and a devout Methodist, who encouraged his children toward humanitarian service, while Mary a specialist on working conditions for women, would become one of the most-known peace activists in the Inter-War Era.
Career.
In 1912, Dingman began her career as a teacher, as her sister had done, at Dana Hall School in Wellesley, Massachusetts, working as an assistant teacher in the art department and teaching Latin. She was interested in reform work and began working for the Presbyterian Board of Home Missions. In 1916, she had an introduction to Appalachia, when she participated in a summer program in Rocky Fork, Tennessee. After the fall term in 1917, she left Dana Hall and moved to Harlan County, Kentucky. She settled in Smith and established a headquarters there for mission work throughout the county. In 1918, she directed the construction of a community center to house social workers and began work at the Smith Community Life School. The school was founded on the principal that the community should direct the development to meet their own needs. While she directed the community center, established nursing care and teaching, and planned a cooperative store, among other community services, she believed that community involvement was essential for sustaining the projects. Acting as principal until 1922, Dingman supervised the school, as well as six other county schools under the sponsorship of the United Presbyterian Church. She was also the leader of a group of temperance women who successfully organized against moonshining in the county.
Dingman returned to New York as the assistant superintendent for the fieldwork of the Mission Board in 1922 and remained for two years, before being recruited to return to Kentucky to teach. In 1924, William J. Hutchins, president of Berea College offered Dingman an appointment as a sociology teacher and trainer for teachers in rural schools. These rural schools, known as "Opportunity Schools" focused on community involvement, giving students an education, developing community improvement projects and offering adult education exchanges. She instructed her students in providing social services in addition to education, including practical skills like community organization, health and sanitation programs, family counseling, as well as how to build and repair their school facilities.
In 1926, Dingman became the editor of "Mountain Life and Work", a journal published by Berea College, which shared progressive reform work being done for the underprivileged mountain communities of Appalachia. Two years later, she became the Executive Secretary of the Conference of Southern Mountain Workers (CSMW), taking over from Olive Dame Campbell, who had managed the CSMW since her husband, John C. Campbell’s death. The CSMW was a professional organization of Progressive Era reformers, designed to allow social workers to meet and share strategies for improvements in the area. From her appointment as Executive Secretary the journal, "Mountain Life", became the official publication of the CSMW. During the Great Depression, under Dingman's leadership, the CSMW expanded programs to include recreational activates to offset the stark realities of life. Many of the programs initiated aimed at preserving folk traditions, such as dancing, handicrafts, and music, of mountain people. One of Dingman's most successful ventures was creating the Southern Highland Handicraft Guild during this time.
Dingman was one of the driving forces in pressing for an economic and social survey of the conditions in the Appalachian region and worked with Dean Thomas P. Cooper from the University of Kentucky to prepare a plan. The first preparatory meeting was held in 1925, at the Russell Sage Foundation in New York City, but the results, "Economic and Social Problems and Conditions of the Southern Appalachians", would not be published by the federal government until 1935. The survey, which utilized specialists from state and federal agencies, as well as private organizations, was designed to evaluate availability of educational facilities, land utilization, population distribution and social conditions. The survey was the first of its kind to be made by the federal government for the Appalachian region and immediately effected services in the region, with Dingman offering courses at Berea College to train Federal Emergency Relief Administration workers in Public Welfare and adding birth control clinics throughout the mountain region beginning in 1939.
The Depression brought other changes for Dingman, as her sister Jeanette, mother of future Nobel Prize winner, John B. Fenn, and her family relocated to Kentucky after her husband lost his job in New York. Then in 1939, her sister Mary returned from her work abroad and joined Dingman in Kentucky as well. She resigned from the CSMW at the end of 1941 because of a heart condition she had developed, but continued to work at Berea College until her retirement in 1952.
Death and legacy.
Dingman died on April 22, 1978 in Berea, Kentucky, donating her remains to medical study. She is remembered for her pioneering work to professionalize social service in the Appalachias. Dingman's papers are housed in the Hutchins Library of Berea College.

</doc>
<doc id="56821619" url="?curid=56821619" title="War Memorial Stadium (Austin, Texas)">
War Memorial Stadium (Austin, Texas)


</doc>
<doc id="56821622" url="?curid=56821622" title="VK56VD">
VK56VD


</doc>
<doc id="56821625" url="?curid=56821625" title="Robert Douglas (footballer)">
Robert Douglas (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56821629" url="?curid=56821629" title="Caleb Everts House">
Caleb Everts House

The Caleb Everts House is a single-family house located at 8880 Hickory Ridge Road in Davisburg, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History.
Caleb Everts moved from New York state to Michigan in 1840, and purchased this farm. He constructed a log cabin at this site, and then in 1842 added a frame wing onto the house. Everts prospered as a farmer, and in 1856 had this house constructed. By the 1870s, he owned over 1000 surrounding acres. The property on which this house stands passed to his son, also named Caleb Everts; the younger Caleb died in 1919. The house remained in the Everts family until 1941, when it was sold.
Description.
The Caleb Everts House is located in a farmstead consisting of the house with a carriage shed, two barns, a granary, chicken coop, and various other outbuildings. The house is a large Greek Revival structure, covered in clapboard, with several wings. The exterior is plain, with pilaster strips on the two-story, end-gabled main block. A porch across the front is supported by square posts, as is a side porch. The original windows are six-over-six, symmetrically arranged The windows on the front porch have paneled window aprons below. A carriage shed adjoining the kitchen appears to be part of the original construction.
On the interior, the house is divided into several large rooms, with smaller ones opening off them. The floor plan is very informal, with few halls and rooms opening directly into each other.

</doc>
<doc id="56821636" url="?curid=56821636" title="On the Money (disambiguation)">
On the Money (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821638" url="?curid=56821638" title="The Good Liar">
The Good Liar

The Good Liar is a 2019 crime thriller film directed and produced by Bill Condon and written by Jeffrey Hatcher, based on the 2015 novel of the same name by Nicholas Searle. It stars Ian McKellen as a career con artist who meets a wealthy widow (Helen Mirren) online, and then discovers that his plan to steal her fortune has unexpected roadblocks.
The film premiered at the BFI Southbank in London on October 28, 2019. It was released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United Kingdom on November 8, 2019, and in the United States on November 15, 2019. It received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $33 million against a budget of $10 million.
Plot.
In 2009 London, Roy Courtnay is an aging British con artist who, along with his business partner Vincent, uses false identities to deceive people into giving him access to their finances. His latest target is Betty McLeish, a former history professor at Oxford University who lost her husband a year ago and has savings in excess of £2 million.
Feigning a bad knee, Roy manipulates Betty into allowing him to stay at her house. He steadily encourages her to open a joint offshore investment account with him, so that he can steal her money. Simultaneously, Roy and Vincent run an investment scam with their mark Bryn and his associate by employing fake Russian investors. One of the fake Russians, actually a Polish butcher, demands a greater cut of the take; in response, Roy orders thugs to break the butcher's hand with a meat tenderizer. Realizing he has been robbed, Bryn follows Roy during his date with Betty. Upon spotting Bryn nearby, Roy sends Betty into the shops before luring Bryn into Charing Cross tube station. There, Roy stabs Bryn and then shoves him into the path of an incoming train, killing him. Roy reunites with Betty back at the shops.
Roy and Betty vacation in Berlin, where Roy appears to understand German, though he claims he does not. Betty's grandson Steven takes the couple to a flat that Roy recognizes. Steven reveals that 'Roy Courtnay'—a young British Army officer—was killed there in 1948 by a Nazi war criminal whom he was tracking, according to Soviet records. He narrates an elaborate story of his mission in Germany and explains at first that Hans Taub was his German translator. The mission ended in the death of Hans Taub. When Steven refuses to believe his story, Roy is forced to confess that he is Hans Taub, and that he stole Roy's identity so that he could leave Germany and reinvent himself. Betty accepts his explanation and dismisses Steven's objections.
Soon afterwards, Roy and Betty plan to transfer their money into the joint account. Vincent suggests to Roy that he leave at least some of the money for Betty to help with her medical condition, but Roy dismisses the idea and insists that he will leave Betty financially defrauded just like his previous victims. He says he wants enough money to sit on a beach somewhere and sip champagne. Vincent reluctantly complies and later participates in the transactions necessary for the couple to transfer their money into the joint account. However, after leaving Betty and returning to his flat, Roy discovers that he no longer has the keypad needed to access the account. Roy returns to Betty's house to reclaim it, only to find Betty waiting for him and that all the house's contents have been removed.
Betty attempts to force a confession out of Roy, before revealing that her identity and personal history are all fake. Her real name is Lili Schröeder and she has met Roy before back when they were German teenagers in 1943, wherein Hans was tutoring her in English. On their last session, after trying to kiss one of her sisters, Hans raped Lili. After her parents dismiss him from continuing his tutoring lessons over the kiss, Hans denounced Lili's father as a traitor and he was executed by the Nazis. This drove Lili's mother to commit suicide. Later, Lili's sisters were killed in an explosion just two weeks before the death of Adolf Hitler. After the war ended, Lili suffered at the hands of the Russians; learning to be a good liar for survival. Eventually she made her way to England.
After recounting their past, Lili explains to Roy that she has been fully aware of his plan to con her all along. Steven, who was in fact the boyfriend of Lili's real grandson Michael, tracked Roy/Hans' criminal history and they confirmed his identity in a DNA test using a locket from Betty/Lili's childhood that contained a piece of Hans' hair. She also reveals that Vincent has betrayed Roy after being confronted with her knowledge of their crimes.
Betty takes all of Roy's money out of their joint account, leaving him only enough money to pay back the victims of his earlier con. Roy says he will beg her forgiveness but Betty says she is 'beyond him now.' Just as she prepares to leave the house, Roy locks the door and attacks her - but she manages to fend him off before he is confronted by Bryn's associate and the Polish butcher whom he previously cheated. Betty then leaves the house as Roy, defiant to the last and refusing to pay his clients back, is consequently beaten up. Weeks later, Roy, having suffered a severe stroke during the fight, is shown in hospital against a painted backdrop of a beach. Vincent pays him a visit. Roy is unable to speak or move. Vincent gives him a drink and says "Pretend it's champagne" and the liquid dribbles out of Roy's paralysed mouth. Betty is shown in the final scene living happily with her extended family.
Production.
In March 2018, it was announced that Bill Condon would direct the film, with Ian McKellen and Helen Mirren cast in the leading roles. In April 2018, Russell Tovey and Jim Carter joined the cast.
Principal production commenced on April 23, 2018, in London, England. The film was also shot in Berlin, Germany.
Release.
The film's world premiere was held on October 28, 2019 at the BFI Southbank in London. It was released on November 8, 2019 in the United Kingdom, and on November 15, 2019 in the United States.
Reception.
Box office.
"The Good Liar" has grossed $17.2 million in the United States and Canada, and $16.2 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $33.4 million, against a production budget of $10 million.
In the United States and Canada, the film was released alongside "Charlie's Angels" and "Ford v Ferrari", and was projected to gross around $5 million from 2,439 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $1.6 million on its first day and went on to debut to $5.6 million, finishing seventh at the box office. It fell 40% to $3.6 million in its second weekend, finishing in tenth.
Critical response.
Rotten Tomatoes reported that 63% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 164 reviews, with an average rating of 6.20/10. The website's critics consensus reads, ""The Good Liar" is less than the sum of its prestigious parts, but Ian McKellen and Helen Mirren keep the proceedings consistently watchable." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 55 out of 100 based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale, while those surveyed at PostTrak gave it 4 out of 5 stars, with 56% saying they would definitely recommend it. "The Guardian" included it in a list of the most underrated films of 2019.
In his review for "The Wall Street Journal" Joe Morgenstern wrote, "“The Good Liar” is calculation from arch start to hollow finish... This film grows grim enough to be a companion piece." Ben Kenigsberg of "The New York Times" commented, "The sleight of hand “The Good Liar” tries to pull off might be easier to keep hidden on the page. As it progresses, the film reveals complications (it plays particularly dubious tricks with the way it parcels out flashbacks to the 1940s) and a motive that might as well have been picked out of a hat. The finale could be written with entirely different details, and almost no scene preceding it would have to change. The real good liar is whoever convinced Mirren and McKellen to class up such thin and arbitrary material." Peter Sobczynski writing for "RogerEbert.com" gave the movie two and half stars out of four and stated, "...it quickly becomes apparent that this is one of those stories where nothing is quite as it seems, and leading to a shocking revelation that most will see coming, at least in the broad strokes. A film of this sort needs an airtight plot—or at least airtight enough to keep you from questioning things as it is running—but there are a few too many instances in which characters say and do things solely because the plot requires them to do so." Sandra Hall of "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave the film three and half stars out of five and noted, "...as a result, there's not much suspense. It's an enthralling exercise but a peculiarly cerebral one – a psychological thriller without the thrills." "The Guardian"'s Wendy Ide gave the film three stars out of five, stating, "..."The Good Liar" is at its sparky best when Mirren and McKellen are on screen, waltzing smoothly through a plot that feels like a Russian doll of deeper and deeper deceptions. Flashes of violence are effectively jarring when juxtaposed with the chintzy cosiness of much of the film. Less successful are two thudding, lead-weight flashbacks, which disgorge chunks of exposition and quash some of the fun in McKellen and Mirren's deft double act." Elizabeth Weitzman of "TheWrap" said, "There’s only one truly unpredictable twist in “The Good Liar,” and that's the disappointment audiences are likely to feel when they leave the theater."
"The Adelaide Review" gave the movie 7/10 points, noting, "Helen and Ian’s first film together (although they’ve previously appeared as a double-act on the stage), this has an especially complex and even unpleasant performance by him, but she’s no slouch too, and it’s good to see Tovey holding his own in scenes alongside these two ‘national treasures’. And yes, as Helen's Betty would say, “It’s so English!”" In his review for "Rolling Stone", David Fear gave the film two stars out of five and wrote, "The real question is: Are you willing to endure all of that random swerving for the simple pleasure of these performers’ company? Both actors are, unsurprisingly, bending over backwards here to sell these characters and establish enough screen chemistry to smooth over a lot of rough patches... They play off each other beautifully despite the material, and they get a chance to indulge in the aforementioned range of sound and fury. Yes, you would watch these two in virtually anything. You just wish it wasn't this. They deserve something sturdier and far less head-slappingly preposterous, and that's the truth." Jon Frosch of "The Hollywood Reporter" added, "An example of the kind of middlebrow, classily accoutered “cinema for adults” that's grown rare in the Age of Marvel, the film may pique the interest of viewers of a certain age; there's a comfy pleasure in watching these two pros patter back and forth in plummy accents, clutching mugs of tea or sipping flutes of champagne. Yet "The Good Liar"’s sophistication is nothing if not skin-deep. For all its nasty twists and turns, its fake-outs and flashbacks and cheekily preposterous pile-up of double-crosses, this story of an elderly con man and the wealthy widow he targets feels fatally devoid of danger. Square, tame and tidy as the London-area house kept by Mirren’s primly elegant, creamy-complexioned septuagenarian, The Good Liar is a work of skill but little spark." "Le News" gave the film three stars out of four, stating. "Two superb actors from the grand culture of English drama – Helen Mirren and Ian McKellen – are enough reason to pull you into this intriguing tale of deception... If you’re looking for quality entertainment with an absorbing script, multiple twists and great acting, this is your film. Not a masterpiece, but captivating and satisfying."
David Hughes of "Empire" gave the film three stars out of five, commenting, "...even if you know what's coming, there's joy in watching two flawless performances from these much-loved veteran actors, relishing every nuance of their characters, and every moment of their time on screen. They're so good, in fact, that the film flags every time one or both of them are off screen, such as during the flashback sequences, with which a more daring adaptation might have dispensed... It may be a shaggy-dog story, with occasional lapses into melodrama, but Mirren and McKellen are on sparkling form, and when a film aimed primarily at pensioners employs both the C-word and gory injury detail, you can't accuse it of being boring." David Ehrlich of IndieWire stated, "...it’s Mirren who’s ultimately asked to carry this movie across the finish line, and she does so with oodles of her signature elan. It’s a rare actor who can split the difference between an airport thriller and a historical reckoning — who’s able to conflate the silly with the serious in a way that completely erases the difference — but Mirren is more than up to the challenge. The final stretches of Condon’s film are so ludicrous that you almost feel swindled for caring about the movie until that point, but Mirren grounds one plot twist after another with the gravity of her conviction (and a little help from Carter Burwell’s lilting, uneasy, “Mr. Holmes”-esque score). “The Good Liar” may not have much to say about redemption, entrapment, or the fibs that can hold a friendship together, but the past is only so important to a wicked little thriller that delights in the moment at hand." Jess Layt of "Hawkesbury Gazette" gave the movie 5.5/10 points, commenting, "This is a story gives older actors some genuine character work, an actual story and motivations and a life. That being said, the way "The Good Liar" plays out in its final act feels like a bit of a hoodwink in itself. Audiences have been following these characters for a good chunk of film, only to have odd backstories suddenly revealed for which there is no apparent foreshadowing... "The Good Liar", much like its protagonist, talks big game but is really just confused about its identity and place in the world."

</doc>
<doc id="56821660" url="?curid=56821660" title="Alonso (crater)">
Alonso (crater)

Alonso is a crater in the southern hemisphere of Miranda, a moon of Uranus, located at 44° S, 352.6 ° E. It has a diameter of . The crater is named after Alonso, King of Naples, one of the characters in Shakespeare's "The Tempest". 

</doc>
<doc id="56821662" url="?curid=56821662" title="Ewelina Sieczka">
Ewelina Sieczka


</doc>
<doc id="56821665" url="?curid=56821665" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 500 metres

The men's 500 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 2 and 3 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56821669" url="?curid=56821669" title="Buckwheat whiskey">
Buckwheat whiskey


</doc>
<doc id="56821672" url="?curid=56821672" title="1934 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1934 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1934 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the seventh edition of the women's doubles championship. The Championships were held in December 1933 but are officially listed as the 1934 Championships.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Anita Felguth-Denker and Astrid Krebsbach in the final by three sets to one to secure a fifth consecutive title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56821674" url="?curid=56821674" title="Red absinthe">
Red absinthe


</doc>
<doc id="56821676" url="?curid=56821676" title="1995–96 Liechtenstein Cup">
1995–96 Liechtenstein Cup

The 1995–96 Liechtenstein Cup was the fifty-first season of Liechtenstein's annual cup competition. Seven clubs competed with a total of fourteen teams for one spot in the qualifying round of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. FC Vaduz were the defending champions.

</doc>
<doc id="56821684" url="?curid=56821684" title="Estádio Municipal Jorge Sampaio">
Estádio Municipal Jorge Sampaio

The Estádio Municipal Jorge Sampaio is an association football stadium located in Pedroso, Portugal, which is used by FC Porto B as their home ground.

</doc>
<doc id="56821691" url="?curid=56821691" title="Crimean-Azov Corps">
Crimean-Azov Corps


</doc>
<doc id="56821692" url="?curid=56821692" title="War Memorial Stadium (Little Rock, Arkansas)">
War Memorial Stadium (Little Rock, Arkansas)


</doc>
<doc id="56821702" url="?curid=56821702" title="Vijaypal Singh Tomar">
Vijaypal Singh Tomar

Vijaypal Singh Tomar is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh. He was former president of the BJP Kisan Morcha.

</doc>
<doc id="56821703" url="?curid=56821703" title="Crimean-Azov Army">
Crimean-Azov Army


</doc>
<doc id="56821717" url="?curid=56821717" title="Estádio Dr. Jorge Sampaio">
Estádio Dr. Jorge Sampaio


</doc>
<doc id="56821720" url="?curid=56821720" title="Velestino railway station">
Velestino railway station

Velestino railway station () is a railway station in Velestino in Thessaly, Greece. It is located outside the settlement. The station lies 17 km (11 mi) west of Volos and 40 km southeast of Larissa.
History.
The station was opened on 22 April 1884 by the Thessaly Railways (now part of OSE). The line was designed by the Italian Evaristo de Chirico, (father of Giorgio de Chirico) soon after the liberation of Central Greece from the Ottomans. In 1960 the line from Larissa to Volos was converted to standard gauge and connected at Larissa with the mainline from Athens to Thessaloniki, allowing OSE to run through services to Volos from Athens and Thessaloniki. 
Facilities.
The station has waiting rooms, and toilets.
Services.
Today, the town is served by direct lines to the rest of Greece, via Larissa is directly linked with Athens once per day, with Thessaloniki twice per day, and with Larissa 15 times a day. There is also a direct service to Volos and the ferry's.

</doc>
<doc id="56821726" url="?curid=56821726" title="Eastwood, Clint">
Eastwood, Clint


</doc>
<doc id="56821729" url="?curid=56821729" title="Sara-Lynne Knockwood">
Sara-Lynne Knockwood

Sara-Lynne Knockwood is a Canadian taekwondo athlete and a band member of Nova Scotia’s Indian Brook First Nation. She was raised in Enfield, Nova Scotia with her two sisters by her father Ron and her mother Jennifer. She won gold medals in the 2002 North American Indigenous Games (NAIG) in Winnipeg, Manitoba. She was inducted into Miꞌkmaq sports hall of fame in 2016 for her achievements in taekwondo.
Taekwondo.
Knockwood was introduced to taekwondo by her father who was an RCMP officer who encouraged Knockwood and her sisters to learn self defence. She first started training with David McKenna at McKenna’s Taekwondo club. Soon after she began training, Knockwood attended her first sanctioned World Taekwondo Federation tournament in Moncton, New Brunswick where she won gold. In 2002, Knockwood attended her first NAIG in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Knockwood won gold medals in the junior division of both sparring and poomse, while representing team Mi’kmaw Nova Scotia. In 2006, she attended the NAIG in Denver, Colorado, winning silver in sparring and gold in poomse, both in the senior division. Knockwood competed in the 6th World Open Championships Taekwondo international in Miami Beach, Florida. The event was hosted by the Taekwondo Association of Great Britain (TAGB) with teams representing Canada, US, South America, and Europe. Knockwood has also competed internationally at the Pan Am Games.
Tom Longboat Award.
Knockwood was awarded the Tom Longboat Award in 2002 at the national level.
After competition.
After competition, Knockwood attained a human kinetics degree at St. Francis Xavier University. Knockwood is currently working with the Mi’kmaq sport council of Nova Scotia regarding sport, recreation and health in Mi’kmaq communities. In 2014, she was involved in the Halifax NAIG bid committee and has sat as a member of the board of directors with AthletesCAN and the Association of Canada’s National Team Athletes. She has been a standing member of the tripartite forums sport and recreation committee. Knockwood was also involved in opening a taekwondo club within her community in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="56821730" url="?curid=56821730" title="List of shipwrecks in March 1843">
List of shipwrecks in March 1843

The list of shipwrecks in March 1843 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during March 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="56821732" url="?curid=56821732" title="Mona al Marri">
Mona al Marri


</doc>
<doc id="56821770" url="?curid=56821770" title="Srećna žena">
Srećna žena

"Srećna žena" is a song recorded by singer Lepa Brena, released on December 28, 2017 by Grand Production as the fourth single from her eighteenth studio album "Zar je važno dal se peva ili pjeva" (2018). The song was written by Marina Tucaković, and music by Marko Peruničić and Nebojša Arežina. "Srećna žena" is a pop song. The music video was directed by Haris Dubica.
Release and promotion.
On February 27, 2018, Brena announced a new song "Srećna žena", on YouTube with teaser from making of video. The video for the single was premiered on the Brena's official YouTube channel.
Music video.
In the video, of director Haris Dubica, there are 13 attractive singers, and they are all the same stylized, in white coats, with blonde wigs and red caps on their heads, so at first it's hard to guess which of them is Lepa Brena. "We invited 13 most beautiful singers and actors to participate in the video and from their hearts, thanking them for having set aside time to record, in addition to their obligations. It looks like I have great support from younger generation, and that makes me very happy" - says the pop-folk legend, Lepa Brena. One of the most expensive video's in Brena's career was filmed in Istanbul, London, New York City, Belgrade, Switzerland and the Maldives. In the video they appear: Goca Tržan, Tijana Dapčević, Anabela Atijas, Katarina Zivkovic, Vesna Đogani, Edita Aradinović, Nikolina Kovač, Ljupka Stević, Slađana Mandić, Vanja Mijatović, Tamara Dragić, Dženita Alić, Maida Mehmedović, Sandra Šljivar, Narcisa Dubica, Sabrina Čizmo, Emina Biščević, Jelena Jovičić, Arnela Redžepagić, Katarina Orestijević, Amela Šljivar, Ermina Hafizović, Sara Huremović and Dance club Evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="56821771" url="?curid=56821771" title="16-bit floating-point format">
16-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821774" url="?curid=56821774" title="32-bit floating-point format">
32-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821775" url="?curid=56821775" title="Houda Al Naamani">
Houda Al Naamani


</doc>
<doc id="56821780" url="?curid=56821780" title="Affordable Care Act case">
Affordable Care Act case


</doc>
<doc id="56821783" url="?curid=56821783" title="40-bit floating-point format">
40-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821789" url="?curid=56821789" title="64-bit floating-point format">
64-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821791" url="?curid=56821791" title="Greatest Hits Volume 2 (The Beatles album)">
Greatest Hits Volume 2 (The Beatles album)


</doc>
<doc id="56821796" url="?curid=56821796" title="80-bit floating-point format">
80-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821803" url="?curid=56821803" title="256-bit floating-point format">
256-bit floating-point format


</doc>
<doc id="56821805" url="?curid=56821805" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 500 metres

The women's 500 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 2 and 3 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56821810" url="?curid=56821810" title="Kamil Arli">
Kamil Arli

Kamil Arli is a prominent Turkish journalist and writer. He has started journalism at Zaman Daily Newspaper and published many articles regarding the Turkish politics. His works also published in Today's Zaman an English daily in Turkey.
Career.
He has specialised in writing about media and diplomacy.
He is the Editor in Digital Review.
He published many articles about technologies.
He wrote a book with 3 languages analysing Turkish media: “Freedom of the Turkish Press: Events and Photographs 2014” in 2015.
He also published a Media report with Journalist Büsra Erdal.
He came to the Meydan from the Zaman Media Group, where he was the Media Correspondent of Zaman Newspaper (Turkey's widest circulating daily) and Media Group. Zaman Daily Newspaper was shut down by the Turkish government &lt;/ref&gt;. He knows Turkish (native), English (advanced), Albanian (basic), German (advanced).

</doc>
<doc id="56821819" url="?curid=56821819" title="Ewelina Brzezińska">
Ewelina Brzezińska

Ewelina Weronika Brzezińska (born Ewelina Sieczka, 26 January 1988 in Sosnowiec) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team.
She participated in the 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix.
From the 2017/2018 season, she plays for the Trefl Proxima Kraków team [1].

</doc>
<doc id="56821825" url="?curid=56821825" title="Sékou Baradji">
Sékou Baradji


</doc>
<doc id="56821828" url="?curid=56821828" title="Faezeh Hashemi Bahramani">
Faezeh Hashemi Bahramani


</doc>
<doc id="56821831" url="?curid=56821831" title="Bank of Bowdle">
Bank of Bowdle

The Bank of Bowdle is a one-story cream-colored brick building with a portico supported by Doric columns, located at 3026 Main St., Bowdle, South Dakota. It was built in 1908, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is significant as the first relatively-fireproof building built on Main Street, after a turn-of-the-20th-century fire. The "Bowdle Pioneer" asserted that the bank "'will be the prettiest building in the northwest part of the state," and, later that "'the interior finish is one of beauty and we doubt if its equal can be found in the state of South Dakota.'"
It later served as a bakery, then as a post office, and in 1985 it was in use as a youth center.

</doc>
<doc id="56821839" url="?curid=56821839" title="Graham Ross (disambiguation)">
Graham Ross (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821841" url="?curid=56821841" title="Godsmack Bulletproof">
Godsmack Bulletproof


</doc>
<doc id="56821847" url="?curid=56821847" title="Rima Khalaf Hunaidi">
Rima Khalaf Hunaidi


</doc>
<doc id="56821851" url="?curid=56821851" title="Ministry of Education, K.S.A.">
Ministry of Education, K.S.A.


</doc>
<doc id="56821858" url="?curid=56821858" title="Not That Bad">
Not That Bad


</doc>
<doc id="56821871" url="?curid=56821871" title="The European Azerbaijan Society (TEAS)">
The European Azerbaijan Society (TEAS)

The European Azerbaijan Society is a lobbying group founded in 2008 which was known for sponsoring luxurious trips for European politicians to travel to Azerbaijan and promoting the authoritarian regime in Azerbaijan. The group was involved in the Azerbaijani laundromat scandal. 
History.
In 2006, Tale Heydarov, the son of Azerbaijani minister of emergency situations Kamaladdin Heydarov, established the London Azerbaijan Society. In 2008, the group was named The European Azerbaijan Society (TEAS).
Initially, the society had two directors – Nijat Heydarov and Tale Heydarov. They were in this position from 2008 until May 2013. From that date to present, the society's director and company secretary has been Lionel David Zetter. Shahin Namati-Nasab was the company secretary from 2008 to 2011. From 2011 to 2013 this position was occupied by Nijat Heydarov. In 2013, the first corporate secretary showed up on the stage – Legis Secretarial Services Limited. In 2014, it was replaced by Nsm Services Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="56821881" url="?curid=56821881" title="1935 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1935 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1935 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the eighth edition of the women's doubles championship.
Mária Mednyánszky and Anna Sipos defeated Marie Kettnerová and Marie Šmídová in the final by three sets to one to record a sixth consecutive world title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56821883" url="?curid=56821883" title="Paperity">
Paperity

Paperity is a multidisciplinary aggregator of open access journals and papers. It was launched in October 2014 with 160,000 articles.
As of December 2020, Paperity includes 7.2 million articles from 15,300 journals, covering all academic disciplines: mathematical sciences, life sciences, medicine, social sciences, humanities, arts. Paperity provides full-text search, RSS feeds and a mobile application to access the literature. All articles are available in full text without fees.
Paperity shares the aggregated metadata with other academic services such as OCLC. 

</doc>
<doc id="56821885" url="?curid=56821885" title="Nabiha Gueddana">
Nabiha Gueddana


</doc>
<doc id="56821893" url="?curid=56821893" title="Maryam Qajar Azodanlu">
Maryam Qajar Azodanlu


</doc>
<doc id="56821909" url="?curid=56821909" title="Inverness Corona">
Inverness Corona

Inverness Corona is a "corona", located at 66.9° S, 325.7 ° E in the southern hemisphere of Miranda, a moon of Uranus. It has a diameter of . This feature is named for the location of Macbeth's castle, Inverness. The area was first examined closely by spacecraft Voyager 2 in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="56821916" url="?curid=56821916" title="Federal Courts Building (disambiguation)">
Federal Courts Building (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56821921" url="?curid=56821921" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 1000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 1000 metres

The men's 1000 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56821930" url="?curid=56821930" title="Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 12.5 kilometres">
Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 12.5 kilometres

The Men's 12.5 kilometres competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Alpensia Biathlon Centre, South Korea. The competition took place on 13 March 2018.
Visually impaired.
In the biathlon visually impaired, the athlete with a visual impairement has a sighted guide. The two skiers are considered a team, and dual medals are awarded.
The race was started at 14:40.
Standing.
The race was started at 12:50.
Sitting.
The race was started at 10:55.

</doc>
<doc id="56821949" url="?curid=56821949" title="FBI Hazardous Devices School">
FBI Hazardous Devices School

The FBI Hazardous Devices School is a training center that trains all of the United States public safety bomb technicians at the federal, state and local level. It is part of the FBI's Critical Incident Response Group.
The school is located on a 455-acre campus at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. The campus contains classrooms, explosive ranges, and mock villages that include a train station, apartment complexes, a movie theater, and a strip mall.
The school opened in 1971, and was jointly run by the FBI and the United States Army for 45 years until 2016, when the FBI took primary responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="56821963" url="?curid=56821963" title="Gharuwood">
Gharuwood


</doc>
<doc id="56821971" url="?curid=56821971" title="Clayton Russon">
Clayton Russon

Sir William Clayton Russon, OBE (30 June 1895 – 16 April 1968), commonly known by his middle name Clayton, was an Anglo-Welsh industrialist and businessman.
Early life and family.
William Clayton Russon was born on 30 June 1895, the son of William Russon and his wife Gertrude Emma, "née" James. The family lived at Selly Park in Warwickshire, but, according to the "Dictionary of Welsh Biography", Gertrude Russon had Welsh ancestry.
Career, honours and legacy.
After leaving King Edward VI School in Birmingham, Russon established his own radio business; in 1932, he bought R. &amp; G. Cuthbert, of Waltham Cross, a company which grew plants, especially roses; by the late 1930s, the firm was selling seeds and in 1940 Russon had it relocated to Dolgellau, then Barmouth and then Llangollen in c. 1942. According to "The Times", Russon and his wife "soon worked it up into a thriving mail order with a fine reputation for quality and keen prices"; he wrote a piece on horticulture for "The Times" – "Mr. Cuthbert's Column" – which carried on for 1,680 issues up to the week before Russon's death.
As his business interests in Wales expanded, Russon became more involved in the public sphere of the country. During and after the Second World War, he took a keen interest in the reorganisation and recovery of Welsh industry especially. In 1939, he took up the chairmanship of the Merioneth National Savings Committee, serving until 1947; in 1944, he became the founding chairman of the North Wales Industrial Society, and then became President of the Industrial Association of Wales and Monmouthshire three years later. In 1946, Russon was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE); the next year, he served as the first President of the Llangollen International Eisteddfod, while also being High Sheriff of Merionethshire for the 1947–48 year. He remained on the Council for Wales and Monmouthshire from 1949 to 1963, and in 1952 he was promoted to Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). In 1958 – the year he became a Member of the Development Corporation for Wales (serving for five years) – Russon was knighted for his contribution to Welsh public life. That year he was also President of Gŵyl Gwerin Cymru (the Festival of Wales). Among his last public appointments was his posting as High Sheriff for Merionethshire for the second time in 1965.
Russon was chairman of a number of seed companies in addition to Cuthbert's. He was an Officer (1960), Commander (1962) and then Knight (1968) of the Order of St John, and a Freeman of the City of London. He died on 16 April 1968. According to "The Times", Russon was "a classic example of a man who through sheer dogged determination created from tiny beginnings a vast, highly respected business"; his work with the North Wales Industrial Association led to its amalgamation with the South Wales and Monmouthshire Industries Association in 1947. His decision to move several of his own businesses to Wales created 500 jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="56821973" url="?curid=56821973" title="Chenxiang">
Chenxiang


</doc>
<doc id="56821977" url="?curid=56821977" title="Virendra Singh (Bhadohi)">
Virendra Singh (Bhadohi)


</doc>
<doc id="56821991" url="?curid=56821991" title="Farah Diba Pahlavi">
Farah Diba Pahlavi


</doc>
<doc id="56821997" url="?curid=56821997" title="Alessandro Da Col">
Alessandro Da Col


</doc>
<doc id="56822012" url="?curid=56822012" title="Pucky Ali">
Pucky Ali

Pucky Ali (born Masood Ali) is a former Indian film actor. He is the eldest son of India's ace comedian Mehmood Ali and elder brother of singer Lucky Ali.
Early and personal life.
Ali is the first of the eight children of the popular Bollywood actor, Mehmood. His mother Mahelaka, was part Bengali and part Pathan, the sister of the popular Indian actress of the 1960s – Meena Kumari. The Bollywood actress and dancer, Minoo Mumtaz, is his paternal aunt. Masood has two children, Mahir and Maseeha. Ali retired from the film industry due to disinterest and currently resides in Bengaluru, Karnataka.
Career.
Pucky Ali acted in the 1978 movie "Ek Baap Chhe Bete", starring his father along with all his brothers and "Hamare Tumhare", which was also the debut movie for Anil Kapoor in 1979. He played the role of AK Hangal's son "Anwar" in the 1982 movie "Khud-Daar", credited as "Ali Masood".

</doc>
<doc id="56822018" url="?curid=56822018" title="Sıla Usar İncirli">
Sıla Usar İncirli

Sıla Usar İncirli ("née" Usar, born 15 December 1972) is a Turkish Cypriot neurologist, politician, researcher and trade unionist. She was elected as a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Northern Cyprus in 2018.
Early life and professional career.
Usar İncirli was born in Nicosia, in 1972 to Naci Talat Usar and Vesile Usar ("née" Vehbi). She attended the Şehit Tuncer Primary School. She graduated from the Türk Maarif Koleji, and started her medical degree in the Hacettepe University of Ankara in 1990, aged 17.
She graduated from the Hacettepe University in 1996 and completed her training to become a specialist in neurology in the İbni Sina Hospital of Ankara University in 2001. She returned to Cyprus in 2002, to work for the Dr. Burhan Nalbantoğlu State Hospital in Nicosia. She was appointed to be the Chief for the Clinic of Neurology of the hospital in 2015. She has been contributing to a variety of researches based on Northern Cyprus in the field of neurology, epidemiology and pathology. She is known for her work on multiple sclerosis, a common demyelinating disease in Northern Cyprus.
Following the 2018 parliamentary election, it was speculated that Usar İncirli was going to be appointed as the Minister of Health for Erhürman cabinet. However she refused the role citing multiple reasons including a lack of practitioners in her field and her desire of continuing her profession rather than being a member of cabinet.
Political and trade union career.
She became the president of Turkish Cypriot Physicians' Union (Tıp-İş), the main trade union of physicians working for state hospitals in Northern Cyprus, in 2015. She received public attention following the strike action by her union in 2017.
She became a candidate of Republican Turkish Party for the 2018 parliamentary election after receiving an invitation from Tufan Erhürman. She was elected as a Member of Parliament, obtaining a seat for Nicosia. She was expected to be the Minister of Health but chose continuing her profession over the cabinet position.
Usar İncirli appointed by her party to be a member of the Parliamentary Committee for Petitions and Ombudsman, and the Parliamentary Committee for Administrative, Public and Health Works on 15 February 2018.
Family and personal life.
Sıla Usar İncirli is married and has a son. She speaks English and French in addition to Turkish.
Usar family.
She is the third person from the Usar family to become a Member of Parliament after her father and her uncle. Usar İncirli's late father, Naci Talat Usar was a famous politician and a figurehead to Turkish Cypriot left as the Secretary General of Republican Turkish Party. He died in 1991 after serving 15 years as a Member of Parliament. Her uncle, Salih Usar also served as a Member of Parliament for 10 years and as a cabinet minister for 4 years. Her brother, Talat Usar is a judge and the President of District Court of Nicosia.
Work with civil society.
Starting from her years in secondary school, she was highly involved with civil society organisations. She worked as a part of executive committees for many different organisations including the Council of University Representatives, the Cyprus Turkish Neurological Sciences Society and the Cyprus Turkish Medical Association. She was also the Head of the International Nicosia Old Town Jazz Festival in 2013 and 2014.
She is currently the President of Naci Talat Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="56822022" url="?curid=56822022" title="Hermosa Creek Wilderness">
Hermosa Creek Wilderness

The Hermosa Creek Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area in La Plata County, Colorado. It s located in the San Juan National Forest north of Durango. It was established by the Hermosa Creek Protection Act of 2014, which also created the adjacent Hermosa Creek Special Management Area, which shares its eastern border, Hermosa Creek. Elevation in the wilderness ranges from along Hermosa Creek to at the high point of Indian Trail Ridge.
Geology.
Sedimentary rocks form the landscape of the Hermosa Creek Wilderness. The majority of the wilderness consists of beds of Paleozoic sediments. The oldest rocks, from the Molas and Hermosa formations (Pennsylvanian), were deposited in marine environments. Then, in the Permian period, there was a transition from marine to terrestrial deposits in the area as the Uncompahgre Highland was uplifted to the north. Sediments eroded from these mountains were deposited here and are found in the Rico and Cutler formations. 
Along Indian Trail Ridge, the highest terrain in the wilderness, the Paleozoic sediments are capped by younger Jurassic sedimentary rocks of the Dolores Formation. Along the southern, highest extent of Indian Trail Ridge, there are yet younger Jurassic rocks of the Morrison Formation and Entrada Sandstone that cap the ridge.
Noticeably lacking in the wilderness are volcanic lavas, tuffs, and conglomerates common in other areas of the San Juan Mountains.
The wilderness was weakly glaciated, and the area lacks distinctive glacial features. Glacial processes along the eastern side of Indian Trail Ridge show subtle cirque characteristics. 
Flora and fauna.
Over 90% of the wilderness is forested, and the most common vegetation type, occupying 42% of the wilderness, is subalpine forest dominated by Engelmann spruce and subalpine fir. While the wilderness has experienced repeated disturbances through the years, one third of the spruce-fir forests here are old growth stands that have avoided decimating fires, disease, insect outbreaks, and logging for centuries. Below the subalpine forests are montane forests where Douglas fir is often dominant. Southwestern white pine, white fir, ponderosa pine, and Colorado blue spruce are also found. Significant stands of aspen occur in the wilderness on historically disturbed sites in both the subalpine and montane zones. Aspen stands cover 27% of the wilderness.
Less common in the wilderness are meadows and shrublands. Alpine tundra, dominated by grasses and forbs, is limited to only the highest elevations of Indian Trail Ridge along the western margin of the wilderness. 
The wilderness provides habitat for mule deer and elk, both popular game animals. Other mammals include black bears, bobcats, coyotes, martens, porcupines, marmots, chickarees, and pikas. Waters in the wilderness are home to the native Colorado River cutthroat trout. Also present are two non-native, introduced species: brook trout and rainbow trout.
Hiking.
Travel through the wilderness is limited to those on foot and horseback. There are only two trails in the wilderness, and both follow creeks from their headwaters on the western border of the wilderness down to the eastern border of the wilderness along Hermosa Creek. The Salt Creek Trail (Forest Trail 559) is long and descends in elevation. The Clear Creek Trail (Forest Trail 550) is long and descends in elevation. Only one trailhead provides direct access to these trails. The Clear Creek Trailhead (elevation ) allows access to the western terminus of the Clear Creek Trail. Accessing either end of the Salt Creek Trail and the eastern terminus of the Clear Creek requires hiking on popular mechanized (bicycle) and motor vehicle use trails that encircle the wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="56822025" url="?curid=56822025" title="Gammel Strand 52">
Gammel Strand 52

Gammel Strand 52/Naboløs 5 is a corner building overlooking Slotsholmens Kanal in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1945.
History.
18th century.
The site was in 1689 part of a larger property (No. 19, Strand Quarter) owned by Jørgen Ehlers. He is remembered for founding Elers' Kollegium in Store Kannikestræde. In 1756, No. 19 was owned by post inspector Peter Bech.
The property was together with most of the other buildings in the area destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795. The site was after the fire acquired by master builder Hans Christian Ondrup (1751-1814). He divided into three separate properties. The corner building was as No. 16A constructed by him in 179697. It was followed by No. 19B (now Naboløs 3 in 1798 and finally No. 19C at the corner with Læderstræde in 1798-99.
19th century.
The property was in the new cadastre of 1806 listed as No. 16. It was by then owned by bookdealer G. L. Buch.
The building was in 1826 acquired by chancery secretary Emil Hjort (179769). He was in 1830 appointed as 

</doc>
<doc id="56822027" url="?curid=56822027" title="Battle of Mozhaysk">
Battle of Mozhaysk

The Battle of Mozhaysk was a series of battles at the final stage of the Polish-Muscovite War (1605-1618) on the western approaches to Moscow. The battle is part of the Moscow campaign of Wladyslaw IV. During months of fighting, the Russian armies managed to maintain their combat capability and prevent the rapid seizure of Moscow. However, the threat of encirclement forced the Russian troops to retreat, opening the way for the enemy to the capital.
Prelude.
After the victory over the Polish-Lithuanian troops in the Battle of Moscow (1612) and the election of Tsar Michael Romanov, Russian troops passed into a counteroffensive. In the years 1613-14 they managed to free most of the captured cities from the Polish-Lithuanian troops and even undertake several raids on the territory of Lithuania. However, the main goal of the campaign - recapture of Smolensk - failed. In turn, the Polish king Sigismund III did not give up attempts to subjugate the Russian state, in the name of his son Wladyslaw. The new campaign in 1617 was presented as an action by the "legitimate" Tsar Wladyslaw Vasa against the "usurper" Michael Romanov. The Crown forces led by Prince Wladyslaw (6,000 men) and Lithuanian under the command of the Great Hetman Ian Karol Khodkevich (6,500 men) took part in the campaign. Prince Wladyslaw started from Warsaw on April 5, 1617, but only in September arrived in Smolensk. In October 1617 Dorogobuzh and Vyazma surrendered to "Tsar" Wladyslaw without battle. In fact, on the enemy's path to the capital, there was only poorly fortified Mozhaysk and a weak army with low morale.
Battle.
The Russian government pulled all available forces into the western direction, and in the Mozhaysk area, the Poles were given serious resistance. Russian regiments of Voivode "Boris Lykov" (5.300 cavalry and 460 Streltsy), "Dmitry Cherkassky" (4.500 cavalry and 780 Streltsy), and Dmitry Pozharsky (3.900 cavalry and 1.500 Streltsy) heavily fortified Mozhaysk and several surrounding towns and monasteries. Fierce fighting near Mozhaysk lasted for entire the spring and summer of 1618, with the Polish-Lithuanian army unable to break Russian defenses. On July 30, 1618, a detachment of Lisowczycy under the command of "Chaplinsky" blocked the supply route from Moscow. Soon a Cossack defector informed the Russians that Wladyslaw was going to firmly besiege the Russian fortified camps and force them to surrender with hunger. Supplies in the camps were not enough, especially after a part of their train was lost in battle. Realizing this, the government already on August 2, 1618, sent an order to the Voivodes to withdraw from Mozhaysk to Moscow, leaving there a garrison with sufficient supplies.
Aftermath.
The fighting near Mozhaysk was not considered a failure by the Russian command. In the course of almost half a year of confrontation (the first half of 1618), Prince Wladyslaw's offensive was delayed, enabling the preparations for the defense of Moscow. The stubborn resistance of the Russian troops dispelled the illusions of the Polish prince about the possibility of resuming the Time of Troubles. On the side of "the lawful Tsar Wladyslaw", only the garrison of "Dorogobuzh" and several Cossack villages defected. Rebellion against the Romanovs, which Polish invaders expected, did not happen.

</doc>
<doc id="56822028" url="?curid=56822028" title="Tatuus F4-T014">
Tatuus F4-T014

The Tatuus F4-T014 is an junior formula racing car introduced in 2014 by Italian manufacturer Tatuus. The basic chassis is also used in the Tatuus MSV F4-016, Tatuus USF-17 and the Tatuus PM-18.
F4-T014 and MSV F4-016.
The Tatuus F4-T014 was the first racing car homologated according to the FIA Formula 4 rules. The car was first used in the 2014 Italian F4 Championship, won by Lance Stroll. As of 2015 the chassis is also used in the ADAC Formula 4 and the SMP F4 Championship. The Italian manufacturer also got competition with Mygale and Dome entering the FIA Formula 4 market in separate championships. In 2016 Tatuus expanded further supplying the proven chassis to the Spanish and UAE championships. All Tatuus Formula 4 chassis are powered by the Abarth 1.4L inline 4 engine.
The BRDC Formula 4 Championship (not to be confused with the F4 British Championship) was launched by MotorSport Vision using the RFR MSV F4-013 chassis. Tatuus adapted the Tatuus F4-014 chassis to a more powerful Cosworth-Duratec engine. The car was first used in the 2015 BRDC Formula 4 Autumn Trophy won by Ben Barnicoat. The engine used has 70hp more than the Formula 4 spec version, making the car 10 seconds a lap quicker at most circuits. Besides the more powerful engine, the MSV version also has more aero adjustable components.
USF2000 and Pro Mazda.
Tatuus was announced as the sole chassis supplier for the USF2000 in October 2015. The Tatuus USF-17 replaced the ageing Van Diemen DP08, a tube chassis racecar in use since 2008. To cope with the added risk of racing on oval circuits the car was updated with zylon side intrusion panels. The car is powered by a 2.0L Mazda engine. The USF2000 chassis is also the base car for the Pro Mazda chassis. The Pro Mazda car features the most powerful engine of all F4 based cars, a 2.0L Mazda MZR-PM18A. The engine, developed by Elite Engines, produces 275hp. Mazda factory driver Joel Miller was selecte to testdrive both the USF-17 and PM-18.

</doc>
<doc id="56822031" url="?curid=56822031" title="Sahar Al Hawari">
Sahar Al Hawari


</doc>
<doc id="56822036" url="?curid=56822036" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 1000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 1000 metres

The women's 1000 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56822037" url="?curid=56822037" title="Sherihan Ahmed Abdel Fattah el Shalakani">
Sherihan Ahmed Abdel Fattah el Shalakani


</doc>
<doc id="56822043" url="?curid=56822043" title="Sherihan Ahmed Abd El Fatah Al Shalakani">
Sherihan Ahmed Abd El Fatah Al Shalakani


</doc>
<doc id="56822049" url="?curid=56822049" title="Tatuus USF-17">
Tatuus USF-17


</doc>
<doc id="56822059" url="?curid=56822059" title="Nouhad Wadie' Haddad">
Nouhad Wadie' Haddad


</doc>
<doc id="56822065" url="?curid=56822065" title="Tatuus PM-18">
Tatuus PM-18


</doc>
<doc id="56822070" url="?curid=56822070" title="Nuhad Haddad">
Nuhad Haddad


</doc>
<doc id="56822072" url="?curid=56822072" title="Tatuus MSV F4-016">
Tatuus MSV F4-016


</doc>
<doc id="56822074" url="?curid=56822074" title="The Medusa Chronicles">
The Medusa Chronicles

The Medusa Chronicles is a 2016 science fiction novel by Alastair Reynolds and Stephen Baxter, a sequel to Arthur C. Clarke's 1971 novella "A Meeting with Medusa".
Plot.
The novel expands on the premise of Clarke's story, taking the main character into the distant future, while also going into the past to show that both the novel and the original Clarke story are set in an alternative history where in 1968, NASA and the Soviet space program united to prevent an asteroid from impacting Earth. 
Reception.
A reviewer of "Publishers Weekly" stated "The novel’s reach does come at the expense of some psychological depth, but fans of the authors’ other work won’t be disappointed." Allen Stroud of SF Book Review mentioned ""The Medusa Chronicles" is an excellent read, continuing where Clarke left its principle character and expanding his ideas in a way that pays homage but also expresses the gift of the two writers who have chosen to take their pens to this future fiction world". 

</doc>
<doc id="56822077" url="?curid=56822077" title="Newfoundland and Labrador Route 450A">
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 450A

Route 450A, also known as Lewin Parkway, is an alternate route of Route 450 in the city of Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador. The route runs from Route 450, through downtown Corner Brook, to Route 1 (Trans-Canada Highway). Lewin Parkway functions as a city route through Corner Brook, and is designated as the route between Route 450 and Route 1. Route 450A is about long.
The section of Route 450A between the Trans-Canada Highway and the Riverside Drive is designated as a "Core Route" (Intermodule link) of Canada's National Highway System as it connects Route 1 with the Port of Corner Brook.

</doc>
<doc id="56822078" url="?curid=56822078" title="Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Women's 10 kilometres">
Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Women's 10 kilometres

The Women's 10 kilometres competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Alpensia Biathlon Centre,
South Korea. The competition took place on 13 March 2018.
Visually impaired.
In the biathlon visually impaired, the athlete with a visual impairement has a sighted guide. The two skiers are considered a team, and dual medals are awarded.
The race was started at 14:20.
Standing.
The race was started at 12:30.
Sitting.
The race was started at 10:00.

</doc>
<doc id="56822087" url="?curid=56822087" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Motion Picture">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Motion Picture


</doc>
<doc id="56822091" url="?curid=56822091" title="Zohra ben Lakhdar Akrout">
Zohra ben Lakhdar Akrout


</doc>
<doc id="56822095" url="?curid=56822095" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822101" url="?curid=56822101" title="Sıla Usar">
Sıla Usar


</doc>
<doc id="56822102" url="?curid=56822102" title="List of Atari Jaguar homebrew games">
List of Atari Jaguar homebrew games

This is a list of titles for the Atari Jaguar and its CD add-on developed and released by independent developers and publishers. Many of the games present here have been released long after the end of the console's official life span in 1996, with the last officially licensed title released in 1998. Consequently, these homebrew games are not endorsed or licensed by Atari. After the properties of Atari Corporation were bought out by Hasbro Interactive in 1998, the rights and patents to the Jaguar were released into the public domain in 1999, declaring the console an open platform and opening the doors for homebrew development. Thanks to this, a few developers and publishers such as AtariAge, B&amp;C Computervisions, Piko Interactive, Songbird Productions and Video61 continue to release previously unfinished games from the Jaguar's past life cycle, as well as new titles, to satisfy the system's cult following as of date.
Homebrew games for the Atari Jaguar are released in either cartridge, CD or both formats to satisfy system owners. Titles released in the CD format are either glass mastered, or burned on regular CD-Rs however, since the add-on was released in very limited quantities, most homebrew developers publish their works either online on forums or on cartridge via independent publishers. Many of the cartridge releases are styled as retail Jaguar titles from the era. As both systems do not enforce regional locking all titles are region free but some titles, such as "Gorf Classic" and the initial release of "Black Out!" do not work correctly on PAL systems. Some of the earliest CD releases were not encrypted, requiring either B&amp;C's Jaguar CD Bypass Cartridge or Reboot's Jagtopia (Freeboot) program burned into a CD in order to run unencrypted CD games, however Curt Vendel of Atari Museum released the binaries and encryption keys for both cartridge and CD formats, making it possible to run games without the need for development hardware. The first homebrew title programmed for the Jaguar dates back to 1995, which was a Jaguar version of "Tetris" called "JSTetris" (often referred as "Jaguar Tetris" or "JagTris") developed using a hacked Jaguar (BJL, ROM replaced by custom software).
The following list includes all of the post-release titles as of 2018, as well as homebrew games and demos made by the community. There has been an increase in the number of homebrew games being released for the Jaguar in recent years, which started in 2016 and 2017 saw the highest number of new titles released for the system since 1998.
Homebrew games and demos.
These are small games and demos made by multiple members and groups of the Jaguar homebrew community:

</doc>
<doc id="56822103" url="?curid=56822103" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Editing">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Editing


</doc>
<doc id="56822107" url="?curid=56822107" title="List of shipwrecks in April 1843">
List of shipwrecks in April 1843

The list of shipwrecks in April 1843 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during April 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="56822108" url="?curid=56822108" title="Sıla İncirli">
Sıla İncirli


</doc>
<doc id="56822110" url="?curid=56822110" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822114" url="?curid=56822114" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Animated Short">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Animated Short


</doc>
<doc id="56822116" url="?curid=56822116" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design


</doc>
<doc id="56822121" url="?curid=56822121" title="Canadian Screen Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design">
Canadian Screen Award for Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design


</doc>
<doc id="56822131" url="?curid=56822131" title="Theosophy (disambiguation)">
Theosophy (disambiguation)

Theosophy is a religion established in the United States during the late 19th century.
Theosophy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56822137" url="?curid=56822137" title="2018 New York City helicopter incident">
2018 New York City helicopter incident


</doc>
<doc id="56822139" url="?curid=56822139" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Cinematography


</doc>
<doc id="56822145" url="?curid=56822145" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Costume Design">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Costume Design


</doc>
<doc id="56822147" url="?curid=56822147" title="Fritz Wagnerberger">
Fritz Wagnerberger

Fritz Wagnerberger (14 June 1937 – 23 March 2010) was a German alpine skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822154" url="?curid=56822154" title="B Group">
B Group


</doc>
<doc id="56822156" url="?curid=56822156" title="William Clayton Russon">
William Clayton Russon


</doc>
<doc id="56822158" url="?curid=56822158" title="David Brinley Clay Jones">
David Brinley Clay Jones


</doc>
<doc id="56822160" url="?curid=56822160" title="List of cancelled Atari Jaguar games">
List of cancelled Atari Jaguar games

This is a list of cancelled games for the Atari Jaguar and Atari Jaguar CD.
List.
There are currently games on this list.

</doc>
<doc id="56822162" url="?curid=56822162" title="Tin based perovskite solar cells">
Tin based perovskite solar cells


</doc>
<doc id="56822166" url="?curid=56822166" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Direction">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Direction


</doc>
<doc id="56822169" url="?curid=56822169" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Feature Length Documentary">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Feature Length Documentary


</doc>
<doc id="56822174" url="?curid=56822174" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Live Action Short Drama">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Live Action Short Drama


</doc>
<doc id="56822176" url="?curid=56822176" title="Greatness Brickworks">
Greatness Brickworks

Greatness Brickworks is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Sevenoaks in Kent. It is a Geological Conservation Review site. 
This Cretaceous site is highly fossiliferous, with many ammonites. It is described by Natural England as "of vital importance in biostratigraphic research on the Gault of the Weald".
The site is private land with no public access.

</doc>
<doc id="56822179" url="?curid=56822179" title="Lanceae">
Lanceae


</doc>
<doc id="56822181" url="?curid=56822181" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Music – Original Score">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Music – Original Score


</doc>
<doc id="56822186" url="?curid=56822186" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Music – Original Song">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Music – Original Song


</doc>
<doc id="56822189" url="?curid=56822189" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Screenplay">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Screenplay


</doc>
<doc id="56822193" url="?curid=56822193" title="Note to Self (book)">
Note to Self (book)

Note to Self is a memoir released by American YouTuber, entrepreneur, and author Connor Franta. It was released on April 18, 2017 by Atria/Keywords Press, an imprint of Simon &amp; Schuster. It follows his 2015 memoir, "A Work in Progress", and is succeeded by the 2021 memoir "House Fires".
The book was written as a cathartic outlet, while Franta undertook therapy for clinically-diagnosed depression in 2015. The sections are composed of short personal essays, stories, poetry, photography, letters to his past and future selves, and diary-style entries which focus on his experiences of depression, loss in love, coming out of the closet and social anxiety.
A Rockville tour event for the book included an adaption into an interactive three-room sensory art exhibition, alongside a question and answer session with Franta.
Critical reception and reviews.
Common Sense Media gave "Note to Self" a rating of four out of five stars, stating, in part, "Mature teens and young adults will [find] a lot to reflect on, as they’re figuring out how to be true to themselves... and how they have and will change during an important, formative time in their lives. ...Readers will be encouraged to make connections to their own experiences and feelings and to make connections with others in turn." Moreover, it is also rated as a 14+ book by the Common Sense Media, in part, "Sexual content is mild and infrequent, with a couple of kisses mentioned and some talk about "hookup" culture as negative. A couple of times he mentions having thought ["sic"] about suicide".
It ranked as the twelfth bestselling hardcover nonfiction book in the "New York Times" for late April 2017.
The book was listed as number 9 in the Top Ten Biographies in Australia's "The Sunday Age" in July 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56822196" url="?curid=56822196" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Short Documentary">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Short Documentary


</doc>
<doc id="56822198" url="?curid=56822198" title="1985 Giro del Trentino">
1985 Giro del Trentino

The 1985 Giro del Trentino was the ninth edition of the Tour of the Alps cycle race and was held on 7 May to 9 May 1985. The race started in Riva del Garda and finished in Arco. The race was won by Harald Maier.

</doc>
<doc id="56822202" url="?curid=56822202" title="Jim Barrier">
Jim Barrier

James Marvin Barrier (August 7, 1940 – August 26, 2000) was an American alpine ski racer and a member of the United States Ski Team. He competed in two events at the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Born and raised in Wallace, Idaho, Barrier learned to race at nearby Lookout Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="56822205" url="?curid=56822205" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Overall Sound">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Overall Sound


</doc>
<doc id="56822208" url="?curid=56822208" title="Stu Townsend">
Stu Townsend

Stu Townsend (born 11 October 1995) is a scrum-half playing professional rugby union for Exeter Chiefs in Premiership Rugby.
Early life.
Born in Torbay, Townsend was first introduced to rugby as a six-year-old at his local club Kingsbridge, he was educated at the local Primary and Community College before attending Ivybridge Community College, where he joined the Exeter Chiefs Academy system.
Early career.
Townsend featured for England at various age levels, including that of the Under-20s, and also in the National Leagues with both Taunton Titans and the Cornish Pirates.
Exeter Chiefs.
After playing regularly in the Championship Townsend was recalled to the Chiefs squad midway through the 16/17 season after injuries to fellow nines, Dave Lewis and Will Chudley.
After a number of appearances off the bench both in the Premiership and Europe, on his first full starting appearance he scored a try against Leicester Tigers at Welford Road.
He started the final as Exeter Chiefs defeated Wasps to be crowned champions of the 2016-17 English Premiership.
He scored a try for Exeter in the second minute of the semi-final against Newcastle Falcons to help book a place in the final of the Anglo-Welsh Cup for Exeter to be played against Bath Rugby on the 18 March 2018. The final was rearranged to March 30 due to snow and Townsend played as the Chiefs won 28-11.

</doc>
<doc id="56822215" url="?curid=56822215" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Sound Editing">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Achievement in Sound Editing


</doc>
<doc id="56822217" url="?curid=56822217" title="Jules LeBlanc">
Jules LeBlanc

Julianna Grace LeBlanc (; born December 5, 2004), known professionally as both Annie LeBlanc and Jules LeBlanc, is an American YouTuber, actress, singer, and former gymnast. In December 2018, "Business Insider" called her one of the "most famous teens in the world." She has been featured in online videos since she was four years old and has an extensive online following. She stars as Rhyme in the family drama "Chicken Girls" on Brat on YouTube, starred in the YouTube Brat show "A Girl Named Jo" playing the part of Jo Chambers, and also played Rhyme in "". LeBlanc portrays Lex in the Nickelodeon buddy comedy television series "Side Hustle". She starred on the "Bratayley" family vlog from 2010 to 2019 and the YouTube Red Originals series "We Are Savvy" from 2016 to 2018.
Early life.
Julianna LeBlanc was born to parents Billy and Katie while her father was stationed at Fort Gordon, Georgia. She has two siblings, a younger sister Hayley Noelle, and an older brother Caleb Logan (July 13, 2002 – October 1, 2015). In 2015, Caleb died from a heart condition, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy at the age of 13. LeBlanc started taking gymnastics classes when she was 2 years old, and her family started posting videos of her online when she was three. She trained as a gymnast until August 2017.
The LeBlancs previously lived in Severna Park, Maryland but then moved to Los Angeles, California so that LeBlanc would be able to start acting and doing music.
Career.
LeBlanc was originally known for her gymnastic videos. Her gymnastic meets and tutorials started being published in 2008 on her YouTube channel, formerly known as Acroanna, when she was 3 years old. The channel's name was changed in 2017, and now features music videos of Jules Leblanc.
LeBlanc is one of the stars of a daily vlog on the YouTube channel "Bratayley" (7.3M+ subscribers). The vlog, which was initially just for relatives and started being filmed when LeBlanc was six, follows the lives of the LeBlanc family; no further videos have been posted since November 2019. The stars include parents Billy and Katie with their two daughters Annie and Hayley. The name "Bratayley" was initially a nickname for Hayley, combining the word "brat" and the name "Hayley."
LeBlanc had begun to receive attention for her music on her TikTok handle @julesleblanc. In April 2018, she won the Shorty Award for "Muser of the Year".
LeBlanc and Hayden Summerall collaborated on a YouTube cover of "Little Do You Know" by Alex &amp; Sierra, which went viral. LeBlanc and Summerall's cover appeared at position 48 on the Emerging Artists Billboard Chart. LeBlanc and Summerall were cast as leads in "Chicken Girls" despite having no acting experience prior to starring in the series. In August 2017, Brat released the series on YouTube. The series features LeBlanc and Summerall's relationship, and focuses on the daily lives of a group of friends and dancers at the faux high school, "Attaway High". The show's debut episode has received over 10 million YouTube views, and as of May 2018, the second season had between 2 million and 4.5 million views per episode.
On September 9, 2017, LeBlanc's cover of the song "Fly" by Maddie &amp; Tae peaked at 34 on the Billboard Charts in "Country" songs. In November 2017, LeBlanc released her first original single, "Ordinary Girl." In December 2017, teen fan magazine "Tiger Beat" announced that LeBlanc would be going on her first U.S. tour in early 2018. In February 2018, LeBlanc released a single, "Little Things." In early May 2018, LeBlanc released a new pop country compilation album on iTunes called, "Lollipop", with music label Heard Well. The curated collection also includes two songs by LeBlanc, "Somebody's Heart" and "Photograph." She then released her new single "Picture This" in early June with social media star Austin Brown. A little before December 2018, she released her single "It’s Gonna Snow" as a new Christmas Carol.
In August 2017, YouTube greenlit the YouTube Red Originals series, "We Are Savvy", as a continuation of a teen magazine series of the same name on Canada's Family Channel. LeBlanc was introduced as a co-host of the series, which debuted with over 4.2M+ views in its pilot episode and focuses on music, fashion, and lifestyle elements.
In February 2018, Variety announced that Lionsgate would be distributing a full-length feature film of "". There is also a deal with Skyhorse Publishing to turn the show into a book series. In September 2018, the third season of Chicken Girls premiered on Brat's YouTube channel. Season 4 premiered on March 19, 2019.
In May 2018, LeBlanc and her sister Hayley LeBlanc were cast in a new series on the Brat YouTube channel. That same month, it was announced that LeBlanc and Addison Riecke would star in a Brat teen mystery series called "A Girl Named Jo" which takes place in 1963 in a small town. Also in May 2018, Leblanc appeared in Asher Angel's music video for "Chemistry" as the fans dubbed them as "Ashannie".
In December 2018 she starred in Brat's feature film, Holiday Spectacular. Months later, she also starred in another Brat feature film, Spring Breakaway.
In November 2019, Bratayley stopped making family vlogs after 9 years, for the family to focus on other projects.
In February 2020, LeBlanc was cast in a lead role for a Nickelodeon buddy comedy series, "Side Hustle" alongside Jayden Bartels. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Nickelodeon offered LeBlanc and Bartels a virtually-produced talk show titled "Group Chat", which premiered on May 23, 2020. "Side Hustle" premiered in November 2020.
Personal life.
In 2020, she stopped going by her nickname "Annie", and started going by "Jules", a diminutive of her birth name, Julianna.

</doc>
<doc id="56822219" url="?curid=56822219" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822223" url="?curid=56822223" title="Kirstjen M. Nielsen">
Kirstjen M. Nielsen


</doc>
<doc id="56822225" url="?curid=56822225" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822233" url="?curid=56822233" title="Fredy Brupbacher">
Fredy Brupbacher

Fredy Brupbacher (28 November 1934 – 9 April 2018) was a Swiss alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1960 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822243" url="?curid=56822243" title="Amanda Williams (artist)">
Amanda Williams (artist)

Amanda Williams (born 1974) is a visual artist based in Bridgeport, Chicago. Williams grew up in Chicago's South Side and trained as an architect. Her work investigates color, race, and space while blurring the conventional line between art and architecture. She has taught at the California College of the Arts in San Francisco, Sam Fox School at Washington University in St. Louis, Illinois Institute of Technology, and her alma mater Cornell University. Williams has lectured and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New Museum, School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and at a TED conference.
Early life and education.
Williams was born in Evanston, Illinois and grew up in the Auburn-Gresham neighborhood in the South Side of Chicago, attending the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools for high school. She received her Bachelor of Architecture from Cornell University in 1997, where she was a member of the Quill and Dagger society, and worked for a commercial architecture firm in San Francisco for six years before returning to Chicago to pursue art full-time.
Career and Important Works.
William's work deals with the intersection of race, urban space, and color and is heavily influenced by her background as an architect. While enrolled at Center Program in Chicago, Williams felt unsatisfied with paint on canvas, and was challenged by visiting critic Tricia van Eck to enlarge the scale of her work to match her architecture.
In addition to large works, Williams has installed an exhibition at the Storefront for Art and Architecture in New York. The work titled "What Black is This, You Say?" is a response to the movement for black lives spurred by the killing of George Floyd.
Color(ed) Theory.
Her most famous project, "Color(ed) Theory", which debuted at the Chicago Architecture Biennial in 2015, was met with critical acclaim for its confrontational look at race and space in the South Side of Chicago. Between 2014 and 2016, Williams repainted eight vacated and condemned houses in the Englewood neighborhood with the help of friends and family members. The artist chose eight colors she felt best represented black consumer culture specific to the South Side of Chicago, including Harold's Chicken Shack red, Newport 100's teal, Crown Royal Bag purple, Flamin’ Hot Cheetos orange, Ultrasheen conditioner blue, Pink Oil moisturizer, Currency Exchange yellow, and Safe Passage yellow. The bright colors converted the desolate, abandoned homes into sculptural objects, drawing attention to the issue of underinvestment in black communities and the corresponding decline of those neighborhoods. The project was displayed as a series of photographs.
Uppity Negress.
Part of The Arts Club of Chicago Garden Projects, "Uppity Negress" is a site specific, exterior installation. Positioned in the intermediate space between public and private, the installation addresses accessibility and authority in urban space. The piece engages the existing fence with a secondary fence that breaks away and deconstructs itself from the original boundary. Through the process of de-familiarization, Williams begins to question the connotations that fences hold and their dual function as both containers and barriers, particularly, in relation to gender and race. Referencing the contemporary usage of the term "uppity negress", Williams creates a disorienting space with a deformed fence referencing black women's place in the city.
Chicago Works: First Solo Exhibition (MCA Chicago).
For her first solo-show, which ran in the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, from July 18 to December 31 in 2017, the artist presented work responding to changes in contemporary urban spaces. The show featured sculptures and photography that focused on the relationship between context and material value. Williams asked viewers to consider the social, political and racial narratives which contribute to the devaluation of a neighborhood. Although her work focused specifically on neighborhoods on Chicago's South Side, the ideas are applicable to nearly every modern urban landscape.
Williams’ gold brick installations that were featured in the show examined the evolution of urban landscape and questioned the legitimacy of how we assess the value of architecture in declining neighborhoods. With the help of family members and friends, William's painstakingly painted imitation gold-leaf onto locally sourced bricks from the demolished remains of the "Color(ed) Theory" houses. In "It’s a Gold mine/ Is the Gold Mine?" a stack of bricks painted gold are displayed on an artist-made pallet. By using bricks from demolished buildings, Williams attaches commercial and conceptual value to salvaged material deemed useless in their previous contexts. Painting them gold and leaving them on display in art museums adds another level of prestige and merit to the objects’ worth, alluding to the historic significance of the "gold standard." William plays with desire and access in "She’s Mighty Mighty, Just Letting’ It All Hang Out," where a golden brick wall completely blocks off one of the gallery entrances. There was also a room barred by stacks of gold bricks, inaccessible to viewers aside from a small opening, although William's arranged for residents of Englewood to have exclusive access to it. The gold bricks were an extension of her project "Color(ed) Theory," and highlight how demolition and renewal can shape the lives of urban populations, raising difficult questions about social and political undertones in Chicago.
Cadastral Shaking.
For the inauguration of Lori Lightfoot's mayoral office in Chicago, the Smart Museum of Art loaned "Cadastral Shaking (Chicago v1)", part of a series of screen and relief prints that Williams journalist Natalie Y. Moore based on maps of Chicago created by the Federal Housing Administration that began the practice of redlining.
She Built NYC.
Amanda Williams, with Olalekan Jeyifous, was awarded the commission for the public monument that will honor Shirley Chisholm, slated for Prospect Park, Brooklyn on April 24, 2019.
What black is this you say?
From November to December 2020, William presented a series of multi-platform, color artwork at the Rhona Hoffman Gallery, in Chicago. This was an informal response to #Blackout Tuesday, a social media movement in protest of the killing of George Floyd. Through this artwork, she wanted to explore the plurality, complexity and nuance of the shade, in relation to the Black experience.
Selected exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions:
2017:
2015:
Group exhibitions:
2019:
2018:
2016:
2015:

</doc>
<doc id="56822248" url="?curid=56822248" title="Mario Vera">
Mario Vera

Mario Vera (born 18 January 1940) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822262" url="?curid=56822262" title="Takashi Takeda">
Takashi Takeda

Takashi Takeda (born 20 February 1940) is a Japanese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1960 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822265" url="?curid=56822265" title="Seventh Coast Guard District">
Seventh Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822272" url="?curid=56822272" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Comedy Series">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Comedy Series


</doc>
<doc id="56822279" url="?curid=56822279" title="Diego Schweizer">
Diego Schweizer

Diego Schweizer (born 19 July 1938) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1960 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822281" url="?curid=56822281" title="Antarctic flying squid">
Antarctic flying squid

The Antarctic flying squid ("Todarodes filippovae") is a species of squid from the subfamily Todarodinae of the family Ommastrephidae, a family of pelagic squid from the order Oegopsida. It has a circumglobal distribution in the seas around the lower latitudes of the Southern Oceans.
Description.
The Antarctic flying squid is a large species of oceanic pelagic squid which grows to a mantle length of greater than 52 cm in females and 40 cm in males. It has a long, narrow and muscular mantle, which has a width which is roughly a quarter of its length, tapering posteriorly to a pointed tail. The fins are arrowhead shaped and both their length and width are roughly equivalent to half that of the mantle.
The basal suckers on the arms have around 10 teeth but there are no alternating small teeth. The fourth right arm has a hectocotylised distal portion which takes up one fifth to one third of the arm's length. This portion has the suckers transformed to papillae and tubercles, a ventral protective membrane and an expansive development of trabeculae. The robust and large tentacles have almost their entire length taken up by the tentacular clubs which have 12-14 transverse rows of suckers on the manus, the largest of which has 7-13 teeth on its ring and a diameter equal to 2.7-4.5% of the mantle length. The tentacle also has two pairs of carpal suckers.
Distribution.
The Antarctic flying squid has a circumglobal distribution in the Southern Ocean south of 35°S and it is common in the waters of the subtropical convergence zone. It has been found as far north as Peru but these are thought to have drifted north on the Humboldt Current.
Habitat and biology.
The Antarctic flying squid occurs over the continental slope and oceanic waters with depths between 0 and 1,200m. It has been caught from near to the bottom, through the water column to near the surface at night. This species is associated with faster currents and with a wide variation in temperature from cold Antarctic water 1t 3-3.6 °C to waters as warm as 24 °C. The spawning season occurs between December and August when mature males form a greater proportion of the population off southern New South Wales, this suggests that mating and spawning most likely takes place towards the northernmost limits of the species distribution in this area. Spermatophores are obvious in males which have attained a mantle length of 260 mm while those at 320 mm mantle length bear formed spermatophores. The smallest mature female recorded having eggs in the oviduct was measured with a mantle length of 380 mm. Studies in South African waters indicate a similarly extended spawning period running from February to August. In addition, data gathered on specimens sampled from stomachs of commercially whaled sperm whales off Durban suggest that Antarctic flying squid breed off the southeast African coast. Like most members of the Ommastrephidae growth is rapid and the life cycle is completed in one year, although little is known about the early life stages of this species, with the females growing faster than the males. Both this species and the Angolan flying squid grow faster in cooler ater than they do in warmer temperatures.
This species preys on fishes, crustaceans and cephalopods. Smaller squids have crustaceans as the predominant element in their diet while larger squid, larger than 200mm mantle length, feed mainly on cephalopods. This species is also preyed upon by several fish species, sea birds and marine mammals, up to the size of sperm whales. The adult Antarctic flying squids may bear large parasite loads of encysted nematodes and cestodes in their mantle tissue.
Fisheries.
This species has been targeted by commercial fisheries in the Falkland Islands and the Tasman Sea and is currently taken as a bycatch in fisheries pursuing other species. Its abundance and muscular flesh suggest it could be a viable commercial species.

</doc>
<doc id="56822288" url="?curid=56822288" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Dramatic Series">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Dramatic Series


</doc>
<doc id="56822290" url="?curid=56822290" title="Eleventh Coast Guard District">
Eleventh Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822292" url="?curid=56822292" title="Brahmaputra Floods">
Brahmaputra Floods


</doc>
<doc id="56822294" url="?curid=56822294" title="Todarodes filippovae">
Todarodes filippovae


</doc>
<doc id="56822296" url="?curid=56822296" title="The Meteors (British band)">
The Meteors (British band)


</doc>
<doc id="56822301" url="?curid=56822301" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822304" url="?curid=56822304" title="Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role">
Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role


</doc>
<doc id="56822307" url="?curid=56822307" title="Adolf Mathis">
Adolf Mathis

Adolf Mathis (22 May 1938 – 19 February 2021) was a Swiss alpine skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822324" url="?curid=56822324" title="Sverre Kråkenes">
Sverre Kråkenes

Sverre Kråkenes (born 11 March 1931) is a Norwegian competition rower. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics. His brothers Harald and Thorstein are also Olympic competition rowers.

</doc>
<doc id="56822356" url="?curid=56822356" title="Sigga Björg Sigurðardóttir">
Sigga Björg Sigurðardóttir

Sigga Björg Sigurðardóttir (born 1977) is an Icelandic artist.
She was born in Reykjavík, studied at the Iceland Academy of the Arts and went on to receive a MFA from the Glasgow School of Art. She has had solo exhibitions in Reykjavík, Frankfurt, New York City and Montreal and participated in group exhibitions at the Gothenburg Art Museum, the Centre for Contemporary Arts in Glasgow and the Reykjavík Art Museum.
She works with drawing, painting, sculpture and animation. Her art evokes a mythical world infused with both humour and wildness. Her figures combine attributes of both humans and beasts. She also produced art for album covers for various artists including Jónsi, Sigur Rós and Alex Somers. In 2014, she collaborated with Erica Eyres in an installation at the art museum called "Sniffer".
Her work is held in collections around the world including the Zabludowicz Art Trust in London, the Nordic Watercolour Museum in Sweden, the Kunsthaus Zürich in Switzerland and the Reykjavík Art Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="56822359" url="?curid=56822359" title="Mia Zutter">
Mia Zutter

Mia Zutter (born July 16, 1999) is an American Paralympic athlete who competes in Nordic skiing in the B3 classification. She made her Paralympic debut at the 2018 Winter Games as part of the United States team.
Career.
Mia Zutter was born in Fridley, Minnesota, on July 16, 1999, to Michael and Jennifer Zutter. In 2011, Mia was diagnosed with Stargardt disease, which resulted in the loss of her central vision. This was shortly prior to her seventh grade at school. She had already been involved heavily in running at the time, and continued to do so with the aid of a guide. In her sophomore year at Sun Prairie High School in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, her story was covered by the "Wisconsin State Journal", which brought her to the attention of the Central Cross Country Ski Association. They offered her a place on their Paralympic development team, which she accepted with the support of her parents.
In January 2016, she competed in the International Paralympic Committee Nordic Skiing Continental Cup at Craftsbury, Vermont, which also doubled as the US Paralympics National competition. She performed well, qualifying for a World Cup test event in Finesterau, Germany during the following month. Later that year in June, she was named to the US Paralympic Development Team. She continued to compete, seeking to qualify for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. After her results at a World Cup event in Canmore, Alberta in December 2017, she was informed at the end of the following January that she had been named to the United States team to compete in three or four events. At the time of her selection, she was a student at the College of St. Scholastica. She is classified in the B3 class for Paralympic competition.
2018 Winter Paralympics.
She made her Paralympics debut in the women's 15 kilometre cross-country event on March 12. She finished in eighth place overall, alongside her guide Kristina Trygstad-Saari.

</doc>
<doc id="56822387" url="?curid=56822387" title="0,9">
0,9


</doc>
<doc id="56822391" url="?curid=56822391" title="Pamela Grosser">
Pamela Grosser


</doc>
<doc id="56822393" url="?curid=56822393" title="Obilić, Bojnik">
Obilić, Bojnik

Obilić () is a village in the municipality of Bojnik, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 54 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="56822394" url="?curid=56822394" title="Crkvice, Bojnik">
Crkvice, Bojnik

Crkvice () is a village in the municipality of Bojnik, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 533 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="56822397" url="?curid=56822397" title="Sex Shouldn't Be a Crime">
Sex Shouldn't Be a Crime

 

</doc>
<doc id="56822400" url="?curid=56822400" title="Sigga Bjorg Sigurdardottir">
Sigga Bjorg Sigurdardottir


</doc>
<doc id="56822404" url="?curid=56822404" title="Obilić (Bojnik)">
Obilić (Bojnik)


</doc>
<doc id="56822405" url="?curid=56822405" title="Spanish Nursery Rhyme">
Spanish Nursery Rhyme


</doc>
<doc id="56822415" url="?curid=56822415" title="Frank Brown (alpine skier)">
Frank Brown (alpine skier)

Frank Brown (April 16, 1937 – June 4, 2016) was an American alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1960 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822417" url="?curid=56822417" title="Crkvice (Bojnik)">
Crkvice (Bojnik)


</doc>
<doc id="56822418" url="?curid=56822418" title="Karl L. Schultz">
Karl L. Schultz

Karl Leo Schultz is an American United States Coast Guard admiral serving as the 26th Commandant of the Coast Guard.
Early life and education.
Schultz is a native of East Hartford, Connecticut. He graduated from the United States Coast Guard Academy in 1983 with a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering. He then earned a Master of Public Administration from the University of Connecticut in 1992 and completed a one-year National Security Fellowship at the Kennedy School of Government in 2006.
Career.
United States Coast Guard.
Schultz's operational assignments include Commander, Coast Guard Sector Miami as well as command tours aboard cutters , , and 
. Staff assignments include Chief of the Office of Congressional and Governmental Affairs; Congressional Liaison Officer to the United States House of Representatives; Liaison Officer to the United States Department of State, Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs; Assignment Officer at the Coast Guard Personnel Command, and Command Duty Officer in the Seventh Coast Guard District Operations Center in Miami.
Schultz has served as Director of Operations (J3), United States Southern Command in Doral, Florida where he directed joint service military operations across the Caribbean Basin, Central and South America. Prior flag officer assignments were Commander, Eleventh Coast Guard District, where he was responsible for multi-mission operations from California to Peru, and Director of Governmental and Public Affairs at Coast Guard Headquarters in Washington, D.C., where he was responsible for external engagement with Congress, the media, and inter-governmental entities.
Schultz assumed the duties as Commander, Coast Guard Atlantic Area in August 2016. As commander, Schultz oversaw Coast Guard rescue and recovery efforts for hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate in 2017.
Commandant of the Coast Guard.
On March 8, 2018, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen announced that President Donald Trump intended to nominate Schultz for the position of Commandant of the United States Coast Guard, succeeding Admiral Paul F. Zukunft. His nomination and promotion to admiral was confirmed by a voice vote of the United States Senate on May 9, 2018. Schultz relieved Admiral Zukunft on June 1, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56822426" url="?curid=56822426" title="BS211">
BS211


</doc>
<doc id="56822433" url="?curid=56822433" title="Frank Brown (skier)">
Frank Brown (skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56822435" url="?curid=56822435" title="Alice Mary Barry">
Alice Mary Barry

Alice Mary Barry (8 April 1880 – 2 July 1955), doctor, was the first woman to be nominated for a fellowship of the RCPI.
Early life and career.
Barry was born in Cork to Richard Barry and Mary Mahony. She gained her medical licence in 1906 from the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland graduating from the Apothecaries Hall. She was one of only six women to do this between 1885 and 1922. 
Her residency was with the Mater Hospital in Dublin. She gained a Diploma in Public Health in 1905. As one of the early women doctors Barry was an active and founding member of the Women's National Health Association which began in 1908. Through the association Barry became the medical officer for nine Babies Clubs in Dublin from 1912-1929.
Barry was one of the founders of St Ultan's Infant Hospital which was first opened in 1919 in Dublin, and one of the benefactors and fundraisers for the hospital. She worked with the various government-established councils on public health and medical services in Ireland.
While based in Cork Barry worked in Kilbrittain as the dispensary district medical officer until she was succeeded there by Dorothy Stopford Price. She was a supporter of the republican movement and was known to give shelter to republicans seeking shelter during the war of independence. On one occasion by pretending to be visiting a sick patient, Barry prevented one arrest of Micheal Collins and walked out of a house of British soldiers with his papers under her jumper.
Later Barry began to focus on TB and was running sanatoria, one in Rossclare, Co. Fermanagh and then the Peamount Sanatorium in Newcastle, Co. Dublin, where she developed treatments and care routines for the children sent there. She was involved in the foundation of the Peamount Industries.
Fellowship.
Barry was a member of the RCPI from 1911 and was the first woman to be nominated for a fellowship in 1914. However her nomination was withdrawn when a ruling by the college restricted the award to men. This caused the college to review and then update the rules which then permitted women to become fellows but it took until 1930 for Barry to be elected.
Death.
Poor health caused Barry to resign from full-time work in 1946 but she continued to devote her time to St. Ultan's. She died on 2 July 1955 in Dublin and is buried in Glasnevin.

</doc>
<doc id="56822437" url="?curid=56822437" title="South Philadelphia/East">
South Philadelphia/East


</doc>
<doc id="56822442" url="?curid=56822442" title="South Philadelphia/West">
South Philadelphia/West


</doc>
<doc id="56822448" url="?curid=56822448" title="North Philadelphia/East">
North Philadelphia/East


</doc>
<doc id="56822454" url="?curid=56822454" title="North Philadelphia/West">
North Philadelphia/West


</doc>
<doc id="56822456" url="?curid=56822456" title="The Meteors (disambiguation)">
The Meteors (disambiguation)

The Meteors are a British psychobilly band
The Meteors may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56822460" url="?curid=56822460" title="Jorge Abelardo Eiras">
Jorge Abelardo Eiras

Jorge Abelardo Eiras (born 7 August 1942) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822465" url="?curid=56822465" title="Jorge Eiras">
Jorge Eiras


</doc>
<doc id="56822468" url="?curid=56822468" title="Karl Shultz">
Karl Shultz


</doc>
<doc id="56822470" url="?curid=56822470" title="Tanner Rainey">
Tanner Rainey

Tanner Scott Rainey (born December 25, 1992) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the second round of the 2015 Major League Baseball draft. He made his MLB debut with the Reds in 2018.
Career.
Rainey attended St. Paul's School in Covington, Louisiana. He played college baseball at Southeastern Louisiana University and the University of West Alabama as a pitcher and first baseman. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds as a pitcher in the second round of the 2015 Major League Baseball draft.
Cincinnati Reds.
Rainey signed with the Reds, made his professional debut with the Billings Mustangs, and spent the whole season there, pitching to a 2-2 record and 4.27 ERA in 15 starts. He pitched 2016 with the Dayton Dragons and was 5-10 with a 5.57 ERA in 29 games (20 starts), and 2017 with the Daytona Tortugas and Pensacola Blue Wahoos, compiling a combined 3-3 record and 3.19 ERA in 53 relief appearances along with 104 strikeouts in 62 innings (15.1 per nine innings). The Reds invited him to spring training in 2018.
On April 10, 2018, Rainey's contract was purchased by the Reds. He made his major league debut that same day against the Philadelphia Phillies, pitching one inning of relief and giving up a grand slam to Scott Kingery.
Washington Nationals.
On December 12, 2018, the Reds traded Rainey to the Washington Nationals for Tanner Roark. Rainey was called up to the Nationals from the Class-AAA Fresno Grizzlies on May 18, 2019, and swiftly became one of manager Dave Martinez's go-to relievers. He earned his first career win in relief on June 1, beating Roark and the Reds at Great American Ball Park. In 2019 he was 2-3 with a 3.91 ERA in 52 relief appearances, as he struck out 74 batters in 48.1 innings (13.8 per nine innings). The Nationals finished the 2019 year with a 93-69 record, clinched a wild card spot, and won the World Series over the Houston Astros. Rainey pitched 6.2 innings in the 2019 playoffs including throwing 2 strikeouts and finishing Game 3 of the 2019 NLCS, the first ever NLCS game at Nationals Park and in Washington, DC history. Rainey pitched 20.1 innings of 2.66 ERA ball in 2020, going along with 32 strikeouts and a 1-1 record, however after experiencing forearm tightness in mid-September 2020, Rainey sat out the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="56822476" url="?curid=56822476" title="King of the Moors and Romans">
King of the Moors and Romans


</doc>
<doc id="56822479" url="?curid=56822479" title="Ernst Oberaigner">
Ernst Oberaigner

Ernst Oberaigner (born 5 November 1932) is an Austrian alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1960 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822485" url="?curid=56822485" title="Ezequiel Gallegos">
Ezequiel Gallegos

Ezequiel Adrián Gallegos (born 16 April 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Almopos Aridea.
Career.
Gallegos' career began with Huracán. He made his professional debut on 18 September 2011 in a Primera B Nacional match with Independiente Rivadavia, having previously been an unused substitute versus Independiente in December 2010. After six further appearances in 2011–12 and 2012–13, Gallegos left the club on loan in January 2013 to join Malaysian Premier League side Johor Darul Ta'zim II. However, he returned to Huracán six months later without featuring. Three years later, Gallegos left again on loan to play for Almagro in Primera B Nacional. Forty-six appearances and one goal followed.
On 25 July 2017, Gallegos left Huracán permanently after signing for Primera B Metropolitana team Platense. His debut for Platense arrived on 2 September against Defensores de Belgrano. Overall, Gallegos scored once in twenty-one matches as the club won the 2017–18 Primera B Metropolitana title.

</doc>
<doc id="56822492" url="?curid=56822492" title="Pacerailer">
Pacerailer

The Pacerailer was a prototype railbus, a vehicle consisting of a bus-style body on a four-wheeled railway-vehicle chassis, built by Charles Sadler Ashby's Sadler Rail Coach Company (SRC) in the 1960s.
Following the closure of Droxford station, on the Meon Valley Railway in Hampshire, both it and the track south to Wickham station were leased by SRC, who used the line to demonstrate the Pacerailer to potential buyers. A section of the line was rebuilt with a 1:10 incline to demonstrate the vehicle's abilities on steep gradients. 
There were problem with vandalism at the site, with the tracks intentionally blocked and points jammed in an effort to derail vehicles, and on 4 May 1970 the "Pacerailer" prototype was burned out and badly damaged. Ashby was in advanced negotiations to reopen the line between Cowes and Ryde on the Isle of Wight using Pacerailers. It was alleged that one of the Isle of Wight's bus companies was behind the vandalism and arson at Droxford.
Ashby died in February 1976 and SRC was dissolved in December 1976, having failed to sell the Pacerailer to any railway company.
A similar concept, the Pacer, was successfully developed by British Rail in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="56822504" url="?curid=56822504" title="Partho Sarathi Banerjee">
Partho Sarathi Banerjee


</doc>
<doc id="56822525" url="?curid=56822525" title="List of shipwrecks in May 1843">
List of shipwrecks in May 1843

The list of shipwrecks in May 1843 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during May 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="56822531" url="?curid=56822531" title="Rashida Bumbary">
Rashida Bumbary


</doc>
<doc id="56822533" url="?curid=56822533" title="Kohlrosing">
Kohlrosing

Kohlrosing (a.k.a. Kolrosing) is the Scandinavian tradition of incising thin decorative lines and patterns in carved wood and filling with dark powders (charcoal, coal dust, coffee grounds, graphite, ground bark) or colored wax, etc. for contrast. Kohlrosing dates back to at least Viking times.
Notable contemporary exponents include Judy Ritger (USA), Wille Sundqvist (Sweden)
and Jogge Sundqvist (Sweden)

</doc>
<doc id="56822548" url="?curid=56822548" title="Berekum West (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Berekum West (Ghana parliament constituency)

Berekum West is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Berekum West is located in the Berekum Municipal District of the Bono Region.
Boundaries.
The seat is located within the Berekum Municipal District of the Bono Region of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="56822553" url="?curid=56822553" title="Asterodiscididae">
Asterodiscididae

Asterodiscididae is a family of starfish. Members of the family have five short tapering arms and a wide disc. The family was first described by the Australian zoologist F.W.E. Rowe in 1977.
Genera.
The following genera are listed in the World Register of Marine Species:

</doc>
<doc id="56822555" url="?curid=56822555" title="White Mars">
White Mars


</doc>
<doc id="56822563" url="?curid=56822563" title="Edmonton-Highlands-Beverly">
Edmonton-Highlands-Beverly

Edmonton-Highlands-Beverly was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada, mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first past the post method of voting from 1993 to 1997.
Edmonton-Highlands-Beverly was contested only once, in 1993. It was created from most of Edmonton-Highlands and part of Edmonton-Beverly, and its name was changed back to Edmonton-Highlands in 1997, with no boundary changes.
Representation history.
The district's only MLA was one-term Liberal member Alice Hanson. She served in opposition and did not run again when the riding was abolished in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="56822566" url="?curid=56822566" title="Gabriele Kaiser">
Gabriele Kaiser

Gabriele Kaiser is a German mathematics educator. She is a professor of mathematics education at the University of Hamburg.
Kaiser completed a doctorate in 1986 and a habilitation in 1997 at the University of Kassel. Her doctoral dissertation, "Anwendungen im Mathematikunterricht - Konzeptionen und Untersuchungen zur unterrichtlichen Realisierung", was supervised by Werner Blum. She became a professor at Hamburg in 1998, and served as vice dean of education from 2010 to 2016. Since 2005 she has been editor-in-chief of the journal "ZDM Mathematics Education", and she is the editor or co-editor of 28 books on mathematics education.
Kaiser was a speaker at the 2002 International Congress of Mathematicians.
In 2012, a festschrift was published in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="56822570" url="?curid=56822570" title="Leyland Experimental Vehicle 1">
Leyland Experimental Vehicle 1


</doc>
<doc id="56822573" url="?curid=56822573" title="Derwonaji">
Derwonaji


</doc>
<doc id="56822577" url="?curid=56822577" title="Cătălin Căbuz">
Cătălin Căbuz

Cătălin Vasile Căbuz (born 18 June 1996) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Chindia Târgoviște.
Club career.
Born in Avrig, Sibiu County, Căbuz grew up at local academies of FC Sibiu, Șoimii Sibiu or Voința Sibiu, but also played for Gheorghe Hagi Football Academy squads in 2 periods. At senior level Căbuz never played in an official match for Viitorul Constanța, being loaned to different teams such as: Râmnicu Vâlcea, Chindia Târgoviște or Hermannstadt.
Honours.
Hermannstadt

</doc>
<doc id="56822578" url="?curid=56822578" title="LEV1">
LEV1


</doc>
<doc id="56822579" url="?curid=56822579" title="Arnfinn Larsen">
Arnfinn Larsen

Arnfinn Larsen (born 13 July 1930) is a Norwegian competition rower. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="56822580" url="?curid=56822580" title="LEV 1">
LEV 1


</doc>
<doc id="56822586" url="?curid=56822586" title="Gordon Bijelonic">
Gordon Bijelonic

Gordon Bijelonic is an Serbian / American film producer known for the feature films "Laggies" and "Kid Cannabis", and for his work as a senior executive at One Race Films. He also produces 3D documentaries for the IMAX theatre venues.
Career.
Born and raised in New York City, Bijelonic has produced over forty films, involving over 100 million production dollars. He has worked with actors such as Vin Diesel, Robert De Niro, Forest Whitaker, John Travolta, Christopher Plummer, Robin Williams, Mila Kunis, Peter Dinklage, Ellen Burstyn, and 50 cent.
Bijelonic began his career as a New York City theater actor, before seguing into production work. At the request of Vin Diesel, Bijelonic executive produced the actor's first feature film "Strays" in 1997, which debuted at the Sundance Film Festival. The independent film was directed, written by and starred Diesel. Bijelonic became a senior executive for ten years at Vin Diesel's production company One Race Films. While he was there, the company produced the features "Fast and the Furious", "xxx", "A Man Apart", and "The Chronicles of Riddick".
Bijelonic later teamed up with Datari Turner, a former model for the Abercrombie &amp; Fitch catalogs. The duo have produced a series of films, including romantic comedies, crime thrillers, and black comedies. They produced the features "Another Happy Day" and "LUV". Both were presented at the Sundance Film Festival, respectively in 2011 and 2012, with the crime drama "LUV" receiving a Grand Jury Prize nomination. "Another Happy Day" co-starring Ellen Barkin and Demi Moore, was also shown at South by Southwest. Another feature, titled "Kid Cannabis", was produced in 2014. Based on a true story, the plot revolves around a teenager smuggling marijuana from Canada. The film was screened at the Miami International Film Festival.
Bijelonic's film "Laggies" premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and is a romantic comedy starring Keira Knightley. In 2016, Bijelonic had planned on going into production with the film "Crossed". The script was co-written by his good friend, the late rapper Dwight "Heavy D" Myers who was originally supposed to star in the film. 
In 2017, Bijelonic spoke about his partnership with Large Screen Cinema at the SXSW festival. In order to showcase a 3D documentary film he produced, Bijelonic is building the first IMAX Theater in Panama. The film in question is about the Panama Canal and is narrated by Morgan Freeman. He also plans on building the first IMAX theatre in Peru and producing a 3D film on Machu Picchu.
In 2018, Bijelonic partnered with the directors Joe and Anthony Russo to launch a project in Las Vegas involving immersive theater. It allows the audience to modify the play's narrative through active participation.
Bijelonic is a member of the Producers Guild of America.
Background.
Bijelonic's family immigrated to the United States before he was born. Both his parents are of Serb descent and left Bosnia, Yugoslavia in 1969. They spent time in an Austrian refugee camp after fleeing the Socialist regime in Bosnia. The Cathedral of Saint Sava in New York City assured them safe passage to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56822591" url="?curid=56822591" title="Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament is the annual conference basketball championship tournament for the NCAA Division III Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference. The current iteration of the tournament has been held annually since 2003; a prior incarnation was played between 1963 and 1973. The current version is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records.
The winner, declared conference champion, receives the SCAC's automatic bid to the NCAA Men's Division III Basketball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="56822598" url="?curid=56822598" title="First Coast Guard District">
First Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822601" url="?curid=56822601" title="Fifth Coast Guard District">
Fifth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822609" url="?curid=56822609" title="Fort Pillow, Tennessee">
Fort Pillow, Tennessee


</doc>
<doc id="56822610" url="?curid=56822610" title="Eighth Coast Guard District">
Eighth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822611" url="?curid=56822611" title="2018 CIT">
2018 CIT


</doc>
<doc id="56822615" url="?curid=56822615" title="Belaseshe">
Belaseshe


</doc>
<doc id="56822617" url="?curid=56822617" title="Ninth Coast Guard District">
Ninth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822626" url="?curid=56822626" title="Thirteenth Coast Guard District">
Thirteenth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822631" url="?curid=56822631" title="Parmley Land Office">
Parmley Land Office

The Parmley Land Office, on Main St. in Ipswich, South Dakota, was built in 1900. It has also been known as the Fireplace Bar. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Numerous land transactions were executed at the office during a land boom from 1900 to 1910 during which land was often sold at price of ten dollars per acre; dry years of 1910 and 1911 cut down the activity.

</doc>
<doc id="56822632" url="?curid=56822632" title="Fourteenth Coast Guard District">
Fourteenth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822639" url="?curid=56822639" title="Seventeenth Coast Guard District">
Seventeenth Coast Guard District


</doc>
<doc id="56822643" url="?curid=56822643" title="Bronisław Trzebunia">
Bronisław Trzebunia

Bronisław Trzebunia (born 15 September 1941) is a Polish alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56822646" url="?curid=56822646" title="Versors">
Versors


</doc>
<doc id="56822649" url="?curid=56822649" title="Bronislaw Trzebunia">
Bronislaw Trzebunia


</doc>
<doc id="56822650" url="?curid=56822650" title="Cooney (name)">
Cooney (name)

Cooney (from O'Cooney, Gaelic: "Ó Cuana") is a common Irish surname. In various forms, the name dates back to the 12th century. It is first associated with County Tyrone then in the province of Connaught, in the townland of Ballycooney, Loughrea barony, in County Galway, then to County Clare, County Mayo, and Dublin.
Alternate spellings are "O'Conney, Coony, Coonahan, Coonihan, Coonie, Coonan, Coumey, (Coomey)" and "Cooihan." Alternate spellings of O'Cuana are "Cuana, Coona, O Cuanaic," and "O'Cuanaich." Some with the name, Coonifer, Coonihan and Coumey, the latter mainly from County Cork, have been changed into Cooney.

</doc>
<doc id="56822654" url="?curid=56822654" title="Saddler Pacerailer">
Saddler Pacerailer


</doc>
<doc id="56822666" url="?curid=56822666" title="Wilhelm Hayden">
Wilhelm Hayden

Wilhelm Hayden (11 May 1926 – 16 November 1997) was a Norwegian competition rower. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="56822676" url="?curid=56822676" title="Methyltaurine">
Methyltaurine


</doc>
<doc id="56822678" url="?curid=56822678" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 5000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 5000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822685" url="?curid=56822685" title="Ace Ventura (film series)">
Ace Ventura (film series)


</doc>
<doc id="56822687" url="?curid=56822687" title="Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Women's super combined">
Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Women's super combined


</doc>
<doc id="56822690" url="?curid=56822690" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822692" url="?curid=56822692" title="Central Park (TV series)">
Central Park (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56822693" url="?curid=56822693" title="Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 12.5 kilometres">
Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 12.5 kilometres


</doc>
<doc id="56822694" url="?curid=56822694" title="1968-69 FK Partizan season">
1968-69 FK Partizan season


</doc>
<doc id="56822695" url="?curid=56822695" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822698" url="?curid=56822698" title="Hosea John Siner">
Hosea John Siner


</doc>
<doc id="56822700" url="?curid=56822700" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Women's 3000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Women's 3000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822701" url="?curid=56822701" title="1996-97 Liechtenstein Cup">
1996-97 Liechtenstein Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56822702" url="?curid=56822702" title="List of 2018 UCI Women's Teams and riders">
List of 2018 UCI Women's Teams and riders

This is a list of 2018 UCI Women's Teams and riders for the 2018 in women's road cycling season.
Teams overview.
List updated: 3 March 2018
The 2018 UCI Women's Teams are:
Defunct teams.
The below lists all teams which folded completely at the end of the 2017 season, or dropped down from UCI level to National level.

</doc>
<doc id="56822704" url="?curid=56822704" title="Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Women's 10 kilometres">
Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Women's 10 kilometres


</doc>
<doc id="56822707" url="?curid=56822707" title="Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1996 Asian Winter Games - Men's 10000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822708" url="?curid=56822708" title="Lietuvos Balsas">
Lietuvos Balsas


</doc>
<doc id="56822711" url="?curid=56822711" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822713" url="?curid=56822713" title="Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's super combined">
Alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's super combined


</doc>
<doc id="56822714" url="?curid=56822714" title="1932 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1932 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822718" url="?curid=56822718" title="1995-96 Liechtenstein Cup">
1995-96 Liechtenstein Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56822720" url="?curid=56822720" title="1931 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1931 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822721" url="?curid=56822721" title="2016-17 Cyprus Basketball Division B">
2016-17 Cyprus Basketball Division B


</doc>
<doc id="56822724" url="?curid=56822724" title="2007-08 MJHL season">
2007-08 MJHL season


</doc>
<doc id="56822727" url="?curid=56822727" title="1933 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1933 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822730" url="?curid=56822730" title="1935 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1935 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822732" url="?curid=56822732" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56822733" url="?curid=56822733" title="1-5 and 6 Sydney Place">
1-5 and 6 Sydney Place


</doc>
<doc id="56822735" url="?curid=56822735" title="1934 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1934 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822738" url="?curid=56822738" title="1930 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1930 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56822743" url="?curid=56822743" title="Thor Nilsen">
Thor Nilsen

Thor Sverre Nilsen (born 5 October 1931) is a Norwegian competition rower. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. 
External links.
http://www.doddsworld.org/Doddsworld.org/Books_-_Thor_Nilsen.html

</doc>
<doc id="56822744" url="?curid=56822744" title="Johnny Sokko's Flying Robot">
Johnny Sokko's Flying Robot


</doc>
<doc id="56822758" url="?curid=56822758" title="Marden Meadows">
Marden Meadows

Marden Meadows is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Marden in Kent. Part of the site is in the Marden Meadow nature reserve, which is owned and managed by Kent Wildlife Trust.
These unimproved neutral meadows are cut for hay each year and then grazed. There are also ponds and hedgerows which are probably of ancient origin, and trees include midland hawthorns and wild service-trees.
There is public access to the nature reserve, but the rest of the site is private land with no public access.

</doc>
<doc id="56822759" url="?curid=56822759" title="Nina Pillard">
Nina Pillard


</doc>
<doc id="56822766" url="?curid=56822766" title="Asterodiscides">
Asterodiscides

Asterodiscides is a genus of starfish. Members of the genus have five short tapering arms and a wide disc. The genus was first described by the British zoologist Ailsa McGown Clark in 1974.
Genera.
The following species are listed in the World Register of Marine Species:-

</doc>
<doc id="56822770" url="?curid=56822770" title="Thor Sverre Nilsen">
Thor Sverre Nilsen


</doc>
<doc id="56822774" url="?curid=56822774" title="Origin Access">
Origin Access


</doc>
<doc id="56822781" url="?curid=56822781" title="Spin representations">
Spin representations


</doc>
<doc id="56822785" url="?curid=56822785" title="Mexica calendar">
Mexica calendar


</doc>
<doc id="56822801" url="?curid=56822801" title="Robert Boboc">
Robert Boboc

Robert Florin Boboc (born 27 May 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for CSC 1599 Șelimbăr. Boboc was formed as a player at the best academies from Pitești: Argeș Pitești, Nicolae Dobrin Football Academy and Dănuț Coman Football Academy. At senior level he played for Mioveni, Universitatea Cluj, Argeș Pitești and Hermannstadt. He made his Liga I debut on 16 May 2015 for Universitatea Cluj in a 0-0 draw against FC Brașov.
Honours.
Hermannstadt

</doc>
<doc id="56822813" url="?curid=56822813" title="Alexander Lucian Dade">
Alexander Lucian Dade

Alexander Lucian Dade (18 July 1863 – 8 January 1927) was a United States military officer. He took part in a number of U.S. military conflicts, including the Spanish–American War and Philippine–American War.
Early life and education.
Dade was born in Hopkinsville, Kentucky on 18 July 1863. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1887, where he was a classmate of future generals William Weigel and George Owen Squier. Later Dade graduated from the Infantry and Cavalry School in 1893 and from the Army War College in 1910.
Military career.
After graduating from West Point in 1887, Dade was commissioned Second Lieutenant of the 13th Infantry. In 1888, Dade was transferred to the 10th Cavalry where he participated in the later stage of the Apache Wars. In 1895 he was promoted to First Lieutenant of the 2nd Cavalry before being transferred to the 3rd Cavalry. As part of the 3rd Cavalry, Dade served in Cuba during the Spanish–American War, taking part in the Santiago Campaign (1898). On 9 September 1899 Dade became Major in the 47th Volunteer Infantry and took part in the subsequent Philippine–American War, joining the 38th Volunteer Infantry. While in the Philippines, Dade served on the staff of General Samuel Baldwin Marks Young as an inspector during expeditions in the Northern Luzon region. In 1901, Dade was promoted to captain and in 1902 became an inspector in the Philippine Constabulary; Dade served in this capacity until 1905, when he returned to the United States and was assigned to the 9th Cavalry. In 1913, Dade was the base port inspector at Galveston, Texas and then inspector of the 2nd Division during the Vera Cruz Expedition (1914). Dade took part in the Mexican Punitive Expedition (1916–1917) during which he was promoted to Colonel and served with the 7th Cavalry. Following the United States' entry into World War I, Dade was assigned to organize and head the Aviation Section of the Signal Corps on 11 April 1917. The following year he was director of aviation training at the Central Department Headquarters in Chicago and promoted to Brigadier General. On 3 May 1918, Dade was honorably discharged and subsequently served in the office of Inspector General in Chicago and department inspector in the Central Department until he retired due to disabilities in 1920.
Personal life and death.
Dade married Josephine Worth, daughter of General William J. Worth, and had two children: daughter Margaret and son Alexander Lucian Jr. He died on 8 January 1927 in his hometown of Hopkinsville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="56822838" url="?curid=56822838" title="List of heads of state and government of Indian origin">
List of heads of state and government of Indian origin

This is a list of heads of state and heads of government of the sovereign countries who are of partial or full Indian origin, other than the heads of state and government of countries of the Indian subcontinent. This list does not include acting, interim, transitional, temporary or representative heads of state and government.

</doc>
<doc id="56822839" url="?curid=56822839" title="Kalniečiai">
Kalniečiai

Kalniečiai () is a neighborhood of the Lithuanian city of Kaunas. In 2005, its population was 12,000 in an area of 78,39 ha. In Kalniečiai is a Kaunas VDU Rasos Gymnasium with 110 employees and Polyclinic (VšĮ "Kauno Kalniečių Poliklinika") with 415 employees (19/03/2013).

</doc>
<doc id="56822840" url="?curid=56822840" title="Auburnton, Saskatchewan">
Auburnton, Saskatchewan

Auburntonis an unincorporated community and ghost town, within the Rural Municipality of Moose Creek No. 33, Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 89.3 km east of the city of Estevan. Farming and oil are the major local industries. The community is located at the junction of Highway 361 and Highway 603.

</doc>
<doc id="56822841" url="?curid=56822841" title="Kalnieciai">
Kalnieciai


</doc>
<doc id="56822845" url="?curid=56822845" title="Brongniartella byssoides">
Brongniartella byssoides

Brongniartella byssoides (Goodenough &amp; Woodward) Schmitz ("Vertebrata byssoides") is a small red marine alga.
Description.
"Brongniartella byssoides" is a small brownish-red marine alga which grows to a length of about 30 cm. It consists of tufts of erect axes. The erect axes are polysiphonous, that is each axes is composed of axial cells each covered with periaxial cells without cortication. All the branches produce secondary lateral branches which produce the ultimate final monosiphonous ramuli. The mature thallus pyramidal in shape. The plants are attacked by rhizoids with disc-like bases.
Reproduction.
The species is dioecious, the sexes occur on separate plants, with clusters of spermatangial branches, sessile cystocarps and tetrasporangia.
Distribution.
Widespread around the British Isles including the Isle of Man and the Shetland Islands. Recorded also from Norway to Portugal and the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="56822861" url="?curid=56822861" title="TikTok">
TikTok

TikTok, known in China as Douyin (), is a video-sharing focused social networking service owned by Chinese company ByteDance. It hosts a variety of short-form user videos, from genres like dance, comedy, and education, with durations from 15 seconds to three minutes. It is an international version of Douyin, originally released in the Chinese market in September 2016. TikTok was launched in 2017 for iOS and Android in most markets outside of mainland China; however, it became available worldwide only after merging with another Chinese social media service, Musical.ly, on 2 August 2018.
TikTok and Douyin have almost the same user interface but no access to each other's content. Their servers are each based in the market where the respective app is available. The two products are similar, but features are not identical. Douyin includes an in-video search feature that can search by people's faces for more videos of them and other features such as buying, booking hotels and making geo-tagged reviews. Since its launch in 2016, TikTok/Douyin rapidly gained popularity in East Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the USA, Turkey, Russia, and other parts of the world. As of October 2020, TikTok surpassed over 2 billion mobile downloads worldwide.
In May 2021, TikTok appointed Shou Zi Chew as their new CEO who assumed the position from interim CEO Vanessa Pappas, following the resignation of Kevin A. Mayer on 27 August 2020. On 3 August 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to ban TikTok in the United States on 15 September if negotiations for the company to be bought by Microsoft or a different "very American" company failed. On 6 August, Trump signed two banning U.S. "transactions" with TikTok and WeChat to its respective parent companies ByteDance and Tencent, set to take effect 45 days after the signing. A planned ban of the app on 20 September 2020 was postponed by a week and then blocked by a federal judge. President Biden revoked the ban in a new executive order in June 2021. The app has been banned by the government of India since June 2020 along with 223 other Chinese apps in view of privacy concerns. Pakistan banned TikTok citing "immoral" and "indecent" videos on 9 October 2020 but reversed its ban ten days later. In March 2021, a Pakistani court ordered a new TikTok ban due to complaints over "indecent" content.
Morning Consult ranked TikTok as the third fastest growing brand of 2020, after only Zoom and Peacock.
History.
Evolution.
Douyin was launched by ByteDance in Beijing, China in September 2016, originally under the name A.me, before rebranding to Douyin () in December 2016. ByteDance planned on Douyin expanding overseas. The founder of ByteDance, Zhang Yiming, stated that "China is home to only one-fifth of Internet users globally. If we don’t expand on a global scale, we are bound to lose to peers eyeing the four-fifths. So, going global is a must." Douyin was developed in 200 days and within a year had 100 million users, with more than one billion videos viewed every day.
The app was launched as TikTok in the international market in September 2017. On 23 January 2018, the TikTok app ranked No. 1 among free app downloads on app stores in Thailand and other countries.
TikTok has been downloaded more than 130 million times in the United States, and has reached 2 billion downloads worldwide, according to data from mobile research firm Sensor Tower that excludes Android users in China.
In the United States, many celebrities including Jimmy Fallon and Tony Hawk began using the app in 2018. Other celebrities, including Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Alba, Will Smith, and Justin Bieber joined TikTok as well and many other celebrities have followed.
On 3 September 2019, TikTok and the U.S. National Football League (NFL) announced a multi-year partnership. The agreement occurred just two days before the NFL's 100th season kick-off at the Soldier Field, where TikTok hosted activities for fans in honor of the deal. The partnership entails the launch of an official NFL TikTok account, which is to bring about new marketing opportunities such as sponsored videos and hashtag challenges. In July 2020, TikTok, excluding Douyin, reported close to 800 million monthly active users worldwide after less than four years of existence.
Musical.ly merger.
On 9 November 2017, TikTok's parent company, ByteDance, spent up to U.S.$1 billion to purchase musical.ly, a startup headquartered in Shanghai with an overseas office in Santa Monica, California, U.S. Musical.ly was a social media video platform that allowed users to create short lip-sync and comedy videos, initially released in August 2014. It was well known, especially to the younger audience. Looking forward to leveraging the U.S. digital platform's young user base, TikTok merged with musical.ly on 2 August 2018 to create a larger video community, with existing accounts and data consolidated into one app, keeping the title TikTok. This ended musical.ly and made TikTok a worldwide app, excluding China, since China already has Douyin.
Expansion in other markets.
As of 2018, TikTok was available in more than 150 markets, and in 75 languages. TikTok was downloaded more than 104 million times on Apple's App store during the full first half of 2018, according to data provided to CNBC by Sensor Tower.
After merging with musical.ly in August, downloads increased and TikTok became the most downloaded app in the U.S. in October 2018, which musical.ly had done once before. In February 2019, TikTok, together with Douyin, hit one billion downloads globally, excluding Android installs in China. In 2019, media outlets cited TikTok as the 7th-most-downloaded mobile app of the decade, from 2010 to 2019. It was also the most-downloaded app on Apple's App Store in 2018 and 2019, surpassing Facebook, YouTube and Instagram. In September 2020, a deal was confirmed between ByteDance and Oracle in which the latter will serve as a partner to provide cloud hosting. Walmart intends to invest in TikTok. This deal would stall in 2021 as newly elected President Biden's Justice Department put a hold on the previous U.S. ban under President Trump. In November 2020, TikTok signed a licensing deal with Sony Music. In December 2020, Warner Music Group signed a licensing deal with TikTok.
In September 2021 Tiktok reached 1 billion users.
Features and trends.
The TikTok mobile app allows users to create short videos, which often feature music in the background and can be sped up, slowed down, or edited with a filter. They can also add their own sound on top of the background music. To create a music video with the app, users can choose background music from a wide variety of music genres, edit with a filter and record a 15-second video with speed adjustments before uploading it to share with others on TikTok or other social platforms. They can also film short lip-sync videos to popular songs.
The "For You" page on TikTok is a feed of videos that are recommended to users based on their activity on the app. Content is generated by TikTok's artificial intelligence (AI) depending on the content a user liked, interacted with, or searched. Users can also choose to add to favorites or select "not interested" on videos for their page. TikTok combines the user's enjoyed content to provide videos that they would also enjoy. Users and their content can only be featured on the "for you" page if they are 16 or over as per TikTok policy. Users under 16 will not show up under the "for you" page, the sounds page, or under any hashtags.
The app's "react" feature allows users to film their reaction to a specific video, over which it is placed in a small window that is movable around the screen. Its "duet" feature allows users to film a video aside another video. The "duet" feature was another trademark of Musical.ly.
Videos that users do not want to post yet can be stored in their "drafts". The user is allowed to see their "drafts" and post when they find it fitting.
The app allows users to set their accounts as "private." When first downloading the app, the user's account is public by default. The user can change to private in their settings. Private content remains visible to TikTok, but is blocked from TikTok users who the account holder has not authorized to view their content. Users can choose whether any other user, or only their "friends", may interact with them through the app via comments, messages, or "react" or "duet" videos. Users also can set specific videos to either "public", "friends only", or "private" regardless if the account is private or not.
Users are also allowed to report accounts depending on the account's content, either being spam or inappropriate. In TikTok's support center under "For Parents," they reassure the parents that inappropriate content for their children can be blocked and reported.
When users follow other users, a "following" page is located on the left of the "for you" page. This is a page only to see the videos from the accounts a user follows. Users can also add videos, hashtags, filters, and sounds to their "saved" section. When creating a video, they can refer to their saved section, or create a video straight from it. This section is visible only to the user on their profile allowing them to refer to any video, hashtag, filter, or sound they've previously saved.
Users can also send their friends videos, emojis, and messages with direct messaging. TikTok has also included a feature to create a video based on the user's comments. Influencers often use the "live" feature. This feature is only available for those who have at least 1,000 followers and are over 16 years old. If over 18, the user's followers can send virtual "gifts" that can be later exchanged for money.
One of the newest features as of 2020 is the "Virtual Items" of "Small Gestures" feature. This is based on China's big practice of social gifting. Since this feature was added, many beauty companies and brands created a TikTok account to participate and advertise this feature. With quarantine in the United States, social gifting has grown in popularity. According to a TikTok representative, the campaign was launched as a result of the lockdown, "to build a sense of support and encouragement with the TikTok community during these tough times."
TikTok announced a "family safety mode" in February 2020 for parents to be able to control their children's digital well-being. There is a screen time management option, restricted mode, and can put a limit on direct messages.
The app expanded its parental controls feature called "Family Pairing" in September 2020 to provide parents and guardians with educational resources to understand what children on TikTok are exposed to. Content for the feature was created in partnership with online safety nonprofit, Internet Matters.
Viral trends.
A variety of trends have risen within TikTok, including memes, lip-synced songs, and comedy videos. Duets, a feature that allows users to add their own video to an existing video with the original content's audio, have sparked many of these trends.
Trends are shown on TikTok's explore page or the page with the search logo. The page enlists the trending hashtags and challenges among the app. Some include #posechallenge, #filterswitch, #dontjudgemechallenge, #homedecor, #hitormiss, #bottlecapchallenge and more. In June 2019, the company introduced the hashtag #EduTok which received 37 billion views. Following this development, the company initiated partnerships with edtech startups to create educational content on the platform.
The app has spawned numerous viral trends, Internet celebrities, and music trends around the world. Many stars got their start on musical.ly, which merged with TikTok on 2 August 2018. These users include Loren Gray, Baby Ariel, Kristen Hancher, Zach King, Lisa and Lena, Jacob Sartorius, and many others. Loren Gray remained the most-followed individual on TikTok until Charli D’Amelio surpassed her on 25 March 2020. Gray's was the first TikTok account to reach 40 million followers on the platform. She was surpassed with 41.3 million followers. D'Amelio was the first to ever reach 50, 60, and 70 million followers. Until now Charli D’Amelio remains the most-followed individual on the platform. Other creators rose to fame after the platform merged with musical.ly on 2 August 2018.
One notable TikTok trend is the "hit or miss" meme, which begain from a snippet of iLOVEFRiDAY's song "Mia Khalifa." The song has been used in over four million TikTok videos and helped introduce the app to a larger Western audience. TikTok also played a major part in making "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X one of the biggest songs of 2019 and the longest running number-one song in the history of the Billboard Hot 100.
TikTok has allowed many other bands to gain a wider audience, often including foreign fans. For example, despite never having toured in Asia, the band Fitz and the Tantrums developed a large following in South Korea following the widespread popularity of their song "HandClap" on the platform. "Any Song" by R&amp;B and rap artist Zico became number one on the Korean music charts due to the popularity of the #anysongchallenge, where users dance the choreography of "Any Song". "Any Song" was on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for 17 weeks, breaking the record for the longest time a song was number one on the charts. The platform has received some criticism for not paying royalties to artists whose music is used on their platform. In 2020, more than 176 different songs surpassed 1 billion video views on TikTok.
In June 2020, TikTok users and K-pop fans "claimed to have registered potentially hundreds of thousands of tickets" for President Trump's campaign rally in Tulsa through communication on TikTok, contributing to "rows of empty seats" at the event.
TikTok has banned Holocaust denial, but other conspiracy theories have become popular on the platform, such as Pizzagate and QAnon (two conspiracy theories popular among the U.S. alt-right) whose hashtags reached almost 80 million views and 50 million views respectively by June 2020. The platform has also been used to spread misinformation about the COVID-19 pandemic, such as clips from "Plandemic". TikTok removed some of these videos, and has generally added links to accurate COVID-19 information on videos with tags related to the pandemic.
On 10 August 2020, Emily Jacobssen wrote and sang "Ode To Remy," a song praising the protagonist from Pixar's 2007 computer-animated film named "Ratatouille". The song rose to popularity when musician Daniel Mertzlufft composed a backing track to the song. In response, began creating a "crowdsourced" project called "Ratatouille The Musical". Since Mertzlufft's video, many new elements including costume design, additional songs, and a playbill have been created. The trend has been even been noticed by Lou Romano, who voiced Alfredo Linguini in the original film; Broadway performer Kevin Chamberlin; and Disney Channel actor Milo Manheim. On 1 January 2021, a full one-hour virtual presentation of "Ratatouille the Musical" premiered on the TodayTix. The production featured elements created via TikTok. It starred Titus Burgess as Remy, Wayne Brady as Django, Adam Lambert as Emile, Chamberlin as Gusteau, Andrew Barth Feldman as Linguini, Ashley Park as Colette, Priscilla Lopez as Mabel, Mary Testa as Skinner, and André De Shields as Ego.
Several food trends have emerged on the platform, such as Dalgona coffee.
Influencer marketing.
TikTok has provided a platform for users to create content not only for fun, but also for money. As the platform has grown significantly over the past few years, it has allowed companies to advertise and rapidly reach their intended demographic through influencer marketing. The platform's AI algorithm also contributes to the influencer marketing potential, as it picks out content according to the user's preference. Sponsored content is not as prevalent on the platform as it is on other social media apps, but brands and influencers still can make as much as they would if not more in comparison to other platforms. Influencers on the platform who earn money through engagement, such as likes and comments, are referred to as "meme machines".
In 2021, "The New York Times" reported that viral TikTok videos by young people relating the emotional impact of books on them, tagged with the label "BookTok", significantly drove sales of literature. Publishers were increasingly using the platform as a venue for influencer marketing.
User characteristics and behavior.
Demographics.
Globally, 44% of TikTok users are female while 56% are male. TikTok's geographical use has shown that 43% of new users are from India. TikTok tends to appeal to younger users, as 41% of its users are between the ages of 16 and 24. Among these TikTok users, 90% say they use the app daily. As of July 2020, there were over 90 million monthly active users in the United States alone.
Use by businesses.
In October 2020, the ecommerce platform Shopify added TikTok to its portfolio of social media platforms, allowing online merchants to sell their products directly to consumers on TikTok.
Some small businesses have used TikTok to advertise and to reach an audience wider than the geographical region they would normally serve. The viral response to many small business TikTok videos has been attributed to TikTok's algorithm, which shows content that viewers at large are drawn to, but which they are unlikely to actively search for (such as videos on unconventional types of businesses, like beekeeping and logging).
In 2020, digital media companies such as Group Nine Media and Global used TikTok increasingly, focusing on tactics such as brokering partnerships with TikTok influencers and developing branded content campaigns. Notable collaborations between larger brands and top TikTok influencers have included Chipotle's partnership with David Dobrik in May 2019 and Dunkin' Donuts' partnership with Charli D'Amelio in September 2020.
Collab houses.
Popular TikTok users have lived collectively in collab houses, predominately in the Los Angeles area.
Country bans and attempted bans.
China.
In April 2020, TikTok officially cooperated with mainland China's Internet censorship mechanism and began to prohibit the use of overseas versions of Douyin in mainland China. Different from general blockade, TikTok adopted an IP lock zone, mainly for mainland China; Hong Kong and Macau were not affected. The direct consequence of the lock zone is that Chinese users cannot log in to TikTok using a VPN. Officials have also restricted the numbers of China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom. The phone numbers of the above three cannot log in to TikTok. Even so, there are a large number of cracked versions of TikTok on the Chinese Internet. The cracked version of TikTok can watch videos normally, but the phone number restriction has not been cracked and users cannot log in.
In January 2021, the Great Firewall of China's blocking measures on TikTok were further upgraded, and the monitoring of the cracked version of TikTok was increased, and measures such as node blocking and IP blocking were adopted to interfere with the normal watching of videos by mainland users: that is, users watch normally, but after a few videos, the video cannot be refreshed, and you need to re-enter the software before you can continue watching.
The official website www.tiktok.com of the overseas version of TikTok is currently blocked by the Great Firewall, and the Chinese language of the official website of the overseas version only provides Traditional Chinese, as officially used in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau, instead of Simplified Chinese.
India.
TikTok was banned completely in India by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on 29 June 2020, along with 223 other Chinese apps, with a statement saying they were "prejudicial to sovereignty and integrity of India, defense of India, security of state and public order". The ban was made permanent in January 2021. In February 2021, TikTok announced that due to the ban it will cut more than 2,000 jobs in India.
United States.
On 6 August 2020, then U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order which would ban TikTok transactions in 45 days if it was not sold by ByteDance. Trump also signed a similar order against the WeChat application owned by the Chinese multinational company Tencent.
On 14 August 2020, Trump issued another order giving ByteDance 90 days to sell or spin off its U.S. TikTok business. In the order, Trump said that there is "credible evidence" that leads him to believe that ByteDance "might take action that threatens to impair the national security of the United States."
TikTok considered selling the American portion of its business, and held talks with companies including Microsoft, Walmart, and Oracle.
On September 18, TikTok filed a lawsuit, "TikTok v. Trump". On 23 September 2020, TikTok filed a request for a preliminary injunction to prevent the app from being banned by the Trump administration. U.S. judge Carl J. Nichols temporarily blocked the Trump administration order that would effectively ban TikTok from being downloaded in U.S. app stores starting midnight on 27 September 2020. Nichols allowed the app to remain available in the U.S. app stores, but declined to block the additional Commerce Department restrictions that could have a larger impact on TikTok's operations in the U.S. These restrictions were set to take place 12 November 2020.
Three TikTok influencers filed a lawsuit, "Marland v. Trump". On October 30, Pennsylvania judge Wendy Beetlestone ruled against the Commerce Department, blocking them from restricting TikTok. On November 12, the Commerce Department stated that it would obey the Pennsylvania ruling and that it would not try to enforce the restrictions against TikTok that had been scheduled for November 12.
The Commerce Department appealed the original ruling in "TikTok v. Trump". On December 7, Washington D.C. district court judge Carl J. Nichols issued a preliminary injunction against the Commerce Department, preventing them from imposing restrictions on TikTok.
In June 2021, President Biden signed an executive order revoking the Trump administration ban on TikTok, and instead ordered the Secretary of Commerce to investigate the app to determine if it poses a threat to U.S. national security.
Indonesia and Bangladesh.
TikTok has been intermittently blocked in Indonesia and Bangladesh on different bases.
Pakistan.
On 11 October 2020, Pakistan became the next country to ban the social media platform after not complying with issues regarding the content on the platform brought up by their government. TikTok representatives are currently speaking with Pakistani officials in hopes of building better relations and allowing the people of Pakistan to create on the platform.
Controversies.
Addiction concerns.
Some users may find it hard to stop using TikTok. In April 2018, an addiction-reduction feature was added to Douyin. This encouraged users to take a break every 90 minutes. Later in 2018, the feature was rolled out to the TikTok app. TikTok uses some top influencers such as Gabe Erwin, Alan Chikin Chow, James Henry, and Cosette Rinab to encourage viewers to stop using the app and take a break.
Many were also concerned with users' attention spans with these videos. Users watch short 15-second clips repeatedly and studies say that this could result in a decreased attention span. This is a concern as many of TikTok's audience are younger children, whose brains are still developing.
Content concerns.
Many countries showed concerns regarding the content of TikTok which is thought to be obscene, immoral, vulgar and encouraging of pornography. There have been temporary blocks and warnings issued by countries including Indonesia, Bangladesh, India, and Pakistan over the content concerns. In 2018, Douyin was reprimanded by Chinese media watchdogs for showing "unacceptable" content, such as videos depicting adolescent pregnancies.
On 27 July 2020, Egypt sentenced five women to two years in prison over TikTok videos on charges of violating public morals. The court also imposed a fine of 300,000 Egyptian pounds (UK£14,600) on each defendant.
Concerns have been voiced regarding content relating to, and the promotion of spreading hateful words and far-right extremism, such as anti-semitism, racism and xenophobia. Some videos were shown to expressly deny the existence of the Holocaust and for its viewers to take up arms and fight in the name of white supremacy and the swastika. As TikTok has gained popularity among young children and the popularity of extremist and hateful content is growing, calls for tighter restrictions on their flexible boundaries have been made. TikTok have since released tougher parental controls to filter out inappropriate content and to ensure they can provide sufficient protection and security.
Slowly turning into a hub of influencer marketing, Abu Dhabi (UAE) partnered with TikTok to promote its tourism, in April 2021. Under the channel name “Visit Abu Dhabi”, the Emirate aimed to engage with influencers who would showcase only the best of it to a worldwide audience. It came following the January 2021 winter campaign, initiated through a partnership between the UAE Government Media Office partnered and TikTok to promote the country's tourism. However, on the other side, the content creators in the country remained restricted. Under article 28 of Cyber-Crime Law, the UAE prohibits every person from publishing media content that violates its public image or poses a threat to its state security and to its highest interests. Many are often arrested or face charges for posting any photos or videos that are not in accordance with the country's image-building strategy.
A viral TikTok trend known as "Devious Licks" involves students vandalizing or stealing school property and posting the videos of the action on the platform. The trend has led to increasing school vandalism and subsequent measures taken by some schools to prevent damage. Some students have been arrested for participating in the trend. TikTok has taken measures to remove and prevent access to content displaying the trend.
Misinformation.
In January 2020, Media Matters for America said that TikTok hosted misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic despite a recent policy against misinformation. In April 2020, the government of India asked TikTok to remove users posting misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There were also multiple conspiracy theories that the government is involved with the spread of the pandemic. As a response to this, TikTok launched a feature to report content for misinformation.
Content censorship and moderation by the platform.
According to Mar Hicks, creators on TikTok feel that they have to be overly cautious about what they post, “because the rules change at any given moment, there’s no transparency,” Hicks says. The sudden disappearance of tags, intentional or not, has “incredibly problematic effects and negative effects on communities that are already marginalized and erased.”
The muddiness around content removal and moderation on TikTok is an ongoing frustration for the app's users. TikTok has community guidelines, but there's no public list of specific words and phrases that are banned, and it's not clear how much moderation is done algorithmically versus by actual people.
In March 2020, internal documents leaked to "The Intercept" revealed that moderators had been instructed to suppress posts created by users deemed "too ugly, poor, or disabled" for the platform, and to censor political speech in livestreams, punishing those who harmed "national honor" or broadcast streams about "state organs such as police" with bans from the platform.
In response to censorship concerns, TikTok's parent company hired K&amp;L Gates, including former U.S. Congressmen Bart Gordon and Jeff Denham, to advise it on its content moderation policies. TikTok also hired lobbying firm Monument Advocacy.
In January 2021, TikTok banned Trump content deemed to be inciting violence.
Human rights in China.
In January 2019, the Chinese government said that it would start to hold app developers like ByteDance responsible for user content shared via apps such as Douyin, and listed 100 types of content that the Chinese government would censor. It was reported that certain content unfavorable to the Chinese Communist Party has already been limited for users outside of China such as content related to the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests or Tibetan independence. TikTok has blocked videos about human rights in China, particularly those that reference Xinjiang internment camps and abuses of ethnic and religious minorities such as the Uyghurs, and disabled the accounts of users who post them. TikTok's policies also ban content related to a specific list of foreign leaders such as Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Mahatma Gandhi because it can stir controversy and attacks on political views. Its policies also ban content critical of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and content considered pro-Kurdish. TikTok was reported to have censored users supportive of the Citizenship Amendment Act protests in India and those who promote Hindu-Muslim unity. On 27 November 2019, TikTok temporarily suspended the account of 17-year-old Afghan-American user Feroza Aziz after she posted a video, disguised as a makeup tutorial, drawing attention to the internment camps of Muslim Uyghurs in Xinjiang, China. TikTok later apologized and explained that her account was suspended as a result of human error, and her account has since been reinstated. In July 2020, TikTok suspended the account of another user whose viral video called attention to human rights of the Uyghurs.
In June 2020, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that some previously non-political TikTok users were airing pro-Beijing views for the explicit purpose of boosting subscribers and avoiding "shadow" bans. In July 2020, the company announced it was pulling out of Hong Kong responding to the Hong Kong national security law.
In June 2020, "The Times of India" reported that TikTok was "shadow banning" videos related to the Sino-Indian border dispute and the 2020 China–India skirmishes.
In November 2020, a former TikTok executive stated to a UK parliamentary committee that TikTok censored content critical of China and particularly content related to the Uyghur genocide.
ISIS propaganda.
In October 2019, TikTok removed about two dozen accounts that were responsible for posting ISIS propaganda on the app.
LGBT people.
In countries where LGBT discrimination is the socio-political norm, TikTok moderators have blocked content that could be perceived as being positive towards LGBT people or LGBT rights, including same-sex couples holding hands, including in countries where homosexuality has never been illegal. Former U.S. employees of TikTok reported to "The Washington Post" that final decisions to remove content were made by parent company employees in Beijing.
In May 2021, Pidgeon Pagonis, an American intersex activist, reported that for the second time the intersex hashtag wasn't working on TikTok. They couldn't click the tag on one of their own posts and trying to search for "intersex" pulled up a "null" page. TikTok told "The Verge" that in both of the instances Pagonis noticed, the tag had been removed by mistake and was subsequently restored. However, because there was no public statement about the accidental removal, Pagonis and others were left to speculate about whether it was being intentionally censored.
People use different tactics to skirt TikTok's moderation. Some lesbian women on the app jokingly refer to themselves as "le dolla bean" based on the "le$bian" spelling that's used to avoid their videos being removed. “It became this whole joke,” says Mar Hicks, a historian of technology, “because things that have the word lesbian in them were either getting flagged for deletion or causing the users’ accounts to get in trouble.”
According to Mar Hicks, LGBTI people and people of color have found the guidelines are enforced “wildly differently” says Hicks, meaning their content will be suppressed or removed for supposed violations, but they get no response when they report abuse from other users. “Not only is it hurting their ability to speak and be seen on the app, but it’s also allowing them to get attacked and have hate speech thrown their way.”
Human rights in Russia.
On 3 February 2021, TikTok received a praise from Russian officials because social app's cooperation with them in deletion of "forbidden" content, mostly related to protest activity in Russia. In particular, as media censorship agency Roskomnadzor official Evgeniy Zaitsev stated that, "we need to highlight TikTok among other social media platforms because it has office in Russia and actively cooperated with us, which cannot be said about others". Also, the State Duma deputy Alexander Khinshtein said that TikTok new anti-fake news policies go well with the ideology of Russian content censorship law and edition of those "should be considered a very positive signal".
User privacy concerns.
Privacy concerns have also been brought up regarding the app. In its privacy policy, TikTok lists that it collects usage information, IP addresses, a user's mobile carrier, unique device identifiers, keystroke patterns, and location data, among other data. Web developers Talal Haj Bakry and Tommy Mysk said that allowing videos and other content being shared by the app's users through HTTP puts the users' data privacy at risk.
In January 2020, Check Point Research discovered a security flaw in TikTok which could have allowed hackers access to user accounts using SMS. In February, Reddit CEO Steve Huffman criticised the app, calling it "spyware," and stating "I look at that app as so fundamentally parasitic, that it's always listening, the fingerprinting technology they use is truly terrifying, and I could not bring myself to install an app like that on my phone." Responding to Huffman's comments, TikTok stated "These are baseless accusations made without a shred of evidence." Wells Fargo banned the app from its devices due to privacy and security concerns.
In May 2020, the Dutch Data Protection Authority announced an investigation into TikTok in relation to privacy protections for children. In June 2020, the European Data Protection Board announced that it would assemble a task force to examine TikTok's user privacy and security practices.
In August 2020, "The Wall Street Journal" reported that TikTok tracked Android user data, including MAC addresses and IMEIs, with a tactic in violation of Google's policies. The report sparked calls in the U.S. Senate for the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to launch an investigation.
In June 2021, TikTok updated its privacy policy to include collection of biometric data, including "faceprints and voiceprints". Some experts reacted by calling the terms of collection and data use "vague" and "highly problematic". The same month, CNBC reported that former employees had stated that "the boundaries between TikTok and ByteDance were so blurry as to be almost non-existent" and that "ByteDance employees are able to access U.S. user data" on TikTok.
U.S. COPPA fines.
On 27 February 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) fined ByteDance U.S.$5.7 million for collecting information from minors under the age of 13 in violation of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. ByteDance responded by adding a kids-only mode to TikTok which blocks the upload of videos, the building of user profiles, direct messaging, and commenting on others' videos, while still allowing the viewing and recording of content. In May 2020, an advocacy group filed a complaint with the FTC saying that TikTok had violated the terms of the February 2019 consent decree, which sparked subsequent Congressional calls for a renewed FTC investigation. In July 2020, it was reported that the FTC and the United States Department of Justice had initiated investigations.
UK Information Commissioner's Office investigation.
In February 2019, the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office launched an investigation of TikTok following the fine ByteDance received from the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said that the investigation focuses on the issues of private data collection, the kind of videos collected and shared by children online, as well as the platform's open messaging system which allows any adult to message any child. She noted that the company was potentially violating the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which requires the company to provide different services and different protections for children.
Italian Data Protection Authority.
On 22 January 2021, the Italian Data Protection Authority ordered the blocking of the use of the data of users whose age has not been established on the social network. The order was issued after the death of a 10-year-old Sicilian girl, which occurred after the execution of a challenge shared by users of the platform that involved attempting to choke the user with a belt around the neck. The block is set to remain in place until 15 February, when it will be re-evaluated.
Ireland Data Protection Commission.
In September 2021, the Ireland Data Protection Commissioner opened investigations into TikTok concerning protection of minors' data and transfers of personal data to China.
Cyberbullying.
As with other platforms, journalists in several countries have raised privacy concerns about the app, because it is popular with children and has the potential to be used by sexual predators.
Several users have reported endemic cyberbullying on TikTok, including racism and ableism. In December 2019, following a report by German digital rights group Netzpolitik.org, TikTok admitted that it had suppressed videos by disabled users as well as LGBTQ+ users in a purported effort to limit cyberbullying. TikTok's moderators were also told to suppress users with "abnormal body shape", "ugly facial looks", "too many wrinkles", or in "slums, rural fields" and "dilapidated housing" to prevent bullying.
In 2021 the platform revealed that it will be introducing a feature that will prevent teenagers from receiving notifications past their bedtime. The company will no longer send push notifications after 9pm to users aged between 13 and 15. For 16-year-olds and those aged 17 notifications will not be sent after 10pm.
Microtransactions.
TikTok has received criticism for enabling children to spend large sums of money purchasing coins to send to other users.
Legal issues.
Tencent lawsuits.
Tencent's WeChat platform has been accused of blocking Douyin's videos. In April 2018, Douyin sued Tencent and accused it of spreading false and damaging information on its WeChat platform, demanding CN¥1 million in compensation and an apology. In June 2018, Tencent filed a lawsuit against Toutiao and Douyin in a Beijing court, alleging they had repeatedly defamed Tencent with negative news and damaged its reputation, seeking a nominal sum of CN¥1 in compensation and a public apology. In response, Toutiao filed a complaint the following day against Tencent for allegedly unfair competition and asking for CN¥90 million in economic losses.
Data transfer class action lawsuit.
In November 2019, a class action lawsuit was filed in California that alleged that TikTok transferred personally identifiable information of U.S. persons to servers located in China owned by Tencent and Alibaba. The lawsuit also accused ByteDance, TikTok's parent company, of taking user content without their permission. The plaintiff of the lawsuit, college student Misty Hong, downloaded the app but said she never created an account. She realized a few months later that TikTok has created an account for her using her information (such as biometric) and made a summary of her information. The lawsuit also alleged that information was sent to Chinese tech giant Baidu. In July 2020, twenty lawsuits against TikTok were merged into a single class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. In February 2021, TikTok agreed to pay $92 million to settle the class action lawsuit.
Voice actor lawsuit.
In May 2021, Canadian voice actor Bev Standing filed a lawsuit against TikTok overuse of her voice in a filter without permission. The lawsuit was filed in the Southern District of New York. TikTok declined to comment. She believes the company used recordings made for the Chinese government-run Institute of Acoustics.
Market Information Research Foundation lawsuit.
In June 2021, the Netherlands-based Market Information Research Foundation (SOMI) filed a €1.4 billion lawsuit on behalf of Dutch parents against TikTok, alleging that the app gathers data on children without adequate permission.

</doc>
<doc id="56822865" url="?curid=56822865" title="Ellis Foote">
Ellis Foote

Ellis Foote (16 Nov 1911 – 8 Sep 1991) was an American poet. Largely self-educated, the vibrant, experimental work he published in the 1940s, largely unknown today, endeared him to such Western literary figures as Vardis Fisher and Alan Swallow, and may have influenced writers of the Beat Generation.
Life.
Foote was born near Quitchumpah Creek in Emery County, Utah. He attended school only through the ninth grade, and was largely self-educated, taking classes at Brigham Young University and other extension programs. A member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, he spent his missionary period in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and Leadville, Colorado. He married Norma Schreiner on May 20, 1937 in the Salt Lake LDS Temple. They would have five children.
In the early 1940s, through the writing programs organized by the poet Brewster Ghiselin at the University of Utah, Foote was introduced to a Western literary community. His associates included Ghiselin, the novelist Vardis Fisher, the critic George Snell, and the poet Francis Goffling. He spent his final years in Boulder, Colorado.
Foote published his works in a number of literary journals, including "American Book Collector", "New Mexico Quarterly", "Prairie Schooner", and "Neurotica". His first book was the first—and evidently the only—volume published by the "Rocky Mountain Review". Foote's second major book was published by Alan Swallow.
Foote withdrew from publishing in the early 1950s, focusing on a career in municipal administration. During his professional life, he served as city manager for several Western settlements, including Moab, Utah, which he noted was "in the heart of the Colorado Plateau country where all the uranium is being discovered." He was the first town manager of Hayden, Arizona, and served in similar capacity in Needles, California, and Willcox, Arizona.
During his period of withdrawal from the literary world, Foote continued to write for himself and a close circle of friends. He began to issue collections of his work once more in the 1970s. These later works were self-published in very limited quantity for private distribution.
Critical reception.
In a review, the publisher Alan Swallow noted that Foote's first book "is composed of experiments in a good many styles by a poet who obviously has not yet found his best method. The work is a good bit better than merely encouraging however... Foote indicates that he is a poet to be reckoned with." Rather more sardonically, critic Tom Trusky called Foote "the first interesting and experimental poet from Zion." Vardis Fisher thought enough of Foote's work to use a poem by him as the epigraph for his book, "Thomas Wolfe As I Knew Him and Other Essays" (1963).
A review of Foote's "Layman’s Fall" in "Poetry" rhapsodized: “Mr Foote’s long symbolic poem is a remarkable achievement, showing great boldness of design as well as finesse of craftsmanship. … Throughout the composition we find a dazzling display of verbal and metaphysical wit and, what is more, a Mozartian lightness of touch, almost unknown in English literature outside of Joyce and Sterne.”
The literary historian R. J. Ellis suggests that an experimental poem Foote published in the first issue of "Neurotica", a journal edited by Jay Landesman and treasured by literary bohemians, likely inspired writers of the Beat generation: "Ellis Foote's wild neologisitic experiments in "Hall Whalemocked the Damned" may (almost as much as Joyce's "Finnegans Wake") have influenced Kerouac, whilst Foote's long-line forms may have been noticed by Ginsberg." A later issue of "Neurotica" featured a collaboration by Ginsberg, Kerouac, and Neal Cassady that represented their first commercially published work.

</doc>
<doc id="56822871" url="?curid=56822871" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 1500 metres

The men's 1500 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 4 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56822872" url="?curid=56822872" title="CYVA">
CYVA


</doc>
<doc id="56822874" url="?curid=56822874" title="Theosophy (Blavatsky)">
Theosophy (Blavatsky)


</doc>
<doc id="56822875" url="?curid=56822875" title="1969 Copa de las Americas">
1969 Copa de las Americas

The 1969 Copa de las Americas (Cup of the Americas) was an artistic gymnastics tournament held in Mexico City, Mexico, July 12–15, 1969. The competition was a follow up to the North American Championships, held from 1964 until 1968, and changed its name from North American Championships to Cup of the Americas so that South American countries would be allowed to enter. At least one South American nation, Brazil, intended to compete, but eventually the even was attended only by North American nations.

</doc>
<doc id="56822890" url="?curid=56822890" title="Leif Andersen (rower)">
Leif Andersen (rower)

Leif Andersen (26 February 1936 – 21 November 2014) was a Norwegian competition rower. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="56822897" url="?curid=56822897" title="Canadian Screen Award for Best Actor in a Comedy Series">
Canadian Screen Award for Best Actor in a Comedy Series

The Canadian Screen Award for Best Actor in Comedy Series is an annual Canadian television award, presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best leading performance by an actor in a Canadian television comedy series.
The award was first presented in 1986 as part of the Gemini Awards. However, as Canadian television comedy was dominated by sketch comedy rather than narrative sitcoms in the late 1980s and 1990s, the awards for Best Actor and Best Actress in a Comedy Series were discontinued after 1987, with only a single gender-neutral award presented for best individual performance in a comedy series thereafter. With the revival of scripted narrative comedy series in the 2000s, separate awards for actors and actresses were reinstated in 2011, and have been presented since then as part of the Canadian Screen Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56822899" url="?curid=56822899" title="Canthonini">
Canthonini


</doc>
<doc id="56822914" url="?curid=56822914" title="Taragarh Fort (disambiguation)">
Taragarh Fort (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56822918" url="?curid=56822918" title="Paayum Puli (disambiguation)">
Paayum Puli (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56822957" url="?curid=56822957" title="Cantal, Saskatchewan">
Cantal, Saskatchewan

Cantal is an unincorporated community, within the Rural Municipality of Reciprocity No. 32, Saskatchewan, Canada. The community is located 4 km north of Highway 361 on Range Road 340, (49.433998, -101.934873) approximately 103 km east of the city of Estevan. Farming and oil are the major local industries.
Gallery.
A gallery of photos from Cantal, Saskatchewan

</doc>
<doc id="56822960" url="?curid=56822960" title="Fabricius (disambiguation)">
Fabricius (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56822974" url="?curid=56822974" title="Billy McLean (disambiguation)">
Billy McLean (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56822975" url="?curid=56822975" title="Asterodiscides truncatus">
Asterodiscides truncatus

Asterodiscides truncatus, the firebrick starfish, is a species of five-armed starfish in the family Asterodiscididae. It is native to eastern and southern Australia, the Norfolk Ridge and the Kermadec Islands of New Zealand.
Description.
The starfish has plates on its aboral (upper) surface arranged in a reticulate fashion with brightly coloured tubercles scattered between them. There are only a few inconspicuous marginal plates but the superomarginal plate at the end of each arm is very large. The tube feet are tipped with suckers and do not have any spicules. The tubercles vary in size and colour, making a red, purple and orange pattern on the aboral surface. There is a pair of very large tubercles at the tip of each arm.
Distribution and habitat.
Endemic to Australia, "A. truncatus" occurs on the south and east coasts, on the western end of the Norfolk Ridge and the Kermadec Islands. In southern Australia it is a deep water species found in rocky habitats at , but in New South Wales it occurs on shallow rocky reefs in the subtidal zone.
Ecology.
"A. truncatus" feeds by grazing on sponges and other colourful benthic organisms at the base of the kelp forest, amongst which its bright colours are inconspicuous. A commensal shrimp can sometimes be found living among the tubercles. It has been observed releasing gametes into the water column by standing on the tips of its arms to raise its body off the sea floor. However, little is known of the biology of this starfish.

</doc>
<doc id="56822988" url="?curid=56822988" title="Xray (chess)">
Xray (chess)


</doc>
<doc id="56822997" url="?curid=56822997" title="Canadian Screen Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series">
Canadian Screen Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series

The Canadian Screen Award for Best Actress in Comedy Series is an annual Canadian television award, presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the best leading performance by an actress in a Canadian television comedy series.
The award was first presented in 1986 as part of the Gemini Awards. However, as Canadian television comedy was dominated by sketch comedy rather than narrative sitcoms in the late 1980s, the awards for Best Actress and Best Actor in a Comedy Series were discontinued after 1987, with only a single gender-neutral award presented for best performance in a comedy series thereafter. With the revival of scripted narrative comedy series in the 2000s, separate awards for actors and actresses were reinstated in 2011, and have been presented since then as part of the Canadian Screen Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56823001" url="?curid=56823001" title="Radu Crișan">
Radu Crișan

Radu Crișan (born 27 April 1996) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for CSC 1599 Șelimbăr. Crișan started his career at Universitatea Cluj and played also for teams such as: Astra Giurgiu, Academica Clinceni or Hermannstadt.
Honours.
Hermannstadt

</doc>
<doc id="56823003" url="?curid=56823003" title="Middlesboro–Bell County Airport">
Middlesboro–Bell County Airport

Middlesboro–Bell County Airport, is a city-owned public-use airport located west of the central business district of Middlesboro, a city in Bell County, Kentucky, United States.
Although most airports in the United States use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and International Air Transport Association (IATA), this airport is assigned 1A6 by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Middlesboro–Bell County Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,154 feet (352 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt runway: 10/28 is 3,631 by 75 feet (1,107 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 27, 2015, the airport had 18,900 aircraft operations, an average of 52 per day: 89% general aviation, 9% air taxi and 2% military. In July 2018, there were 26 aircraft based at this airport: 16 single-engine, 2 multi-engine, 2 helicopter and 6 ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="56823006" url="?curid=56823006" title="International School of Law and Business">
International School of Law and Business

 International School of Law and Business (ISLB, or TTVAM) is a private university in Vilnius (Laisvės prospektas 58, Viršuliškės), Lithuania. The ISLB has over 700 students with a growing share of international students from 8 different countries and nearly 100 academicians and practitioners. ISLB provides a range of courses taught in English. ISLB has signed over 100 Bilateral Agreements with partner institutions in the frames of LLP/Erasmus programme and Nordplus Framework Programme as well as Master studies in Europe and South Korea.
ISLB was founded on September 1, 1998 as Daugvilienė Business High School ("Daugvilienės aukštesnioji verslo mokykla") and 2001 as the Vilnius Law and Business College ("Vilniaus teisės ir verslo kolegija"). Director was Daiva Daugvilienė.

</doc>
<doc id="56823007" url="?curid=56823007" title="Dave Clark (athlete)">
Dave Clark (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56823028" url="?curid=56823028" title="Robert Patterson Hughes">
Robert Patterson Hughes

Robert Patterson Hughes (April 11, 1839 – October 27, 1909) was an American military officer. He served from 1861 until 1903 and attained the rank of major general.
A native of Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, he was educated at local academies and taught school before attending Jefferson College. He left college to join the Union Army for the American Civil War, and rose to the rank of colonel by brevet. After the war, Hughes received a commission in the United States Army. He participated in engagements of the American Indian Wars, and served for several years as aide-de-camp to his Alfred Terry, who became his brother-in-law.
By the mid-1880s, Hughes had been promoted to major and began to serve in various commands as an inspector general. During the Spanish–American War in 1898, he was promoted to brigadier general and served on the staff of Major General Elwell Stephen Otis, the commander of Eighth Army Corps during its duty in the Philippines. Hughes continued to serve in the Philippines during the Philippine–American War and was assigned as commander of the Military Department of the Visayas. After returning to the United States, Hughes was promoted to major general as commander of the Department of California.
Hughes retired upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 64 in 1903. He lived in Philadelphia, where he died on October 27, 1909. He was buried at Grove Street Cemetery in New Haven, Connecticut.
Early life.
Hughes was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania on April 11, 1839, a son of Samuel L. Hughes and Manilla (McClelland) Hughes. He was raised in Canonsburg, Hopewell, and Buffalo in western Pennsylvania, and attended the public schools of Hopewell. He later studied at academies in Cross Creek and Buffalo, received his qualification as a school teacher, and taught in the local schools. He attended Jefferson College in Canonsburg as a member of the class of 1860, but left before graduating in order to join the military during the American Civil War.
Start of career.
On April 25, 1861, Hughes enlisted in the Union Army for the American Civil War, joining Company E, 12th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment as a private. The 12th Pennsylvania was one of the many regiments created to perform three months' service at the start of the war, and Hughes served until he was mustered out with the rest of his unit on August 5, 1861.
On October 11, 1861, Hughes joined the 85th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment and received his commission as a first lieutenant. He was promoted to captain on May 20, 1862. On December 6, 1864, he was discharged so he could join the 199th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment. On December 7, he was commissioned as the 199th's lieutenant colonel, its second-in-command. When his commander was promoted to brigadier general and command of a brigade, Hughes ascended to command of the regiment. He served through the end of the war and was discharged on June 28, 1865. Hughes received a promotion to colonel of volunteers by brevet to recognize his gallant and distinguished service during the Union Army's April 2, 1865, assault on Fort Gregg, Virginia during the Third Battle of Petersburg.
Continued career.
Hughes joined the United States Army after the Civil War and on July 28, 1866, he was commissioned as a captain in the 18th United States Infantry. On March 2, 1867, he received a brevet promotion to major in the regular army to recognize his conduct at Fort Gregg. On July 5, 1870, Hughes was transferred to the 3rd United States Infantry. He served in several American Indian Wars, including the Great Sioux War of 1876. During the 1876 campaign, he was assigned as aide-de-camp to his brother-in-law, Major General Alfred Terry, who commanded one of three columns of troops that fought American Indian tribes in Montana. While on Terry's staff, Hughes authored a critique of George Armstrong Custer's actions leading up to and during the Battle of the Little Bighorn. Hughes continued to serve as Terry's aide for eleven years.
On February 19, 1885, Hughes was promoted to major and assigned as inspector general of the 3rd Infantry Regiment. He continued to serve in the Army's Inspector General department and was promoted to lieutenant colonel on March 11, 1885 and colonel on August 31, 1888. During the 1888-1889 illness of Roger Jones, the Inspector General of the United States Army, Hughes acted in Jones' place. His subsequent assignments included inspector general of the Military Division of the Atlantic and the same position with the Department of the East.
Spanish–American War.
During the Spanish–American War, Hughes served in the Philippines as a member of the staff of Elwell Stephen Otis, who commanded the Eighth Army Corps. He received promotion to brigadier general of Volunteers on June 3, 1898, and was assigned as the corps chief of staff on June 23. He subsequently served as provost marshal for the city of Manila and commander of a specially created provost marshal unit, the First Separate Brigade. When a large fire threatened to consume the city in February 1899, Hughes led the army's response, and was officially commended by Otis. He later served as commander of the First Military District.
Hughes remained in the Philippines during the Philippine–American War and in May 1900 he was appointed to the U.S. commission that was assigned to negotiate with Filipino insurgents. On May 25, 1900, he was named commander of the Department of the Visayas. On February 25, 1901, he was promoted to brigadier general in the regular army.
Later career.
After his return from the Philippines, Hughes commanded the Army's Department of California. He was promoted to major general on April 1, 1902. Hughes concluded his military service upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 64 in April 1903.
Hughes was active in the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States. In addition, he was active in the United Spanish War Veterans, and the post in Buffalo, Pennsylvania was named for him.
Death and burial.
In retirement, Hughes was a resident of the Overbrook neighborhood of Philadelphia. He died at his home on October 27, 1909. Hughes was buried at Grove Street Cemetery in New Haven, Connecticut, his wife's hometown.
In 1910, Fort Hughes, a Coast Artillery post on Caballo Island in Manila Bay, was named for him. The site was an active U.S. Army post through World War II and is now controlled by the Philippine Navy. The remnants of old fortifications and batteries are still visible, but the island is closed to the public.
Family.
In 1876, Hughes married Clara Henrietta Terry (1835-1891), the sister of Major General Alfred Terry. They had no children, and after his wife's 1891 death, Hughes frequently visited her family in Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="56823040" url="?curid=56823040" title="1A6">
1A6


</doc>
<doc id="56823048" url="?curid=56823048" title="Conservatarianism">
Conservatarianism


</doc>
<doc id="56823055" url="?curid=56823055" title="Tarptautinė teisės ir verslo aukštoji mokykla">
Tarptautinė teisės ir verslo aukštoji mokykla


</doc>
<doc id="56823057" url="?curid=56823057" title="List of uprisings in Hungary">
List of uprisings in Hungary

The following list contains the upraisings in Hungary, the Kingdom of Hungary and the Principality of Transylvania in timely order.

</doc>
<doc id="56823067" url="?curid=56823067" title="1959 Drexel Dragons football team">
1959 Drexel Dragons football team

The 1959 Drexel Dragons football team represented the Drexel Institute of Technology (renamed Drexel University in 1970) as a member of the Middle Atlantic Conference during the 1959 NCAA College Division football season. Jack Hinkle was the team's head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="56823070" url="?curid=56823070" title="Exponent (Podcast)">
Exponent (Podcast)


</doc>
<doc id="56823071" url="?curid=56823071" title="Andy Penn">
Andy Penn


</doc>
<doc id="56823083" url="?curid=56823083" title="Ancylonotus tribulus">
Ancylonotus tribulus


</doc>
<doc id="56823087" url="?curid=56823087" title="The Snob's Dictionary">
The Snob's Dictionary

The Snob's Dictionary is a series of books by "Vanity Fair" contributing writer David Kamp that gently satirizes snobbery (cinephilia ("Film Snob"), rock music ("Rock Snob"), winery ("Wine Snob") and fine cuisine ("Food Snob")) which soon became a video series with some episodes narrated by actor Judah Friedlander.
Summary.
An inside look into cultural snobs whose knowledge of the said subjects are more important than enjoying them.

</doc>
<doc id="56823097" url="?curid=56823097" title="We're Going to Need More Wine">
We're Going to Need More Wine


</doc>
<doc id="56823103" url="?curid=56823103" title="2019 Cantabrian regional election">
2019 Cantabrian regional election

The 2019 Cantabrian regional election was held on Sunday, 26 May 2019, to elect the 10th Parliament of the autonomous community of Cantabria. All 35 seats in the Parliament were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in eleven other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain, as well as the 2019 European Parliament election.
Overview.
Electoral system.
The Parliament of Cantabria was the devolved, unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Cantabria, having legislative power in regional matters as defined by the Spanish Constitution and the Cantabrian Statute of Autonomy, as well as the ability to vote confidence in or withdraw it from a regional president.
Voting for the Parliament was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over eighteen, registered in Cantabria and in full enjoyment of their political rights. Additionally, Cantabrians abroad were required to apply for voting before being permitted to vote, a system known as "begged" or expat vote (). The 35 members of the Parliament of Cantabria were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of five percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied regionally.
Election date.
The term of the Parliament of Cantabria expired four years after the date of its previous election. Elections to the Parliament were fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years. The previous election was held on 24 May 2015, setting the election date for the Parliament on Sunday, 26 May 2019.
The president had the prerogative to dissolve the Parliament of Cantabria and call a snap election, provided that no motion of no confidence was in process, no nationwide election was due and some time requirements were met: namely, that dissolution did not occur either during the first legislative session or within the legislature's last year ahead of its scheduled expiry, nor before one year had elapsed since a previous dissolution. In the event of an investiture process failing to elect a regional president within a two-month period from the first ballot, the Parliament was to be automatically dissolved and a fresh election called. Any snap election held as a result of these circumstances would not alter the period to the next ordinary election, with elected deputies merely serving out what remained of their four-year terms.
Parliamentary composition.
The Parliament of Cantabria was officially dissolved on 2 April 2019, after the publication of the dissolution decree in the Official Gazette of Cantabria. The table below shows the composition of the parliamentary groups in the Parliament at the time of dissolution.
Parties and candidates.
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in Cantabria, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates.
Below is a list of the main parties and electoral alliances which contested the election:
Opinion polls.
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a given poll. When available, seat projections are also displayed below the voting estimates in a smaller font. 18 seats were required for an absolute majority in the Parliament of Cantabria.

</doc>
<doc id="56823104" url="?curid=56823104" title="Universities in Belarus">
Universities in Belarus


</doc>
<doc id="56823118" url="?curid=56823118" title="2017–18 St. John's Edge season">
2017–18 St. John's Edge season


</doc>
<doc id="56823133" url="?curid=56823133" title="Jo-Ann Archibald">
Jo-Ann Archibald

Jo-Ann Archibald, also known as Q’um Q’um Xiiem , is an Indigenous studies scholar from the First Nation in British Columbia, Canada.
Archibald completed her Bachelor of Education at the University of British Columbia (UBC) in 1972, followed by her Masters degree and Ph.D. at Simon Fraser University. Archibald was a member of the Board of Directors at the First Nations House of Learning at UBC and was also its Director from 1993 to 2001.
Archibald is a former Associate Dean for Indigenous Education in Educational studies at UBC and a supervisor for the Native Indigenous Teacher Education Program (NITEP) from 1985 to 1992. Archibald was the Director for the International Research Institute for Maori and Indigenous Education after she established a formal relationship between the UBC and the University of Auckland. Archibald focuses a lot of her research on the importance of indigenous story work in the classroom.
Achievements.
Archibald received the Justice Achievement Award in 1995 from the National Association for Court Management for her development of First Nations justice curriculum. In 2000 she won the National Aboriginal Achievement Award for Education. The American Educational Research Association awarded her the Scholars of Color Distinguished Career Contribution Award in 2013.
Work.
Archibald has frequently published work and has sat on many advisory boards for different books. These books include 

</doc>
<doc id="56823146" url="?curid=56823146" title="Albertis Castle">
Albertis Castle


</doc>
<doc id="56823147" url="?curid=56823147" title="L. P. W. Renouf">
L. P. W. Renouf

Louis Percy Watt Renouf FRSE MRIA (1887–1968) was a 20th century British biologist working in Ireland. As an author Renouf specialised in texts aimed at children.
Life.
He was born on 11 December 1887 in (or near) Birmingham. He was given a strict Roman Catholic education at Erdington Abbey then attended King Edward VII Grammar School in Birmingham. He then studied Biology at Cambridge University graduating MA in 1914 then obtaining a Diploma in Agriculture.
In 1922 he was appointed Professor of Zoology at University College, Cork. In 1936 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Sir John Graham Kerr, James Chumley, Robert Arnot Staig and James Hartley Ashworth.
He died at St Philomena's at Tivoli in Cork in Eire on 20 January 1968.
Family.
In 1914 he married Mary Wareing.

</doc>
<doc id="56823161" url="?curid=56823161" title="Norwood Grammar School">
Norwood Grammar School


</doc>
<doc id="56823171" url="?curid=56823171" title="Berga an der Elster">
Berga an der Elster


</doc>
<doc id="56823196" url="?curid=56823196" title="Peace House">
Peace House


</doc>
<doc id="56823201" url="?curid=56823201" title="Cristian Raiciu">
Cristian Raiciu

Cristian Ștefan Raiciu (born 3 July 1996) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. Raiciu started his career at Concordia Chiajna, team for which he also made the Liga I debut and played subsequently for Rapid București and Steaua II București.

</doc>
<doc id="56823203" url="?curid=56823203" title="Narendra Chandra Debbarma">
Narendra Chandra Debbarma


</doc>
<doc id="56823209" url="?curid=56823209" title="Will Rogers Memorial Highway">
Will Rogers Memorial Highway


</doc>
<doc id="56823235" url="?curid=56823235" title="Elizabeth Losey">
Elizabeth Losey

Elizabeth Brown Losey (née Beard) (1912–2005) was an American conservationist who is recognized as being the first female refuge biologist.
Education.
Losey was born in East Orange, New Jersey in 1912. She went to high school in Lynn, Massachusetts. She graduated from the University of Michigan with a degree in wildlife management and conservation in 1946. Initially, Losey could not find work because she was a woman. She worked as a research assistant for the University of Michigan until 1952. She created a series of teaching aids in wildlife management, including the "Outline of upland game bird management" (1947).
Career.
In 1947 she was employed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service as a biologist at Seney National Wildlife Refuge. Her assignment was to understand the importance of beavers in waterfowl management. Losey was the first woman research biologist in the country. She quit when she was told she was being transferred West, as by that time "romance had crept in". She was only employed by the agency for three years, but built up a successful career as an ornithologist. Rachel Carson recognized Losey's preparations for a manuscript on trumpeter swans as "an excellent job of organizing the material for an effective story". In 1964 she published her observation of duck broods at the Seney National Wildlife Refuge.
Losey travelled America and Canada taking photographs of fur trading posts and collecting Native American art, which was later donated to the DeVos Art Museum in Michigan. Losey wrote two books. "Let Them Be Remembered: The Story of the Fur Trade Forts", the story of the Hudson's Bay Company and the 1600 fur trade, was published in 1999. Her second, "Seney National Wildlife Refuge: its story", was published in 2003. She remained a volunteer at Seney National Wildlife Refuge until her death in 2005. She wrote her final peer-reviewed paper at the age of 92 on the history of the Sharp-tailed Grouse, which was published after her death. She was a lifetime sponsor of Delta Waterfowl Foundation. She is regarded as a pioneer in gender equality within fieldwork.

</doc>
<doc id="56823246" url="?curid=56823246" title="List of international cricket five-wicket hauls at Queens Sports Club">
List of international cricket five-wicket hauls at Queens Sports Club

Queens Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. It has been used for cricket matches since 1899 and has hosted international matches as well as domestic games. The venue is the Zimbabwe national cricket team's second-most used home ground, after Harare Sports Club in Harare. The first Test match at the venue was held in 1994 with Sri Lanka as the visiting side. The first One Day International (ODI) took place in 1996 with England Zimbabwe's opposition and the first Twenty20 International (T20I) on the ground was held in 2013 with Bangladesh the visitors. The ground hosted One Day International matches during the 2003 ICC Cricket World Cup and 2018 ICC World Cup Qualifier.
In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five-for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. This is regarded as a notable achievement. This article details the five-wicket hauls taken on the ground in official international Test and One Day International matches.
The first bowler to take a five-wicket haul in a Test match on the ground was Zimbabwean Heath Streak against Pakistan in 1995. Streak took five wickets for 70 runs, with Pakistan's Wasim Akram also taking a five-wicket haul later in the same match. The best figures in Test cricket on the ground are the 8/109 taken by Zimbabwean spinner Paul Strang against New Zealand in 2000. Team-mate Adam Huckle has the best match figures in Test cricket on the ground, taking 11 wickets, including two five-wicket hauls, against New Zealand in 1995.
The first ODI five-wicket haul on the ground was also taken by Streak, who took 5/32 against India in 1997. New Zealand's Shane Bond as the best ODI figures on the ground, taking 6/19 against India in 2005. , no five-wicket hauls have been taken in Twenty20 International matches on the ground.
Test match five-wicket hauls.
A total of 23 five-wicket hauls have been taken in Test matches on the ground.
One Day International five-wicket hauls.
Ten five-wicket hauls have been taken in ODIs on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="56823256" url="?curid=56823256" title="Little Rus'">
Little Rus'


</doc>
<doc id="56823261" url="?curid=56823261" title="Baby Sol">
Baby Sol


</doc>
<doc id="56823267" url="?curid=56823267" title="Robert Băjan">
Robert Băjan

Robert Adrian Băjan (born 30 October 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a right back. In his career Băjan also played for FC Brașov, ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș, Pandurii Târgu Jiu, Rapid București or Farul Constanța.

</doc>
<doc id="56823268" url="?curid=56823268" title="Baby N'Sola">
Baby N'Sola


</doc>
<doc id="56823273" url="?curid=56823273" title="Great Rus’">
Great Rus’


</doc>
<doc id="56823275" url="?curid=56823275" title="Great Rus'">
Great Rus'


</doc>
<doc id="56823276" url="?curid=56823276" title="Peace House (disambiguation)">
Peace House (disambiguation)

The Peace House or House of Peace may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56823290" url="?curid=56823290" title="Yanthungo Patton">
Yanthungo Patton

Yanthungo Patton, also known as Y. Patton, is an Indian politician from Nagaland and the current Deputy Chief Minister and Home Minister of the Indian state of Nagaland serving in the NDPP-BJP administration. He is the BJP MLA from Tuyi Assembly Constituency and was Home Minister in the NPF-led government.

</doc>
<doc id="56823296" url="?curid=56823296" title="Advantages and disadvantages of open-source software development">
Advantages and disadvantages of open-source software development


</doc>
<doc id="56823298" url="?curid=56823298" title="Y. Patton">
Y. Patton


</doc>
<doc id="56823309" url="?curid=56823309" title="Blacker Dread">
Blacker Dread


</doc>
<doc id="56823310" url="?curid=56823310" title="Vasilisa (2013 film)">
Vasilisa (2013 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56823337" url="?curid=56823337" title="Andrei Șendroiu">
Andrei Șendroiu

Andrei Șendroiu (born 30 September 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga III side CSO Filiași.

</doc>
<doc id="56823347" url="?curid=56823347" title="Anna M. Valencia">
Anna M. Valencia

Anna M. Valencia (born January 16, 1985) is an American politician who serves as the City Clerk of Chicago. She was appointed to the position vacated by Susana Mendoza, and took office in 2017. She was elected to a full term as City Clerk in 2019.
Early life and education.
Valencia was raised in Granite City, Illinois, the daughter of Joe and Debbie Valencia. She is of Mexican descent. She attended the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign where she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Studies.
Early political career.
Valencia was a staff member for Mike Quigley's congressional election campaign in 2009 and for Michigan Representative Gary Peters's congressional election campaign in 2010. Valencia was a member of a Legislative Counsel and Government Affairs team for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel in 2011 and later served as its director from April 2016 until January 2017. She was the campaign manager for Senator Dick Durbin in 2014. In 2015, she was a Senior Advisor for Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s re-election campaign.
City Clerk.
She was appointed as City Clerk in December 2016, and was sworn into office on January 25, 2017.
She ran to continue her tenure as City Clerk in the 2019 election. After two challengers were removed from the ballot due to insufficient nominating petition signatures, she was unopposed and won election to a full term.
Municipal ID program.
In the fall of 2016, $1 million was set aside in the City Clerk's budget for Chicago's Municipal ID program which will allow all residents the ability to apply for a government-issued ID. Since taking office, Valencia has announced that the Municipal ID card will be a three-in-one card so that it can also be used as transit and library cards. In December 2017, Clerk Valencia announced the pilot program and that the card would be called the "CityKey" with the first 100,000 IDs being free.
2022 secretary of state campaign.
Valencia is running in the 2022 election for Illinois Secretary of State.
Personal life.
Valencia is married and lives in Chicago. On April 15, 2020, she gave birth to a daughter, Reyana Joy Valencia Kazmi.

</doc>
<doc id="56823348" url="?curid=56823348" title="Chris Caird">
Chris Caird

Christopher William C. Caird (born 26 May 1989) is an English basketball coach and former member of the Great Britain men's national basketball team.
College.
Caird played college basketball for Drake University from 2013 to 2015.
Career.
Caird first senior games came during the 2007-2008 season as a member of FSu Basket. He played for FSu until 2010 when he move to the United States to attend college. He returned to FSu in 2015 and averaged 19.4 points and 7.4 rebounds for the club during the 2015-2016 Úrvalsdeild season. However, a hip injury that required surgery cut his season short and he was unable to prevent FSu from being relegated back to Division I
After the season, Caird signed with Tindastóll. Despite being hobbled by injuries, he was named to the Úrvalsdeild All-first team for the first half of the 2016-2017 season. In January 2018 he was forced to retire as a player due to persistent knee injury and was subsequently hired as an assistant coach to Tindastóll men's basketball team.
In May 2018, Caird was hired as the head coach of Selfoss-Basket. On 22 November he returned to the court with Selfoss, playing 23 minutes and scoring 18 points against Höttur.

</doc>
<doc id="56823349" url="?curid=56823349" title="Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Company">
Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Company


</doc>
<doc id="56823351" url="?curid=56823351" title="CA Osasuna Femenino">
CA Osasuna Femenino

Club Atlético Osasuna Femenino is a Spanish women's football team from Pamplona, Navarre, currently playing in the Segunda División Pro. It is the women's section of CA Osasuna.
History.
From 2003, Osasuna's women's team played in Groups 1 and 2 of the Segunda División for seven seasons, usually finishing mid-table. Marta Unzué, who would later win several titles with FC Barcelona Femení, began her career at the club. In the early 2010s, some controversies arose over the organization's management of the team: in March 2011, eleven players left the team accusing the executives of sexism, lack of interest and poor training conditions, and in May of the following year, outgoing chairman Patxi Izco declared women's football as "unsightly" and "unsuitable for women".
The team was disbanded in June 2014 in the midst of financial turmoil, weeks after the male team's relegation to the Segunda División; rising star player Maite Oroz moved to Athletic Bilbao Femenino on a free transfer. However, within weeks an agreement was secured with fledgling club , based in nearby Mutilva Baja (Aranguren), to collaborate on the formation of a senior team in the Navarre Regional League (third tier) for the following season, with this squad playing at Osasuna's Tajonar Facilities and Mulier operating its own club structure and youth teams.
The "Mulier-Osasuna" team won promotion at the first attempt, winning 26 of their 28 matches. Struggling at the bottom of the table in the subsequent Segunda División campaign, the two clubs thereafter parted ways, with Mulier reprieved to remain in the second tier and Osasuna's team re-launching independently in the level below as the figureheads of a new foundation involving several other local clubs (including SD Lagunak, who for much of the decade prior were one of the elite clubs of Spanish women's football).
Mulier, who declined to join the Osasuna group as it would have resulted in their relegation, performed better without the assistance of their professional neighbours, finishing runners-up in the Segunda División group (they later agreed a new partnership with Athletic Bilbao in 2019), while the separate Osasuna Femenino team dominated the Navarre regional league (80 points from a possible 84) and were promoted to join their former partners, along with the women's sections of the Basque clubs Eibar and Alavés.
The first home fixture of 2017–18 was played at El Sadar Stadium, home to the Osasuna men's team, marking the first occasion that the venue hosted a women's match in its 50-year history. 
Osasuna was also permitted to add a B team in the Navarre regional league for 2017–18, as they had previously in the 2011–12 and 2012–13 seasons. At the same time as the first team were promoted to the new "Segunda Pro" level in 2019, the B team also moved up to the third tier, now called "Primera Nacional". 
From 2018 until 2020, the telecommunications firm Euskaltel was the main sponsor of the Osasuna Femenino team. Technology company "Humanox" became the sponsor in 2020.
In the 2020–21 season, played in a two-phase format due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain, Osasuna challenged for promotion to the Primera División for the first time, but finished second behind Alavés (who also had never reached the top tier previously) in both the winter and spring regional groups.

</doc>
<doc id="56823356" url="?curid=56823356" title="CA Osasuna (women)">
CA Osasuna (women)


</doc>
<doc id="56823357" url="?curid=56823357" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 1500 metres

The women's 1500 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 4 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56823359" url="?curid=56823359" title="Osasuna women">
Osasuna women


</doc>
<doc id="56823368" url="?curid=56823368" title="Natural History Museum of Oslo">
Natural History Museum of Oslo


</doc>
<doc id="56823373" url="?curid=56823373" title="Palazzo Vivarelli Colonna">
Palazzo Vivarelli Colonna

The Palazzo Vivarelli Colonna is a palace located at via Ghibellina #30, corner with angolo via delle Conce, in central Florence in the region of Tuscany, Italy.
History.
The palace has had multiple owners over the centuries. In the 16th century, the Granacci combined a number of structures at the locale into one palace and garden. From the 16th to the 18th century it was owned by the Gaburri including by the art patron Francesco Maria Niccolò Gabburri, before being inherited by the Lotteringhi della Stufa family. In the 19th century, it was owned by the banker Michele Giuntini, who commissioned a cycle of frescoes here. From 1857 to 1979 it was owned by the Vivarelli Colonna.
The palace once had frescoes by Antonio Domenico Gabbiani, Pier Dandini, Alessandro Gherardini, and Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani, commissioned by Gaburri. Now the 19th century frescoes displayed in the first floor were completed by Angiolo Angiolini, Luigi Catani, Gasparo Martellini, Giuseppe Collignon, Francesco Nenci, and Giuseppe Bezzuoli.
The palace has a small formal Italian-style garden adorned with an 18th-century wall fountain and grotto installed by Gabburri depicting Orpheus and his lyre. The garden was restored just before the year 2000. The building is now owned by the City of Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="56823375" url="?curid=56823375" title="Brenchley Wood">
Brenchley Wood

Brenchley Wood is a nature reserve south of Paddock Wood in Kent. It is managed by the Kent Wildlife Trust, and it is part of the High Weald Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. 
This ancient wood is dominated by mature beech and oak trees, with birds such as nightingales and tawny owls. A former pine plantation in the north of the site is now being restored to heathland.
There is access at the junction of Romford Road and Foxhole Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="56823380" url="?curid=56823380" title="Gammel Strand 50">
Gammel Strand 50

Gammel Strand 50 is a historic property overlooking Slotsholmens Kanal in central Copenhagen, Denmark. The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1918.
History.
The site was in 1790
Before the Great Fire of 1795.
The site was in 1689 part of two different properties owned by Anders Søbødker (No. 17) and one Jens Pedersen's widow Bente (No. 18: In 1756, No. 17 was owned by 17: Jens Hansen and No. 18 was owned by coppersmith Johan Christian Schellerup. The properties were together with most of the other buildings in the area destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795.
The current building.
No. 17 was subsequently merged with part of No. 18 by hat maker Gudman Petersen. The current building was constructed for him in 1796-97.
The property was in the new cadastre of 1806 listed as No. 15. "Capelmusicus" Holger Simon Paulli was a resident in the building in 1838 and the writer H. V. Kaalund (1818-1885). lived in the building around 1849.
The building was heightened with one storey in 1853. The merchant C. W. Jøhncke lived in the building and ran his company from the premises. A clerk in the company, Hans Peder Kofod, tried to myrder him by poisoning his coffee in 1856 after committing embezzlement. He was sentenced to death at the Supreme Court but the sentence was later converted to life in prison.
C. Simonsens Kunst- og Stentrykkeri was later based in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="56823391" url="?curid=56823391" title="Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Co.">
Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Co.


</doc>
<doc id="56823399" url="?curid=56823399" title="Liam Millar">
Liam Millar

Liam Alan Millar (born September 27, 1999) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Swiss Super League club Basel, and the Canada national team. He featured in the youth ranks of Brampton Youth SC and North Mississauga SC before moving to England to join Fulham Academy aged 13. After three years with Fulham, he joined the Liverpool Academy in 2016.
Early life.
Millar was born in Toronto and raised in Brampton and Oakville. He moved to England at the age of 13 for footballing purposes. His father played for Charlton Athletic and is an electrician who works on television series, including "Game of Thrones".
Club career.
Early career.
Millar began his career with Brampton Youth SC at the age of four. After two years he joined North Mississauga SC and remained at the club until his move to England. He joined Fulham at the age of 13 but felt he struggled to adapt to English football. On moving to England, Millar said "It took me a while to adjust to how English football is, it probably took me a good two-and-a-half years."
Liverpool.
In July 2016, he joined Premier League club Liverpool on a free transfer with striking options limited in the Academy.
Millar scored four minutes into his Liverpool U18s career and marked his debut in the U18 Premier League with a hat-trick in a 4–0 victory against Blackburn Rovers U18s in August 2016. A month later, he signed a professional contract on his 17th birthday. Injury ruled Millar out for three months of his inaugural season but a return in January saw him finish the season with six goals in 17 appearances in the U18 Premier League.
He featured in every game of Liverpool's 2017–18 UEFA Youth League campaign and scored twice in eight games. After 18 months under the guidance of Steven Gerrard in the Under-18s, Millar received his first call-up to the Under-23 squad in January 2018.
He made his senior Liverpool debut on February 4, 2020 starting in the FA Cup fourth-round replay against Shrewsbury Town. He was replaced by Joe Hardy in the 82nd minute. In mid-2020 Liverpool turned down multiple transfer offers for Millar, who received loan interest from clubs in the Championship and Bundesliga.
Loans to Kilmarnock.
On January 31, 2019, Millar signed a long-term first-team contract with Liverpool and joined Scottish Premiership side Kilmarnock on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season. He made his debut on February 1 in a 2–1 loss to Heart of Midlothian. He scored his first goal on March 11 against St Mirren.
He returned on loan to Kilmarnock in August 2019. This loan period was cut short in January 2020 when he returned to his parent club.
Loan to Charlton Athletic.
On January 5, 2021, Millar completed his move to Charlton Athletic on loan until the end of the season. He scored his first goal for Charlton on January 26 in a 1–0 league win over MK Dons.
Basel.
On 8 July 2021, Millar joined Swiss Super League club Basel on a deal until 2025. The transfer fee was reported to be £1.300.000. He made his official debut for the club on July 25, entering as a substitute for Valentin Stocker in an eventual opening day 2-0 victory over Grasshoppers.
International career.
Youth.
Millar was first involved in the international set-up at the age of 14 in the squad for the Tournoi Montaigu. After being invited to an U20 camp in Costa Rica in 2016, he made his debut in the CONCACAF Under-20 Championship in February 2017. He made three appearances as Canada finished third in Group A and failed to progress to the classification stage. In May 2018, Millar was named to Canada's under-21 squad for the 2018 Toulon Tournament. Millar was named to the Canadian U-23 provisional roster for the 2020 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship on February 26, 2020.
Senior.
In March 2018, Millar was named in John Herdman's first squad as national team manager. In that same camp, Millar made his senior debut and first start for Canada during a 1–0 win over New Zealand, impressing while doing so. In May 2019, Millar was named to the 23-man squad for the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Playing style.
Millar's preferred position is as a number nine, but he has been utilised in various roles with Liverpool due to his flexibility. He has been noted for his ability on the left flank. In August 2016, manager Neil Critchley said: "He's a goalscorer. He can run down the side of defenders, he runs in behind, he gives them real problems with his movement and he's a good finisher off both feet. He's got a good brain, good awareness, very calm and can finish. He's a good player, a good all-round player."
Personal life.
Millar is engaged to hockey goalie Daniela Paniccia, who played for Penn State Nittany Lions and Oakville Hornets in the Provincial Women's Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="56823408" url="?curid=56823408" title="Graham Renshaw">
Graham Renshaw

Dr Graham Renshaw FRSE FZS LRCP (1872–1952) was a 20th-century British physician and noted biologist. He was founder and editor of the "Avicultural Magazine" and editor of "Natureland".
Life.
Renshaw studied Medicine at the University of Manchester graduating MB.
In 1914 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Herbert Bolton, William Evans Hoyle, Robert Kidston and James Hartley Ashworth. He practiced medicine in Manchester and taught Zoology as an extramural subject at the University of Manchester.
He was Vice President of the Manchester Medical Society.
Renshaw published several books and many articles, for instance in "The Zoologist".
He died on 13 January 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="56823415" url="?curid=56823415" title="Mike Baird (real estate, entrepreneur)">
Mike Baird (real estate, entrepreneur)


</doc>
<doc id="56823427" url="?curid=56823427" title="Caroline Noel">
Caroline Noel


</doc>
<doc id="56823439" url="?curid=56823439" title="Blue Line (Calgary)">
Blue Line (Calgary)

The Blue Line, also known as Route 202, is a light rail transit (LRT) line in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Partnered with the Red Line, and future Green Line it makes up Calgary's CTrain network. Following its initial approval in 1976, the Red Line opened in 1981, with the first trains running on what is now the Blue Line in 1985.
History.
Origin.
The concept of a light rail transit system (LRT) was approved in 1976 by the City of Calgary, with the first section running from Anderson Road in the southwest, northbound, and into downtown, opening in 1981. Originally planned for 40,000 passengers per day, this initial section quickly achieved its designed ridership and is now part of the Red Line. Based on the success of the Anderson-downtown section, the city approved a second route which would head northwest towards the University of Calgary and the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology. Opposition to the routing through the neighborhood of Sunnyside resulted in a switch of priority to the northeast, in what would become the Blue Line. The median of some main roads had already been allocated to serve as the right of way for what would become the CTrain's Blue Line, and the first section opened in 1985, before the originally proposed northwestern expansion. Both lines share a right-of-way through the downtown core. 
Northeast expansion.
The Blue Line's first expansion was to McKnight–Westwinds station in 2007. with Martindale station and Saddletowne (the current terminus) opening in 2012.
Western expansion.
In February 2008 the Western expansion of the CTrain began, extending the line from downtown towards 69 Street SW, and adding an additional six stations. The Western expansion opened at the end of 2012, ahead of the planned 2013 opening.
Capacity upgrade.
Up until the completion of the Red Line's Fish Creek–Lacombe station, all platforms for the CTrain were originally designed to service three-car trains, although there had been enough space allotted to allow four-car trains. Beginning in 2007 construction on station platforms began to expand the entire network to allow four-car trains, with the project being completed in 2017 for CA$300 million. In 2017, Calgary Transit began running four-car trains on the Blue Line. The increase from three-car trains realized an additional capacity of 200 passengers per trip.
Stations and route.
Starting at 69 Street station, the Blue line runs along 17 Avenue SW, crossing Sarcee Trail, passes briefly underground towards Westbrook Mall, and then follows along Bow Trail. The line then continues to Downtown Calgary where it shares a right of way with the Red Line along 7 Avenue S. The two lines diverge after City Hall station, where it turns north to cross the Bow River, and runs along the median of Memorial Drive, crossing Deerfoot Trail (Highway 2), to 36 Street NE, where it turns northbound, continuing within the median of 36 Street NE, crossing 16 Avenue NE (Highway 1 / Trans-Canada Highway), and McKnight Boulevard. After McKnight Boulevard, 36 Street NE turns to Métis Trail, and the Blue Line passes under a bridge in the northbound lane running parallel to the road until Martindale station, at which point it turns northeast to its terminus at Saddletowne station.
Future expansion.
Northeast leg.
The city of Calgary published a study in 2012 describing a extension for the northeast leg of the Blue Line beyond the existing terminus at Saddletowne station, to run north along the west side of 60 Street NE, continuing west along the north side of 128 Avenue NE, then running north along the west side of 32 Street NE. One at-grade crossing would be created at 60 St and 88 Ave; the route would be grade-separated at the crossings of Airport Trail (above grade), Country Hills Blvd (below grade), 128 Ave (below), and Metis Trail (above). The study included four stations:
The four stations were studied with side-loading platforms, but the proposed terminal station at Stoney Trail would have sufficient space for a centre-loading platform. of tail tracks for LRV storage would be built north of the Stoney Trail station. By 2017, the proposed northeast leg extension had been truncated to three stations (ending at 128 Ave) and . However, the project is not included in the City's mobility plan and has yet to be funded.
The same 2012 study included concepts to provide transit connections from Calgary International Airport to either Saddletowne or the proposed 88 Ave station using light rail, tram, or bus services. The potential airport connector rail line along Airport Trail could be extended further west to connect with the proposed Green Line north-central leg, specifically at the future 96th Ave N station. 
West leg.
An extension west from the current terminus at 69 Street to a future station at Aspen Woods has been planned but not funded. The Aspen Woods station would be at approximately the intersection of 17 Avenue and 85 Street SW.

</doc>
<doc id="56823441" url="?curid=56823441" title="Red Line (Calgary)">
Red Line (Calgary)

The Red Line, also known as Route 201, is a light rail transit (LRT) line in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Partnered with the Blue Line, and future Green Line it makes up Calgary's CTrain network. Following its initial approval in 1976, the Red Line opened in 1981, running from Anderson station in the southeast into downtown. The Red Line has gone through a series of expansions, which bring it to its current design. The Red Line services the northwest quadrant and south end of the city beginning at Tuscany station, runs through the downtown core on 7th Avenue, then proceeds southbound where it terminates at Somerset–Bridlewood station. The section of track running along 7th Avenue is shared with the Blue Line. Future expansion of the Red Line includes rerouting the downtown section below 8th Avenue, which would allow the operation of five-car trains, further increasing capacity.
History.
Origin.
The concept of a light rail transit system (LRT) was approved in 1976 by the City of Calgary, with the first section running from Anderson Road in the southwest, northbound, and into downtown, opening in 1981. Originally planned for 40,000 passengers per day, this initial section quickly achieved its designed ridership and is now part of the Red Line. Based on the success of the Anderson-downtown section, the city approved a second route which would head northwest towards the University of Calgary and the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology. Opposition to the routing through the neighborhood of Sunnyside resulted in a switch of priority to the northeast, in what would become the Blue Line. The first section of the Blue Line opened in 1985. Both lines share a right-of-way through the downtown core. The decision to proceed with the original CTrain expansion northwest (in what would be part of the current Red Line) overcame opposition following Calgary being awarded the 1988 Winter Olympics. The city wanted the CTrain to access McMahon Stadium at the University of Calgary, which served as a venue for the games.
Northwest expansion.
In 1987 the third expansion of the CTrain opened adding an additional of line into service towards the northwest, and in 1990 a second northwest expansion of to the Brentwood station. In 2000 a reallocation of 5¢ per-litre collected through the provincial gasoline tax helped fund the northwest expansion of the Red Line to Dalhousie station in 2003. This was followed by another extension to Crowfoot station in 2008, and finally to Tuscany station in 2014.
Southern expansion.
The fuel tax reallocation allowed the Red Line to expand to the south to the Fish Creek–Lacombe station in 2001, with a further southern expansion to Somerset–Bridlewood station 2004.
Capacity upgrade.
Up until the completion of the Fish Creek-Lacombe station, all platforms for the CTrain were originally designed to service three-car trains, although there had been enough space allotted to allow four car trains. Beginning in 2007 construction on station platforms began to expand the entire network to allow four-car trains, with the project being completed in 2017 for CA$300 million. In 2015 Calgary Tranist began running four-car trains on the Red Line. The increase from three-car trains realized an additional capacity of 200 passengers per trip.
Stations and route.
The Red Line begins in the northwest at Tuscany station, running southeast towards Downtown Calgary in the median of Crowchild Trail serving residential neighborhoods. The last station along Crowchild is University station, which serves the University of Calgary. The Red Line then travels underground below 24th Avenue Northwest, and returns above ground where it stops at Banff Trail station, which serves McMahon Stadium. The line continues southeast until it returns underground briefly to pass underneath 16th Avenue North/Trans-Canada Highway, returning to surface at Lions Park station. It then continues eastbound, servicing Southern Alberta Institute of Technology, Alberta College of Art and Design, and the Jubilee Auditorium at SAIT/AUArts/Jubilee station. Continuing southbound the Red Line serves the neighbourhood of Sunnyside before crossing the Bow River into Downtown Calgary. The downtown section of the Red Line is shared with the Blue Line, beginning at 8 Street Southwest station, across 7th Avenue, and diverging after City Hall station, where the Red Line continues south.
After leaving downtown the Red Line returns underground through the neighborhood of Victoria Park, returning to run parallel to Macleod Trail at grade level. Victoria Park/Stampede station serves the Scotiabank Saddledome and the northern grounds of the Calgary Stampede, while Erlton/Stampede station serves the southern grounds. After Erlton the train returns underground to navigate Macleod Trail, a cemetery, and residential neighborhood, returning to reach the 39 Avenue station. It passes briefly underground below 42nd Avenue Southeast, and continues at grade level, crossing streets either via bridge or through controlled crossings, until it reaches its terminus at Somerset–Bridlewood station.
Future expansion.
Expansion of the Red Line is expected to include a rerouting of the downtown 7th Avenue section which is currently shared with the Blue Line to run underground below 8th Avenue. These stations would be built longer than the existing four-car platforms, and would be able to accommodate five-car trains. Extensions of the existing four-car platforms outside of the downtown core would be required, however there is enough land available at existing stations. There is not enough space at the downtown 7th Avenue stations to accommodate five-car trains. 
It has also been proposed to add new stations on the existing line. Stations would be added between and stations at Northland Drive, between and stations, and between Chinook and stations.
Calgary Transit have planned an extension of the southern leg of the Red Line through two new stations at Silverado and 210 Avenue S. , no funding or schedules have been advanced for the proposed southern extension.

</doc>
<doc id="56823444" url="?curid=56823444" title="Magenta–Crocco elevator">
Magenta–Crocco elevator

The Magenta–Crocco elevator is a public elevator in the Castelletto quarter of Genoa, in Northwestern Italy. It constitutes the continuation of the Sant'Anna funicular, linking Corso Magenta with via Antonio Crocco.
The elevator can be reached from Corso Magenta through a pedestrian tunnel, from which it also possible to reach a small private elevator connecting the tunnel to the Old Pharmacy of the Sant'Anna Convent. The elevator can also be reached from a second entrance located in via Acquarone.
It entered service in 1933. In 1966, it came under the responsibility of AMT Genova. In 2007, it underwent a complete maintenance review and the substitution of the old cars with modern ones.
History.
The construction of the elevator started in 1929 and was conducted by Istituto Edile Immobiliare Genovese, the land developer which had undertaken the urbanization of via Antonio Crocco and salita Santa Maria della Sanità. The building company, however, did not want to take accountability for the operation of the elevator and sold it to the Municipality in 1933. In 1947, the Municipality contracted the operation of the elevator to a private operator, the Società Anonima Funicolare Genovese, which also run the nearby Sant'Anna funicular. In 1956 the Municipality took control again of the operation. In 1966 the accountability passed to the Municipal transport company AMT Genova, which renovated the elevator in 1982, 1989 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="56823446" url="?curid=56823446" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 5000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 5000 metres

The men's 5000 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 2 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56823454" url="?curid=56823454" title="Adrian Șut">
Adrian Șut

Adrian Gheorghe Șut (born 30 April 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga I club FCSB.
Club career.
Born in Cociuba Mare, Bihor County Șut started his career at the local side Izvorul. He then moved to Liberty Salonta, until 2013, when the academy was dissolved and he was forced to move again, this time to Târgu Mureș. At senior level Șut played for Târgu Mureș in the Liga I, for Pandurii Târgu Jiu in the Liga II and for Unirea Jucu in the Liga III.
International career.
Șut was called for the Romanian under-21 youth team on 19 November 2019 against Northern Ireland.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 25 September 2021."

</doc>
<doc id="56823468" url="?curid=56823468" title="Bigelow-Sanford">
Bigelow-Sanford


</doc>
<doc id="56823475" url="?curid=56823475" title="Switzerland women's national beach soccer team">
Switzerland women's national beach soccer team

Switzerland women's national beach soccer team represents Switzerland in international women's beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Swiss Football Association, the governing body of football in Switzerland. The team was created in 2008.
The Swiss team are currently the most active national women's side, having competed internationally every year since their first match in 2009 and having played over 20 matches during that time. Having only previously competed in friendlies and exhibition events, Switzerland Women subsequently debuted competitively in the first official women's event organised by Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW) in 2016, the Women's Euro Beach Soccer Cup. In both editions to date, the Swiss have finished runners-up.
The squad mostly comprises players who play in the Suzuki Swiss Beach Soccer Women-League.
Current squad.
"As of July 2017" 
Coach: Franziska Steinemann
Competitive record.
"As of March 2018"
Head-to-head records.
Includes competitive "and" friendly matches. 

</doc>
<doc id="56823482" url="?curid=56823482" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 3000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Women's 3000 metres

The women's 3000 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 2 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56823485" url="?curid=56823485" title="Bigelow and Sanford">
Bigelow and Sanford


</doc>
<doc id="56823491" url="?curid=56823491" title="Vauxhall motor cars">
Vauxhall motor cars


</doc>
<doc id="56823492" url="?curid=56823492" title="Huang Shun-hsing">
Huang Shun-hsing

Huang Shun-hsing (; 12 March 1923 – 5 March 2002) was a Taiwan-born politician. When he was born, Taiwan was ruled by Japan. Huang held political office in the Republic of China on Taiwan, and later in the People's Republic of China.
Huang was raised in present-day Changhua County. He attended an agricultural school in Japan, then worked in Shanghai for two years before returning to Taiwan, settling in Taitung. Huang served on the Taitung County Council for three terms, and as Taitung County Magistrate for one term prior to contesting his first legislative election in 1972. Huang was reelected to the Legislative Yuan in 1975. He was active in the tangwai movement, and contributed to "Formosa Magazine". Huang favored unification with China. After he lost the Changhua County magistracy to George Huang in 1981, Huang Shun-hsing was imprisoned for a time because his daughter had left for China. Huang himself moved to Beijing in 1985. He was elected to the 7th National People's Congress in 1988, as an independent. Huang became known for voting against the confirmation of Zhou Gucheng, who won reelection as chair of the Education, Science, Culture and Public Health Committee. This was the first act of opposition at a meeting of the NPC since the body first met in 1954. Huang resigned from the NPC in 1992, over a disagreement regarding the Three Gorges Dam project, and died in 2002 of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="56823494" url="?curid=56823494" title="Brandon Pickersgill">
Brandon Pickersgill

Brandon Pickersgill (born 29 March 1997) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or for the Bradford Bulls in Betfred Championship.
Background.
Pickersgill was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. He attended Bradford Academy in East Bowling.
He is a product of the Bradford Bulls Academy system.
Bradford Bulls.
2017 - 2017 Season
Pickersgill featured in the pre-season friendlies against Huddersfield Giants and Keighley Cougars.
Brandon featured in Round 12 (Toulouse Olympique) and then in Round 17 (Featherstone Rovers). He also played in Round 23 (Swinton Lions). Pickersgill also featured in the Championship Shield Game 4 (Batley Bulldogs).
At the end of the season Brandon signed a 3 Year contract extension with the Bulls.
2018 - 2018 Season
Pickersgill featured in the pre-season friendlies against Halifax R.L.F.C., Sheffield Eagles, Dewsbury Rams, Toronto Wolfpack and Keighley Cougars. He scored against Keighley Cougars (1 try).
Brandon featured in Round 1 (York City Knights) to Round 3 (Keighley Cougars) then in Round 6 (Workington Town) to Round 15 (Coventry Bears). He also featured in Round 19 (London Skolars) to Round 23 (Keighley Cougars) then in Round 25 (Oldham R.L.F.C.) to Round 26 (Hemel Stags). Pickersgill also played in the 2018 Challenge Cup in Round 3 (West Wales Raiders) to Round 5 (Warrington Wolves). He scored against West Wales Raiders (2 tries), London Skolars (2 tries), Hemel Stags (2 tries), North Wales Crusaders (1 try), Doncaster R.L.F.C. (2 tries), Newcastle Thunder (1 try) and Whitehaven R.L.F.C. (1 try).
At the end of the season Brandon signed a 2 Year extension.
2019 - 2019 Season
Brandon featured in the pre-season friendly against York City Knights.
Pickersgill played in Round 1 (Featherstone Rovers) to Round 7 (Widnes Vikings) then in Round 11 (Barrow Raiders). Brandon also played in Round 13 (Toronto Wolfpack) then in Round 15 (Featherstone Rovers). Pickersgill featured in Round 18 (Halifax R.L.F.C.) to Round 21 (Swinton Lions) then in Round 23 (Toronto Wolfpack) to Round 27 (Rochdale Hornets). He also featured in the 2019 Challenge Cup in Round 4 (Keighley Cougars). Brandon played in the 2019 RFL 1985 Cup in Round 2 (Barrow Raiders). He scored against York City Knights (1 try), Barrow Raiders (2 tries), Widnes Vikings (1 try), Toulouse Olympique (1 try), Swinton Lions (1 try), Dewsbury Rams (1 try), Sheffield Eagles (1 try) and Rochdale Hornets (1 try).
2020 - 2020 Season
Brandon featured in the pre-season friendlies against Castleford Tigers, Leeds Rhinos and York City Knights.
Pickersgill played in Round 1 (London Broncos) to Round 5 (Sheffield Eagles). Brandon also featured in the 2020 Challenge Cup in Round 4 (Underbank Rangers) to Round 5 (Wakefield Trinity). He scored against Featherstone Rovers (1 try), Oldham R.L.F.C. (1 try) and Sheffield Eagles (1 try).
He signed a one year extension to stay at the Bulls for the 2021 season.
2021 - 2021 Season
Brandon featured in the pre-season friendly against Swinton Lions. He scored against Swinton Lions (1 try).
Brandon played in Round 1 (Sheffield Eagles) to Round 9 (Featherstone Rovers) then in Round 11 (Widnes Vikings) to Round 19 (York City Knights). Pickersgill also featured in the 2021 Challenge Cup in Round 1 (Featherstone Rovers). He scored against Halifax Panthers (2 tries), Whitehaven R.L.F.C. (1 try), Swinton Lions (2 tries), London Broncos (1 try), Oldham R.L.F.C. (2 tries) and Featherstone Rovers (1 try).
Statistics.
Statistics do not include pre-season friendlies.

</doc>
<doc id="56823504" url="?curid=56823504" title="Louise Gittens">
Louise Gittens


</doc>
<doc id="56823511" url="?curid=56823511" title="List of teams and cyclists in the 1993 Giro d'Italia">
List of teams and cyclists in the 1993 Giro d'Italia

The 1993 Giro d'Italia was the 76th edition of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The field consisted of 180 riders, and 132 riders finished the race.

</doc>
<doc id="56823515" url="?curid=56823515" title="Arts Council UK">
Arts Council UK


</doc>
<doc id="56823518" url="?curid=56823518" title="Emil Lerp">
Emil Lerp

Emil Lerp (1 January 1886 – 1 January 1966) was a German businessman and inventor of the first mass produced transportable gasoline chainsaw.
Career.
Lerp was born in Goldbach, Saxe-Coburg and Gotha in 1886. In 1927, he invented the transportable gasoline chainsaw. Lerp tested his invention on a hill called Dolmar, and named his company after the testing site. On 15 June 1928, Lerp received a patent in Germany for his invention. His former business partner Andreas Stihl founded the German company Stihl which also makes chainsaws.

</doc>
<doc id="56823520" url="?curid=56823520" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres

The men's 10000 metres at the 1999 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 1999 in Chuncheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56823525" url="?curid=56823525" title="Time and Life Building">
Time and Life Building


</doc>
<doc id="56823530" url="?curid=56823530" title="Alexandru Barna">
Alexandru Barna

Alexandru Vasile Barna (born 6 July 1993) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț. Barna grew up at Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț for which he made his Liga I debut and played 21 matches in the second league. In 2016 Barna moved to UTA Arad, after Ceahlăul dissolution. In the autumn of 2017 Barna suffered a serious injury and his career was almost to end tragically, but in February 2018, after a detailed medical control, he was once again declared fit to play.

</doc>
<doc id="56823531" url="?curid=56823531" title="World's Fair, Brussels">
World's Fair, Brussels


</doc>
<doc id="56823534" url="?curid=56823534" title="World's Fair Brussels">
World's Fair Brussels


</doc>
<doc id="56823543" url="?curid=56823543" title="Zombie Auto 125">
Zombie Auto 125


</doc>
<doc id="56823546" url="?curid=56823546" title="Visit Hampton Virginia 150">
Visit Hampton Virginia 150


</doc>
<doc id="56823548" url="?curid=56823548" title="Back with the Ex">
Back with the Ex

Back with the Ex is an Australian reality television series which premiered on the Seven Network on 18 April 2018. The show features former couples who want to give their relationship a second chance.
The series is distributed on Netflix outside of Australia and released in January 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56823549" url="?curid=56823549" title="Aname aragog">
Aname aragog

Aname aragog is a species of trapdoor spider in the family Anamidae. It is found in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The specific epithet is in reference to the spider Aragog in J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" books.

</doc>
<doc id="56823552" url="?curid=56823552" title="Lisa York">
Lisa York

Lisa York may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56823555" url="?curid=56823555" title="WhosYourDriver.org T-100">
WhosYourDriver.org T-100


</doc>
<doc id="56823557" url="?curid=56823557" title="Maura Beliti">
Maura Beliti


</doc>
<doc id="56823560" url="?curid=56823560" title="Memphis 125">
Memphis 125


</doc>
<doc id="56823564" url="?curid=56823564" title="Busch North Throwback 100">
Busch North Throwback 100


</doc>
<doc id="56823575" url="?curid=56823575" title="Lakes Wine Country 100">
Lakes Wine Country 100


</doc>
<doc id="56823577" url="?curid=56823577" title="1990 UK Athletics Championships">
1990 UK Athletics Championships

The 1990 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for the United Kingdom held at Cardiff Athletics Stadium, Cardiff. It was the first time that the event was held in the Welsh capital. Strong winds affected several of the sprint races and jumps on the programme. A women's triple jump was contested for the first time.
It was the fourteenth edition of the competition limited to British athletes only, launched as an alternative to the AAA Championships, which was open to foreign competitors. However, due to the fact that the calibre of national competition remained greater at the AAA event, the UK Championships this year were not considered the principal national championship event by some statisticians, such as the National Union of Track Statisticians (NUTS). Many of the athletes below also competed at the 1990 AAA Championships.
Racewalker Ian McCombie and javelin thrower Steve Backley both won a third straight UK title at the event. Other men to defend titles that year were Colin Jackson (110 m hurdles), Paul Edwards (shot put) and Paul Head (hammer throw). Three women repeated their 1989 victories: Kay Morley (100 m hurdles), Jackie McKernan (discus) and Sharon Gibson (javelin).Myrtle Augee defeated Judy Oakes in the women's shot put to break her rival's winning streak dating back to 1984. No athletes won multiple titles in Cardiff, though champions Sallyanne Short, Phylis Smith, Alison Wyeth and Michelle Griffith all reached the podium in two events.
The main international track and field competition for the United Kingdom that year was the 1990 European Athletics Championships. Britain's men had a highly successful performance there, with Linford Christie, Roger Black, Colin Jackson, Kriss Akabusi, and Steve Backley all going from UK champion to European champion. The 800 m UK champion David Sharpe was also a silver medallist behind his teammate Tom McKean. The four countries of the United Kingdom competed separately at the Commonwealth Games that year as well. UK champions Christie, Akabusi, Backley, Diane Edwards and Myrtle Augee all won gold for England, while Jackson and Morley made it a men's and women's sprint hurdles double for Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="56823580" url="?curid=56823580" title="General theory of crime">
General theory of crime


</doc>
<doc id="56823583" url="?curid=56823583" title="Qingnian Bao">
Qingnian Bao


</doc>
<doc id="56823586" url="?curid=56823586" title="Ionuț Tănase">
Ionuț Tănase

Ionuț Georgian Tănase (born 9 January 1998) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC U Craiova. In his career Tănase also played for UTA Arad and Gloria Lunca-Teuz Cermei.
International career.
Tănase played for Romania U-17 in 4 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="56823589" url="?curid=56823589" title="The Royal Yacht Britannia">
The Royal Yacht Britannia


</doc>
<doc id="56823598" url="?curid=56823598" title="Triennale Milan">
Triennale Milan


</doc>
<doc id="56823600" url="?curid=56823600" title="Racial invariance">
Racial invariance

In criminology, racial invariance refers to a hypothesis that the effects of structural disadvantage on rates of violent crime are the same for all racial groups. This hypothesis is a major component of structural perspectives on the causes of crime, such as social disorganization theory and anomie. It can be traced back to William Julius Wilson's 1987 book "The Truly Disadvantaged", which argued that racial differences in crime rates are due to differences in the communities in which American whites and blacks live. Since then, it has become a major component of the general theory of crime.

</doc>
<doc id="56823622" url="?curid=56823622" title="George Flanagan">
George Flanagan

George Flanagan (born 8 October 1986) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Bradford Bulls in Betfred Championship.
Background.
Flanagan was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
Playing career.
Flanagan started his career coming through the ranks at the Bradford Bulls through their academy system.
Bradford Bulls.
In 2018 Flanagan signed a two-year deal to play for his hometown club leaving Hunslet R.L.F.C. one game into the 2018 League 1 season. He scored 14 tries for the Bradford Bulls in the 2019 season, helping them earn promotion through the play offs back to the Championship. He scored one of his famous 'show n go' tries in the play off final to further extend Bradford's lead in the 35th minute against former player Leon Pryce's Workington Town, who had previously done the double over Bradford in the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="56823625" url="?curid=56823625" title="Thomas Lynch (set designer)">
Thomas Lynch (set designer)

Thomas Lynch is a professor at the University of Washington School of Drama. He teaches graduate students exclusively in opera scenery design.
Education.
Lynch completed his MFA at Yale under the supervision of Chinese American theatrical set designer Ming Cho Lee.
Career.
Before joining the University of Washington, Lynch worked as a freelance set designer in New York City for about 30 years. He has produced over 250 designs in major American theaters. He was previously a lecturer at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="56823630" url="?curid=56823630" title="2018 USL">
2018 USL


</doc>
<doc id="56823646" url="?curid=56823646" title="Dalailama (genus)">
Dalailama (genus)


</doc>
<doc id="56823652" url="?curid=56823652" title="2018 MLS">
2018 MLS


</doc>
<doc id="56823653" url="?curid=56823653" title="List of number-one albums of 2018 (Mexico)">
List of number-one albums of 2018 (Mexico)

Top 100 Mexico is a record chart published weekly by AMPROFON (Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas), a non-profit organization composed by Mexican and multinational record companies. This association tracks record sales (physical and digital) in Mexico. Since May 2013, some positions of the chart are published in the official Twitter account of AMPROFON including the number one position.

</doc>
<doc id="56823673" url="?curid=56823673" title="Indocalamus tessellatus">
Indocalamus tessellatus

Indocalamus tessellatus, the large-leaved bamboo, is a species of flowering plant in the grass family Poaceae, native to China. A medium-sized, hardy evergreen bamboo growing to , it forms a clump of broad leaves long and up to wide – the broadest of any bamboo – which cause the slender cane to bend under their weight. Though hardy down to and able to survive conditions in most of the UK, it prefers a sheltered site in semi-shade with moist, rich soil. Given the best conditions possible, it will eventually form large thickets or groves, but can be kept in a large container. In cultivation in the UK it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="56823674" url="?curid=56823674" title="David Popa">
David Popa

David Popa (born 9 December 1997) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for AC Oulu in Finland. Born in Aiud, Alba County, Popa played at youth level for Metalul Aiud, Atletico Arad, UTA Arad, Birmingham City and Kettering Town.
International career.
Popa played in one match for Romania U-19.

</doc>
<doc id="56823689" url="?curid=56823689" title="⨁">
⨁


</doc>
<doc id="56823691" url="?curid=56823691" title="English Coast Path">
English Coast Path


</doc>
<doc id="56823696" url="?curid=56823696" title="Tootals">
Tootals


</doc>
<doc id="56823698" url="?curid=56823698" title="Flight 211">
Flight 211


</doc>
<doc id="56823699" url="?curid=56823699" title="Poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal">
Poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal

The poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal was the poisoning of Sergei Skripal, a former Russian military officer and double agent for the British intelligence agencies, and his daughter, Yulia Skripal, on 4 March 2018 in the city of Salisbury, England. According to UK sources and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), they were poisoned by means of a Novichok nerve agent. Both Sergei and Yulia Skripal spent several weeks in hospital in critical condition, before being discharged. A police officer, Nick Bailey, was also taken into intensive care after attending the incident, and was later discharged.
The British government accused Russia of attempted murder and announced a series of punitive measures against Russia, including the expulsion of diplomats. The UK's official assessment of the incident was supported by 28 other countries which responded similarly. Altogether, an unprecedented 153 Russian diplomats were expelled by the end of March 2018. Russia denied the accusations and responded similarly to the expulsions and "accused Britain of the poisoning."
On 30 June 2018, a similar poisoning of two British nationals in Amesbury, seven miles north of Salisbury, involved the same nerve agent. A man found a perfume bottle, later discovered to contain the agent, in a litter bin somewhere in Salisbury and gave it to a woman who sprayed it on her wrist. The woman, Dawn Sturgess, fell ill within 15 minutes and died on 8 July, but the man, Charlie Rowley, who also came into contact with the poison, survived. British police believe this incident was not a targeted attack, but a result of the way the nerve agent was disposed of after the poisoning in Salisbury. 
On 5 September 2018, British authorities identified two Russian nationals, using the names Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Boshirov, as suspected of the Skripals' poisoning, and alleged that they were active officers in Russian military intelligence. Later, investigative website Bellingcat stated that it had positively identified Ruslan Boshirov as being the highly decorated GRU Colonel Anatoliy Chepiga, that Alexander Petrov was Dr. Alexander Mishkin, also of the GRU, and that a third GRU officer present in the UK at the time was identified as Denis Vyacheslavovich Sergeev, believed to hold the rank of major general in the GRU. The pattern of his communications while in the UK indicates that he liaised with superior officers in Moscow. The attempted assassination was allegedly organized by a secret Unit 29155 of the Russian GRU under command of Maj. Gen. Andrei V. Averyanov. The unit is allegedly responsible for destabilizing European countries and organized the Montenegrin coup attempt. As of 2021, all three suspects has been charged.
On 27 November 2019, the OPCW global chemical weapons watchdog added Novichok, the Soviet-era nerve agent used in the attack, to its list of banned toxins.
Chronology of events.
At 09:03 the following morning, Salisbury NHS Foundation Trust declared a major incident in response to concerns raised by medical staff; shortly afterwards this became a multi-agency incident named Operation Fairline.
Health authorities checked 21 members of the emergency services and the public for possible symptoms; two police officers were treated for minor symptoms, said to be itchy eyes and wheezing, while one, Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey, who had been sent to Skripal's house, was in a serious condition. On 22 March, Bailey was discharged from the hospital. In a statement he said "normal life for me will probably never be the same" and thanked the hospital staff.
On 26 March, Skripal and his daughter were reported to still be critically ill. On 29 March it was announced that Yulia's condition was improving and she was no longer in a critical condition. After three weeks in a critical condition, Yulia regained consciousness and was able to speak. Sergei was also in a critical condition until he regained consciousness one month after the attack. On 5 April, doctors said that Sergei was no longer in critical condition and was responding well to treatment. On 9 April, Yulia was discharged from hospital and taken to a secure location. On 18 May, Sergei Skripal was discharged from the hospital too. On 23 May, a handwritten letter and a video statement by Yulia were released to the Reuters news agency for the first time after the poisoning. She stated that she was lucky to be alive after the poisoning and thanked the staff of the Salisbury hospital. She described her treatment as slow, heavy and extremely painful and mentioned a scar on her neck, apparently from a tracheotomy. She expressed hope that someday she would return to Russia. She thanked the Russian embassy for its offer of assistance but said she and her father were "not ready to take it".
On 5 April, British authorities said that inside Skripal's house, which had been sealed by the police, two guinea pigs were found dead by vets, when they were allowed in, along with a cat in a distressed state, which had to be put down.
On 22 November the first interview with DS Bailey was released, in which he reported that he had been poisoned, despite the fact that he inspected the Skripals' house wearing a forensic suit. In addition to the poisoning, Bailey and his family had lost their home and all their possessions, because of contamination. Investigators said that the perfume bottle containing Novichok nerve agent, which was later found in a bin, had contained enough of the nerve agent to potentially kill thousands of people.
In early 2019, building contractors built a scaffolding "sealed frame" over the house and the garage of Skripal's home. A military team then dismantled and removed the roofs on both buildings over the course of two weeks. Cleaning and decontamination was followed by rebuilding over a period of four months. On 22 February 2019, Government officials announced that the last of the 12 sites that had been undergoing an intense and hazardous clean-up – Skripal's house – had been judged safe.
In May 2019, Sergei Skripal made a phone call and left a voice message to his niece Viktoria living in Russia. This was the first time after the poisoning that his voice had been heard by the public.
In August 2019 it was confirmed that a second police officer had been poisoned while investigating, but only in trace amounts.
Investigation.
The first public response to the poisoning came on 6 March. It was agreed under the National Counter Terrorism Policing Network that the Counter Terrorism Command based within the Metropolitan Police would take over the investigation from Wiltshire Police. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, head of Counter Terrorism Policing, appealed for witnesses to the incident following a COBR meeting chaired by Home Secretary Amber Rudd.
Samples of the nerve agent used in the attack tested positive at the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory at Porton Down for a "very rare" nerve agent, according to the UK Home Secretary.
180 military experts in chemical warfare defence and decontamination, as well as 18 vehicles, were deployed on 9 March to assist the Metropolitan Police to remove vehicles and objects from the scene and look for any further traces of the nerve agent. The personnel were drawn mostly from the Army, including instructors from the Defence CBRN Centre and the 29 Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Search Group, as well as from the Royal Marines and Royal Air Force. The vehicles included TPz Fuchs operated by Falcon Squadron from the Royal Tank Regiment. On 11 March, the UK government advised those present at either The Mill pub or the Zizzi restaurant in Salisbury on 4 and 5 March to wash or wipe their possessions, emphasising that the risk to the general public was low.
Several days later, on 12 March, Prime Minister Theresa May said the agent had been identified as one of the Novichok family of agents, believed to have been developed in the 1980s by the Soviet Union. According to the Russian ambassador to the UK, Alexander Yakovenko, the British authorities identified the agent as A-234, derived from an earlier version known as A-232.
By 14 March, the investigation was focused on Skripal's home and car, a bench where the two fell unconscious, a restaurant in which they dined and a pub where they had drinks. A recovery vehicle was removed by the military from Gillingham in Dorset on 14 March, in connection with the poisoning.
Subsequently, there was speculation within the British media that the nerve agent had been planted in one of the personal items in Yulia Skripal's suitcase before she left Moscow for London, and in US media that it had been planted in their car.
Ahmet Üzümcü, Director-General of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), said on 20 March that it will take "another two to three weeks to finalise the analysis" of samples taken from the poisoning of Skripal. On 22 March, the Court of Protection gave permission for new blood samples to be obtained from Yulia and Sergei Skripal for use by the OPCW. By 28 March, the police investigation concluded that the Skripals were poisoned at Sergei's home, with the highest concentration being found on the handle of his front door. On 12 April the OPCW confirmed the UK's analysis of the type of nerve agent and reported it was of a "high purity", stating that the "name and structure of the identified toxic chemical are contained in the full classified report of the Secretariat, available to States Parties."
A declassified letter from the UK's national security adviser, Sir Mark Sedwill, to NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, stated Russian military intelligence hacked Yulia Skripal's email account since at least 2013 and tested methods for delivering nerve agents including on door handles.
The Department for Environment confirmed the nerve agent was delivered "in a liquid form". They said eight sites require decontamination, which will take several months to complete and cost millions of pounds. The BBC reported experts said the nerve agent does not evaporate or disappear over time. Intense cleaning with caustic chemicals is required to get rid of it. The Skripals' survival was possibly due to the weather – there had been heavy fog and high humidity, and according to its inventor and other scientists, moisture weakens the potency of this type of toxin.
On 22 April 2018, it was reported that British counter-terror police had identified a suspect in the poisoning: a former FSB officer (reportedly a 54-year-old former FSB captain) who acted under several code names including "Gordon" and "Mihails Savickis". According to detectives, he led a team of six Russian assassins who organized the chemical weapons attack. Sedwill reported on 1 May 2018 however that UK intelligence and police agencies had failed to identify the individual or individuals who carried out the attack.
On 3 May 2018, the head of the OPCW, Ahmet Üzümcü, informed the "New York Times" that he had been told that about 50–100 grams of the nerve agent was thought to have been used in the attack, which indicated it was likely created for use as a weapon and was enough to kill a large number of people. The next day however the OPCW made a correcting statement that the "quantity should probably be characterised in milligrams", though "the OPCW would not be able to estimate or determine the amount of the nerve agent that was used".
On 19 July the Press Association reported that police believed they had identified "several Russians" as the suspected perpetrators of the attack. They had been identified through CCTV, cross-checked with border entry data.
On 6 August 2018, it was reported that the British government was "poised to submit an extradition request to Moscow for two Russians suspected of carrying out the Salisbury nerve agent attack". The Metropolitan Police used two super recognisers to identify the suspects after trawling through up to 5,000 hours of CCTV footage from Salisbury and numerous airports across the country.
British Prime Minister Theresa May announced in the Commons the same day that British intelligence services had identified the two suspects as officers in the G. U. Intelligence Service (formerly known as GRU) and the assassination attempt was not a rogue operation and was "almost certainly" approved at a senior level of the Russian government. May also said Britain would push for the EU to agree new sanctions against Russia.
On 5 September 2018, the Russian news site Fontanka reported that the numbers on leaked passport files for Petrov and Boshirov are only three digits apart, and fall in a range that includes the passport files for a Russian military official expelled from Poland for spying. It is not known how the passport files were obtained, but Andrew Roth, the Moscow correspondent for "The Guardian", commented that "If the reporting is confirmed, it would be a major blunder by the intelligence agency, allowing any country to check passport data for Russians requesting visas or entering the country against a list of nearly 40 passport files of suspected GRU officers." On 14 September 2018, the online platforms Bellingcat and the Russian publication Russia Insider noted that in Petrov's leaked passport files, there is no record of a residential address or any identification papers prior to 2009, suggesting that the name is an alias created that year; the analysis also noted that Petrov's dossier is stamped "Do not provide any information" and has the handwritten annotation "S.S.," a common abbreviation in Russian for "top secret." On 15 September 2018, the Russian opposition newspaper "Novaya Gazeta" reported finding in Petrov's passport files a cryptic number that seems to be a telephone number associated with the Russian Defence Ministry, most likely the Military Intelligence Directorate.
As part of the announcement Scotland Yard and the Counter Terrorism Command released a detailed track of the individuals' 48 hours in the UK. This covered their arrival from Moscow at Gatwick Airport, a trip to Salisbury by train the day before the attack, stated by police to be for reconnaissance, a trip to Salisbury by train on the day of the attack, and return to Moscow via Heathrow Airport. The two spent both nights at the City Stay Hotel, next to Bow Church DLR station in Bow, East London. Novichok was found in their hotel room after police sealed it off on 4 May 2018. Neil Basu, National Lead for Counter Terrorism Policing said that tests were carried out on their hotel room and it was "deemed safe".
On 26 September 2018, the real identity of the suspect named by police as Ruslan Boshirov was revealed as Colonel Anatoliy Vladimirovich Chepiga by "The Daily Telegraph", citing reporting by itself and Bellingcat, with Petrov having a more junior rank in the GRU. The 39-year-old was made a Hero of the Russian Federation by decree of the President in 2014. Two European security sources confirmed that the details were accurate. The BBC commented: "The BBC understands there is no dispute over the identification." The British defence minister Gavin Williamson wrote: "The true identity of one of the Salisbury suspects has been revealed to be a Russian Colonel. I want to thank all the people who are working so tirelessly on this case." However, that statement was subsequently deleted from Twitter.
On 8 October 2018, the real identity of the suspect named by police as Alexander Petrov was revealed as Alexander Mishkin.
On 22 November 2018, more CCTV footage, with the two suspects walking in Salisbury, was published by the police.
On 19 December 2018, Mishkin (a.k.a. Petrov) and Chepiga (a.k.a. Boshirov) were added to the sanctions list of the United States Treasury Department, along with other 13 members of the GRU agency.
On 6 January 2019, the "Telegraph" reported that the British authorities had established all the essential details of the assassination attempt, including the chain of command that leads up to Vladimir Putin. In February, a third GRU officer present in the UK at the time Denis Sergeev was identified and in September 2021 the Crown Prosecution Service has authorised to charge him as well. The charges authorised against the three men are conspiracy to murder, attempted murder, causing grievous bodily harm and use and possession of a chemical weapon.
Response of the United Kingdom.
Within days of the attack, political pressure began to mount on Theresa May's government to take action against the perpetrators, and most senior politicians appeared to believe that the Russian government was behind the attack. The situation was additionally sensitive for Russia as Russian president Vladimir Putin was facing his fourth presidential election in mid-March, and Russia was to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup football competition in June. When giving a response to an urgent question from Tom Tugendhat, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee of the House of Commons, who suggested that Moscow was conducting "a form of soft war against the West", Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on 6 March said the government would "respond appropriately and robustly" if the Russian state was found to have been involved in the poisoning. UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd said on 8 March 2018 that the use of a nerve agent on UK soil was a "brazen and reckless act" of attempted murder "in the most cruel and public way".
Prime Minister Theresa May said in the House of Commons on 12 March:
May also said that the UK government requested that Russia explain which of these two possibilities it was by the end of 13 March 2018. She also said: "[T]he extra-judicial killing of terrorists and dissidents outside Russia were given legal sanction by the Russian Parliament in 2006. And of course Russia used radiological substances in its barbaric assault on Mr Litvinenko."  She said that the UK government would "consider in detail the response from the Russian State" and in the event that there was no credible response, the government would "conclude that this action amounts to an unlawful use of force by the Russian State against the United Kingdom" and measures would follow. British media billed the statement as "Theresa May's ultimatum to Putin."
On 13 March 2018, UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd ordered an inquiry by the police and security services into alleged Russian state involvement in 14 previous suspicious deaths of Russian exiles and businessmen in the UK.
May unveiled a series of measures on 14 March 2018 in retaliation for the poisoning attack, after the Russian government refused to meet the UK's request for an account of the incident. One of the chief measures was the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats which she presented as "actions to dismantle the Russian espionage network in the UK", as these diplomats had been identified by the UK as "undeclared intelligence agents". The BBC reported other responses, including:
May said that some measures which the government planned could "not be shared publicly for reasons of national security". Jeremy Corbyn cast doubt in his parliamentary response to May's statement concerning blaming the attack on Russia prior to the results of an independent investigation, which provoked criticism from some MPs, including members of his own party. A few days later, Corbyn was satisfied that the evidence pointed to Russia. He supported the expulsion but argued that a crackdown on money laundering by UK financial firms on behalf of Russian oligarchs would be a more effective measure against "the Putin regime" than the Tory government's plans. Corbyn pointed to the pre-Iraq War judgements about Iraq and weapons of mass destruction as reason to be suspicious.
The United Nations Security Council called an urgent meeting on 14 March 2018 on the initiative of the UK to discuss the Salisbury incident. According to the Russian mission's press secretary, the draft press statement introduced by Russia at the United Nations Security Council meeting was blocked by the UK. The UK and the US blamed Russia for the incident during the meeting, with the UK accusing Russia of breaking its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention. Separately, the White House fully supported the UK in attributing the attack to Russia, as well as the punitive measures taken against Russia. The White House also accused Russia of undermining the security of countries worldwide.
The UK, and subsequently NATO, requested Russia provide "full and complete disclosure" of the Novichok programme to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. On 14 March 2018, the government stated it would supply a sample of the substance used to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons once UK legal obligations from the criminal investigation permitted.
Boris Johnson said on 16 March that it was "overwhelmingly likely" that the poisoning had been ordered directly by Russian president Vladimir Putin, which marked the first time the British government accused Putin of personally ordering the poisoning. According to the UK Foreign Office, the UK attributed the attack to Russia based on Porton Down's determination that the chemical was Novichok, additional intelligence, and a lack of alternative explanations from Russia. The Defence Science and Technology Laboratory announced that it was "completely confident" that the agent used was Novichok, but they still did not know the "precise source" of the agent.
The UK had held an intelligence briefing with its allies in which it stated that the Novichok chemical used in the Salisbury poisoning was produced at a chemical facility in the town of Shikhany, Saratov Oblast, Russia.
Response of Russia.
Russian government.
On 6 March 2018 Andrey Lugovoy, deputy of Russia's State Duma and alleged killer of Alexander Litvinenko, in his interview with the Echo of Moscow said: "Something constantly happens to Russian citizens who either run away from Russian justice, or for some reason choose for themselves a way of life they call a change of their Motherland. So the more Britain accepts on its territory every good-for-nothing, every scum from all over the world, the more problems they will have."
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on 9 March rejected Britain's claim of Russia's involvement in Skripal's poisoning and accused the United Kingdom of spreading "propaganda". Lavrov said that Russia was "ready to cooperate" and demanded access to the samples of the nerve-agent which was used to poison Skripal. The request was rejected by the British government.
Following Theresa May's 12 March statement in Parliament – in which she gave President Putin's administration until midnight of the following day to explain how a former spy was poisoned in Salisbury, otherwise she would conclude it was an "unlawful use of force" by the Russian state against the UK, Lavrov, talking to the Russian press on 13 March, said that the procedure stipulated by the Chemical Weapons Convention should be followed whereunder Russia was entitled to have access to the substance in question and 10 days to respond.
On 17 March, Russia announced that it was expelling 23 British diplomats and ordered the closure of the UK's consulate in St Petersburg and the British Council office in Moscow, stopping all British Council activities in Russia.
The poisoning has been officially declared to be a fabrication and a "grotesque provocation rudely staged by the British and U.S. intelligence agencies" to undermine Russia.
The Russian government and embassy of Russia in the United Kingdom repeatedly requested access to the Skripals, and sought to offer consular assistance. These requests and offers were denied or declined.
On 5 September 2018 Putin's Press Secretary, Dmitry Peskov, stated that Russia had not received any official request from Britain for assistance in identifying the two suspected Russian GRU military intelligence officers that Scotland Yard believes carried out the Skripal attack. The same day, the Foreign Ministry of Russia asserted that UK ambassador in Moscow, Laurie Bristow, had said that London would not provide Russia with the suspects' fingerprints, passport numbers, visa numbers, or any extra data.
On 12 September 2018, Putin, while answering questions at the plenary meeting of the 4th Eastern Economic Forum in Russia's Far Eastern port city of Vladivostok said that the identities of both men London suspected of involvement in the Skripal case were known to the Russian authorities and that both were civilians, who had done nothing criminal. He also said he would like the men to come forward to tell their story. In a 13 September 2018 interview on the state-funded television channel RT, the accused claimed to be sports nutritionists who had gone to Salisbury merely to see the sights and look for nutrition products, saying that they took a second day-trip to Salisbury because slush had dampened their first one.
On 26 September, the same day one of the suspects was identified as the Colonel of GRU, Lavrov urged the British authorities to cooperate in the investigation of the case, said Britain had given no proof of Russia's guilt and suggested that Britain had something to hide.
On 25 September, the Russian FSB began searching for Ministry of Internal Affairs (MVD) officers who had provided journalists with foreign passport and flight information about the suspects.
Russian state media.
For a few days following the poisoning, the story was discussed by web sites, radio stations and newspapers, but Russian state-run main national TV channels largely ignored the incident.
Eventually, on 7 March, anchor Kirill Kleimyonov of the state television station Channel One Russia's current affairs programme "Vremya" mentioned the incident by attributing the allegation to foreign secretary Boris Johnson. After speaking of Johnson disparagingly, Kleimyonov said that being "a traitor to the motherland" was one of the most hazardous professions and warned: "Don't choose England as a next country to live in. Whatever the reasons, whether you're a professional traitor to the motherland or you just hate your country in your spare time, I repeat, no matter, don't move to England. Something is not right there. Maybe it's the climate, but in recent years there have been too many strange incidents with a grave outcome. People get hanged, poisoned, they die in helicopter crashes and fall out of windows in industrial quantities." Kleimyonov's commentary was accompanied by a report highlighting previous suspicious Russia-related deaths in the UK, namely those of financier Alexander Perepilichny, businessman Boris Berezovsky, ex-FSB officer Alexander Litvinenko and radiation expert Matthew Puncher. Puncher discovered that Litvinenko was poisoned by polonium; he died in 2006, five months after a trip to Russia.
Dmitry Kiselyov, pro-Kremlin TV presenter, said on 11 March that the poisoning of Sergei Skripal, who was "completely wrung out and of little interest" as a source, was only advantageous to the British to "nourish their Russophobia" and organise the boycott of the FIFA World Cup scheduled for June 2018. Kiselyov referred to London as a "pernicious place for Russian exiles".
The prominent Russian television hosts' warnings to Russians living in the UK were echoed by a similar direct warning from a senior member of the Russian Federation Council, , who said: "It's going to be very unsafe for you."
Claims made by Russian media were fact-checked by UK media organisations.
An interview with two men claiming to be the suspects named by the UK was aired on RT on 13 September 2018 with RT editor Margarita Simonyan. They said they were ordinary tourists who had wished to see Stonehenge, Old Sarum, and the "famous ... 123-metre spire" of Salisbury Cathedral. They also said that they "maybe approached Skripal's house, but we didn't know where it was located," and denied using Novichok, which they had allegedly transported in a fake perfume bottle, saying, "Is it silly for decent lads to have women's perfume? The customs are checking everything, they would have questions as to why men have women's perfume in their luggage." Although Simonyan avoided most questions about the two men's backgrounds, she hinted that they might be gay by asking, "All footage features you two together ... What do you have in common that you spend so much time together?" "The New York Times" interpreted the hint by noting that "The possibility that Mr. Petrov and Mr. Boshirov could be gay would, for a Russian audience, immediately rule out the possibility that they serve as military intelligence officers."
Chemical weapons experts and intelligence.
Porton Down.
On 3 April 2018 Gary Aitkenhead, the chief executive of the Government's Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (Dstl) at Porton Down responsible for testing the substance involved in the case, said they had established the agent was Novichok or from that family but had been unable to verify the "precise source" of the nerve agent and that they had "provided the scientific info to Government who have then used a number of other sources to piece together the conclusions you have come to." Aitkenhead refused to comment on whether the laboratory had developed or maintains stocks of Novichok. He also dismissed speculations the substance could have come from Porton Down: "There is no way anything like that could have come from us or left the four walls of our facility." Aitkenhead stated the creation of the nerve agent was "probably only within the capabilities of a state actor" and there was no known antidote.
Former Russian scientists and intelligence officers.
Vil Mirzayanov, a former Soviet Union scientist who worked at the research institute that developed the Novichok class of nerve agents and lives in the United States, believes that hundreds of people could have been affected by residual contamination in Salisbury. He said that Sergei and Yulia Skripal, if poisoned with a Novichok, would be left with debilitating health issues for the rest of their lives. He also criticised the response of Public Health England, saying that washing personal belongings was insufficient to remove traces of the chemical.
Two other Russian scientists who now live in Russia and have been involved in Soviet-era chemical weapons development, Vladimir Uglev and Leonid Rink, were quoted as saying that Novichok agents had been developed in the 1970s–1980s within the programme that was officially titled FOLIANT and the term Novichok referred to a whole system of chemical weapons use; they, as well as Mirzayanov, who published Novichok's formula in 2008, also noted that Novichok-type agents might be synthesised in other countries. In 1995, Leonid Rink received a one-year suspended sentence for selling Novichok agents to unnamed buyers, soon after the fatal poisoning of Russian banker Ivan Kivilidi by Novichok.
A former KGB and FSB officer, Boris Karpichkov, who operated in Latvia in the 1990s and fled to the UK in 1998, told ITV's "Good Morning Britain" that on 12 February 2018, three weeks before the Salisbury attack and exactly on his birthday, he received a message over the burner phone from "a very reliable source" in the FSB telling Karpichkov that "something bad [wa]s going to happen with [him] and seven other people, including Mr. Skripal", whom he then knew nothing about. Karpichkov said he disregarded the message at the time, thinking it was not serious, as he had previously received such messages. According to Karpichkov, the FSB's list includes the names of Oleg Gordievsky and William Browder.
Spiez Laboratory in Switzerland.
The Swiss Federal Intelligence Service asserted on 14 September 2018 that two Russian spies had been caught in the Netherlands and expelled, earlier in the year, for attempting to hack into the Spiez Laboratory in the Swiss town of Spiez, a designated lab of the OPCW that had been tasked with confirming that the samples of poison collected in Salisbury were Novichok. The spies were discovered through a joint investigation by the Swiss, Dutch, and British intelligence services. The two men expelled were not the same as the Salisbury suspects.
Response from other countries and organisations.
US government.
Following Theresa May's statement in Parliament, the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson released a statement on 12 March that fully supported the stance of the UK government on the poisoning attack, including "its assessment that Russia was likely responsible for the nerve agent attack that took place in Salisbury". The following day, US President Donald Trump said that Russia was likely responsible.
United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley at the Security Council briefing on 14 March 2018 stated: "The United States believes that Russia is responsible for the attack on two people in the United Kingdom using a military-grade nerve agent".
Following the United States National Security Council's recommendation, President Trump, on 26 March, ordered the expulsion of sixty Russian diplomats (referred to by the White House as "Russian intelligence officers") and the closure of the Russian consulate in Seattle. The action was cast as being "in response to Russia's use of a military-grade chemical weapon on the soil of the United Kingdom, the latest in its ongoing pattern of destabilising activities around the world."
On 8 August, five months after the poisoning, the US government agreed to place sanctions on Russian banks and exports. On 6 August, the US State Department concluded that Russia was behind the poisoning. The sanctions, which are enforced under the Chemical and Biological Weapons Control and Warfare Elimination Act of 1991 (CBW Act), were planned to come into effect on 27 August. However, these sanctions were not implemented by the Trump administration.
European Union and member states.
European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans argued for "unequivocal, unwavering and very strong" European solidarity with the United Kingdom when speaking to lawmakers in Strasburg on 13 March. Federica Mogherini, the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, expressed shock and offered the bloc's support. MEP and leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament Guy Verhofstadt proclaimed solidarity with the British people.
During a meeting in the Foreign Affairs Council on 19 March, all foreign ministers of the European Union declared in a joint statement that the "European Union expresses its unqualified solidarity with the UK and its support, including for the UK's efforts to bring those responsible for this crime to justice." In addition, the statement also pointed out that "The European Union takes extremely seriously the UK Government's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible."
Norbert Röttgen, a former federal minister in Angela Merkel's government and current chairman of Germany's parliamentary foreign affairs committee, said the incident demonstrated the need for Britain to review its open-door policy towards Russian capital of dubious origin.
Sixteen EU countries expelled 33 Russian diplomats on 26 March.
The European Union officially sanctioned 4 Russians that were suspected of carrying out the attack on 21 January 2019. The head of the GRU Igor Kostyukov and the deputy head Vladimir Alexseyev were both sanctioned along with Mishkin and Chepiga. The sanctions banned them from traveling to the EU and froze any assets they may have there along with banning any person or company in the EU providing any financial support to those sanctioned.
Other non-EU countries.
Albania, Australia, Canada, Georgia, North Macedonia, Moldova, Norway and Ukraine expelled a total of 27 Russian diplomats who were believed to have been intelligence officers. The New Zealand Government also issued a statement supporting the actions, noting that it would have expelled any Russian intelligence agents who had been detected in the country.
NATO.
NATO issued an official response to the attack on 14 March. The alliance expressed its deep concern over the first offensive use of a nerve agent on its territory since its foundation and said that the attack was in breach of international treaties. It called on Russia to fully disclose its research of the Novichok agent to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, announced on 27 March that NATO would be expelling seven Russian diplomats from the Russian mission to NATO in Brussels. In addition, 3 unfilled positions at the mission have been denied accreditation from NATO. Russia blamed the US for the NATO response.
Joint responses.
The leaders of France, Germany, the United States and the United Kingdom released a joint statement on 15 March which supported the UK's stance on the incident, stating that it was "highly likely that Russia was responsible" and calling on Russia to provide complete disclosure to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons concerning its Novichok nerve agent program. On 19 March, the European Union also issued a statement strongly condemning the attack and stating it "takes extremely seriously the UK Government's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible".
On 6 September 2018, Canada, France, Germany and the United States issued a joint statement saying they had "full confidence" that the Salisbury attack was orchestrated by Russia's Main Intelligence Directorate and "almost certainly approved at a senior government level" and urged Russia to provide full disclosure of its Novichok programme to the OPCW.
Expulsion of diplomats.
By the end of March 2018 a number of countries and other organisations expelled a total of more than 150 Russian diplomats in a show of solidarity with the UK. According to the BBC it was "the largest collective expulsion of Russian intelligence officers in history".
The UK expelled 23 Russian diplomats on 14 March 2018. Three days later, Russia expelled an equal number of British diplomats and ordered closure of the UK consulate in St. Petersburg and closure of the British Council in Russia. Nine countries expelled Russian diplomats on 26 March: along with 6 other EU nations, the US, Canada, Ukraine and Albania. The following day, several nations inside and outside of the EU, and NATO responded similarly. By 30 March, Russia expelled an equal number of diplomats of most nations who had expelled Russian diplomats. By that time, Belgium, Montenegro, Hungary and Georgia had also expelled one or more Russian diplomats. Additionally on 30 March, Russia reduced the size of the total UK mission's personnel in Russia to match that of the Russian mission to the UK.
Bulgaria, Luxembourg, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and the European Union itself have not expelled any Russian diplomats but have recalled their ambassadors from Russia for consultations. Furthermore, Iceland decided to diplomatically boycott the 2018 FIFA World Cup held in Russia.
Notes
Aftermath.
Some of the emergency vehicles used in the response to the poisoning have been buried in a landfill site near Cheltenham.
On 13 September, Chris Busby, a retired research scientist, who is a regular expert on the Russian government controlled RT television network, was arrested after his home in Bideford was raided by police. Busby was an outspoken critic of the British Government's handling of the Salisbury poisoning. In one video he stated: "Just to make it perfectly clear, there's no way that there's any proof that the material that poisoned the Skripals came from Russia." Busby was held for 19 hours under the Explosive Substances Act 1883, before being released with no further action. Following his release, Busby told the BBC he believed that the fact that two of the officers who had raided his property had felt unwell was explained by "psychological problems associated with their knowledge of the Skripal poisoning".
On 16 September, fears of Novichok contamination flared up again after two people fell ill at a Prezzo restaurant, from the Zizzi location where the Skripals had eaten before collapsing. The restaurant, a nearby pub, and surrounding streets were cordoned off, with some patrons under observation or unable to leave the area. The next day, the police said there was "nothing to suggest that Novichok" was the cause of the two people falling ill. However, on 19 September, one of the apparent victims, Anna Shapiro, claimed in "The Sun" newspaper that the incident had been an attempted assassination against her and her husband by Russia. This article was later removed from "The Sun" "for legal reasons" and the police began to investigate the incident as a "possible hoax" after the couple were discharged from hospital.
In April 2019, "The New York Times" reported that then deputy CIA director Gina Haspel advised Donald Trump in a discussion that young children had been hospitalised and ducks killed after exposure to the Novichok nerve agent that poisoned the Skripals. She showed him photos of these victims which the "New York Times" reported had been provided by British officials. The incident was cited as an example of the "persuasive skills" of the then CIA director Gina Haspel. In response Tracy Daszkiewicz, the director of public health for Wiltshire, said: "There were no other casualties other than those previously stated. No wildlife were impacted by the incident and no children were exposed to or became ill as a result of either incident".
In April 2021 Mishkin and Chepiga were linked to an explosion at an arms depot in the Czech Republic in 2014. The following month Nick Bailey, who continued to feel the effects of his poisoning and had retired early as a result, sued Wiltshire Police over the case in the High Court.
Russian public opinion.
The "Moscow Times" reported later in the year of the poisonings: 
Recovery money.
As of 17 October 2018, a total of £7.5 million had been pledged by government in support of the city and to support businesses, boost tourism and to cover unexpected costs. Wiltshire Council had spent or pledged £7,338,974 on recovery, and a further £500,000 "was in the pipeline":
Recognition of responders.
Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills and Superintendent Dave Minty of Wiltshire Police were each awarded the Queen's Police Medal in the 2020 New Year Honours for their roles in responding to the incident.
The combined Wiltshire Emergency Services received "Wiltshire Life"'s 2019 "Pride of Wiltshire" award.
Media depictions.
"The Salisbury Poisonings", a three-part dramatisation of the events in Salisbury and Amesbury, with a focus on the response of local officials and the local community, was broadcast on BBC One in June 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56823703" url="?curid=56823703" title="Leonora Rintoul">
Leonora Rintoul


</doc>
<doc id="56823707" url="?curid=56823707" title="British textiles">
British textiles


</doc>
<doc id="56823713" url="?curid=56823713" title="Johann Christian Hansen">
Johann Christian Hansen


</doc>
<doc id="56823714" url="?curid=56823714" title="Visconti-Sforza Castle (Novara)">
Visconti-Sforza Castle (Novara)

The Visconti-Sforza Castle of Novara is a castle located in the south-western border of the old center of Novara. It was erected on the former corner of the Roman and Middle Age walls that surrounded the city.
History.
The origin of the castle is connected to the transfer of Novara under the influence of Milan, taking place in the second half of the 13th century. In 1272 Francesco Della Torre (member of the family ruler of Milan), after taking over the city, ordered the construction of a fortification on the site belonged to the Tettoni family. In the 14th century, after the exchange of the ruling families from the Della Torre to the Visconti, the Lord of Milan Giovanni Visconti (1339-1354) paid again attention to Novara and had the castle built. The castle was strengthened by his successors Galeazzo II (1354-1378) and Gian Galeazzo (1378-1402). Works and repairs were done over the years by Francesco Sforza. His son, the duke Galeazzo Maria, carried out the major transformation of the building.
After almost ten years of restoration, in January 2016 the castle was reopened to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="56823717" url="?curid=56823717" title="Count Hubert James Marcel Taffin de Givenchy">
Count Hubert James Marcel Taffin de Givenchy


</doc>
<doc id="56823718" url="?curid=56823718" title="1987 Giro del Trentino">
1987 Giro del Trentino

The 1987 Giro del Trentino was the 11th edition of the Tour of the Alps cycle race and was held on 6 May to 9 May 1987. The race started in Serrada and finished in Arco di Trentino. The race was won by Claudio Corti.

</doc>
<doc id="56823719" url="?curid=56823719" title="Bohumil Hajek">
Bohumil Hajek


</doc>
<doc id="56823720" url="?curid=56823720" title="Serrada, Trentino">
Serrada, Trentino


</doc>
<doc id="56823727" url="?curid=56823727" title="Emil Jung">
Emil Jung


</doc>
<doc id="56823734" url="?curid=56823734" title="Mike McDonald (athlete)">
Mike McDonald (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56823745" url="?curid=56823745" title="Anousone Prasitharath">
Anousone Prasitharath

Serge Anousoune Prasitharath (born 5 February 1984 in Luang Prabang, Laos) is a French-Laotian former footballer and futsal player who last played for Bruguières SC Futsal and the France national futsal team. He has worked as a mechanic in Fenouillet.
Career.
Singapore.
A member of Etoile's 18-man squad for the 2010 S.League, Prasitharath was unable to participate in the season as S.League regulations stipulate that players must pass a fitness test which he failed on all three attempts before leaving the club.
Futsal.
In late 2012 and January 2013, Prasitharath was called up to represent the France national futsal team.
He has been described as having good technical abilities by Bruguières mentor Jean-Christophe Martinez.

</doc>
<doc id="56823748" url="?curid=56823748" title="Africonus pedrofiadeiroi">
Africonus pedrofiadeiroi


</doc>
<doc id="56823754" url="?curid=56823754" title="NCT 2018 Empathy">
NCT 2018 Empathy

NCT 2018 Empathy (stylized in uppercase) is the debut studio album by South Korean Boy band NCT, an unlimited group project under the management of SM Entertainment. Containing a total of fourteen tracks with twelve of which were released as singles from 2016 to 2018, the album marked the first group release with eighteen members from three different units participating at the time, while being the first release to officially introduce three new members Kun, Jungwoo and Lucas. With the group's label founder Lee Soo-man serving as the executive producer, composition and production for the album was contributed by Matt Schwartz, Tommy $trate, The Stereotypes, Timothy 'Bos' Bullock, Deez, Yoo Young-jin, Ryan S. Jhun, MZMC, Adrian McKinnon, Shin Hyuk, Josh Cumbee, Andrew Choi, Sara Forsberg, LDN Noise, and others. It was released on March 14, 2018, by SM Entertainment and iriver Inc along with the album's fourth single "Touch" by the Seoul-based unit NCT 127 and "Black on Black", the first single featuring all eighteen members of the group at that time.
Upon its release, "NCT 2018 Empathy" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics over its "compiled" tracklist and the overall solidity. The album also attained commercial success domestically, peaking at number two on the Gaon Album Chart and became the group's first release to receive a Platinum KMCA certification following its introduction in 2018. It also experienced international success, peaking at number five on the "Billboard" World Albums while becoming the first NCT release to appear on other European charts. As of August 2019, the album has achieved a cumulative sales of over 350,000 physical copies.
Background.
Following the announcement and introduction to the group's debut earlier in January 2016 by founder Lee Soo-man, a total of three sub-units debuted subsequently in the same year. The first sub-unit was NCT U, a rotational sub-unit with different members participating accordingly to the unit's music release which, at the time, saw the first appearance from member Taeil, Taeyong, Doyoung, Ten, Jaehyun and Mark. They eventually debuted with a double digital single, containing "The 7th Sense" with the latter five members and "Without You", which were performed by member Taeil, Doyoung and Jaehyun. The label then introduced NCT 127, the Seoul-based unit with number "127" representing the longitude coordinate of South Korea's capital on July 1 with seven members for its initial line-up: Taeil, Taeyong, Yuta, Jaehyun, Winwin, Mark, and Haechan. Following the label's announcement on December 27, 2016, member Doyoung and then-SR15B member Johnny officially joined the unit, marking with the unit's sophomore extended play later in January 2017. On August 18, SM Entertainment announced that the third unit would be NCT Dream, the teen-aged unit which consists of seven members: Mark, Renjun, Jeno, Haechan, Jaemin, Chenle, and Jisung. By the end of 2016, fifteen members were introduced officially as part of the unlimited NCT brand. NCT 127 and NCT Dream then continued to promote actively throughout the following year with further releases.
In mid-January, SM Entertainment unveiled NCT 2018, a singular-year project involving all current members of NCT. Through the "NCT 2018 Yearbook #1" video on January 30, the label officially introduced new members Kun, Lucas, and Jungwoo to the current line-up of NCT. Followed by a series of online documentary videos titled "NCTmentary" as part of the NCT 2018 project, the group shared "NCT Yearbook #2" video via their official YouTube channel on February 5. Prior to their official introduction, member Kun was featured on the Chinese version of "Without You" in April 2016, having performed live with NCT U. The label eventually revealed that the group would release their first large-scale project as a studio album the following day, with all eighteen members participated accordingly to their sub-unit and music project for NCT U.
Composition.
"NCT 2018 Empathy" consists of fourteen tracks in total, including an instrumental intro and outro and one extended version of a new song. The album also includes five previously released songs for its latter half, namely "The 7th Sense", the Korean and Chinese versions of "Without You" and "Timeless" by NCT U, while "Dream in a Dream" is an English solo record by member Ten, which along with "Timeless" was originally part of the SM Station project. The new recording material includes "Boss", a future-bass hip-hop track with "heavy bass riffs" which is produced by Mike Daley, Mitchell Owens, Tiffany Fred, Patrick "J. Que" Smith and Yoo Young-jin. With co-writing contribution by member Taeyong and Mark, the song contains the message of how the modern society "needs true empathy" and the unit's aspiration to bring out such empathy. Seven members participated in recording the song: Taeyong, Doyoung, Winwin, Jaehyun, Jungwoo, Lucas and Mark. It is followed by "Baby Don't Stop", an electro-hop, synth-pop track co-produced again by Yoo Young-jin with contribution from producer Matt Schwartz and Ryan S. Jhun. It possesses an "impressive" minimalist sonic composition with "addictive" drum and bass riff, expressing the sensation of an immediate love. It was also co-written by member Taeyong, whom performed the track along with member Ten as NCT U. He also contributed lyrically to the third and final new NCT U record, titled "Yestoday". It was described as a "sorrowful" old-school hip-hop influenced track, with member Taeyong, Doyoung, Lucas and Mark rapping and singing about how "today will eventually become yesterday".
Other new material for the album includes the tropical-house influenced "Touch" by NCT 127. Produced by production team LDN Noise, Deez and Adrian McKinnon, the song offers a "softer side" for the nine-member unit in comparison to their signature intense hip hop style. In contrast, the teen-aged sub-unit NCT Dream also offers their "rebellious" side with the electro-hop bombast of "Go", featuring heavy hi-hats and snare lines that resembles more of a hip hop venture than the group's usual "youthful leanings" of their earlier discography. The rap-centric "Black on Black" is a "booming" electro-dance production featuring roars and "highly distorted" vocals, which credited NCT 2018 as the performers though only the rap-line members (Taeyong, Mark, Lucas) participated in the recording of the song.
Release and promotion.
Distribution.
"NCT 2018" "Empathy" was released on March 14, 2018 by their native label SM Entertainment. The release was done through many music portals, including MelOn (South Korea) and iTunes (internationally), with physical release provided on the same day as well. The physical release contains two different versions, namely "Reality" and "Dream" with slightly difference on the package design and different group photo booklets. The digital release also contains an extended version of the album's fifth single "Yestoday" by NCT U.
Singles.
Featuring members Taeyong, Doyoung, Jaehyun, Winwin, Mark, Jungwoo and Lucas (with the latter two members being officially introduced for the first time), the NCT U-leading "Boss" was released as the album's lead single on February 18 with its music video. It was the most successful release from the album, peaking at number 97 on the Gaon Digital Chart, number 80 on the "Billboard" K-Pop Hot 100 and number three on the "Billboard" World Digital Songs chart. It was proceeded by the music video for "Baby Don't Stop", another NCT U single with member Taeyong and Ten on February 26, with both music videos sharing the same filming location at the Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine in Kiev, Ukraine. The single peaked at number two on the "Billboard" World Digital Songs chart, tying with their 2016's release "The 7th Sense" as the unit's highest peak on the chart. The third single "Go" by NCT Dream was released on March 4 to moderate success, peaking at number eighteen on the "Billboard" World Digital Songs and number twenty-five on the "Billboard" K-Pop Hot 100, becoming the highest charting release of "NCT 2018 Empathy" on the latter chart.
In conjunction with the album release on March 13, the NCT 127-leading "Touch" was released as the fourth single on March 13. It also attained moderate success, peaking at number fifty-four on the "Billboard" K-Pop Hot 100 and number eleven on the World Digital Songs chart. Two further singles were released later, including the old school hip-hop influenced "Yestoday" on April 1 with participation from member Taeyong, Doyoung, Mark and Lucas as the fifth single, and "Black on Black", the performance-assisted single by the whole group as the sixth and final single on April 18. The latter became the only single to feature all eighteen members, and subsequently the first to officially introduce Chinese member Kun. Neither of these singles charted in any native, nor the World Digital Songs component chart.
Live performances.
Promotion for the album started with NCT U's "Boss" first television performance at "M Countdown" on February 22, followed by performances on "Show Champion", "Show! Music Core" and "Inkigayo". Under the same unit, member Taeyong continued to promote with member Ten for "Baby Don't Stop" with live performances on "M Countdown, Music Bank, Show! Music Core" and "Inkigayo" starting from March 1. NCT Dream then continued the pre-release promotion activities with "Go" from March 8 and "Touch" by NCT 127 starting from March 15. "Touch" later won the unit their first music show trophy at "The Show" on March 29, 2018, being the only release from the album to do so.
Commercial performance.
Prior to the album's release, "NCT 2018 Empathy" already achieved 203,000 pre-orders, eventually topped several iTunes country charts upon its release. The album then entered and peaked at number two on the Gaon Album Chart on the week of March 17, 2018, being held off the top position by Got7's "Eyes on You." It was the third best-selling album on the March 2018 issue of the monthly album chart, and subsequently the thirteen best-selling album on the year-end album chart, having sold a total of 330,335 physical copies. It was the first album by NCT to receive a Platinum certificate by KMCA since its introduction in the same year, which granted a Platinum certificate for every album release that achieved a cumulative sales of over 250,000 copies.
Track listing.
Adapted from Naver
Notes
Intro &amp; Outro Songs

</doc>
<doc id="56823759" url="?curid=56823759" title="Michelle Edwards (athlete)">
Michelle Edwards (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56823780" url="?curid=56823780" title="1991 UK Athletics Championships">
1991 UK Athletics Championships

The 1991 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for the United Kingdom held at Cardiff Athletics Stadium, Cardiff. It was the second time that the event was held in the Welsh capital, following on from the 1990 championships there. Strong winds affected several of the jumps on the programme. A women's hammer throw was added to the schedule for the first time, though it was not classified as a UK championship event at the competition.
It was the fifteenth edition of the competition limited to British athletes only, launched as an alternative to the AAA Championships, which was open to foreign competitors. However, due to the fact that the calibre of national competition remained greater at the AAA event, the UK Championships this year were not considered the principal national championship event by some statisticians, such as the National Union of Track Statisticians (NUTS). Many of the athletes below also competed at the 1991 AAA Championships.
Three athletes won a third straight UK title, all of them throwers: Paul Head (hammer), Sharon Gibson (javelin) and Jackie McKernan (discus). Five further athletes defended their 1990 titles: Linford Christie (100 m), David Sharpe (800 m), Paul Edwards (shot put), Andy Ashurst (pole vault) and Alison Wyeth (1500 m). Judy Oakes returned to the top of the women's shot put podium to take a record-breaking ninth UK title. No athlete won multiple UK titles, though Michael Rosswess managed runner-up in both short sprints.
The main international track and field competition for the United Kingdom that year was the 1991 World Championships in Athletics. Liz McColgan added the world 10,000 metres title to her UK 3000 m title. Though neither Roger Black nor Kriss Akabusi topped the UK podium, they won medals at the world level that year.

</doc>
<doc id="56823782" url="?curid=56823782" title="Serguei Smetanine">
Serguei Smetanine

Serguei Smetanine (born 24 October 1973) is a Russian former racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="56823793" url="?curid=56823793" title="Remarkable (tablet)">
Remarkable (tablet)

Remarkable (styled as reMarkable) is an E Ink writing tablet for reading documents and textbooks, sketching and note-taking with the goal of a paper-like writing experience. Developed by a Norwegian startup company of the same name, the device is geared towards students, academics, and professionals. 
The reMarkable blends the reading experience of an electronic paper display with the writing experience of a high end tablet computer through its low lag Linux operating system, and is claimed to be solidly built.
History.
The company was founded by Magnus Wanberg and started product development in Oslo in early 2014. It has collaborated with Taiwanese company E Ink. Development was started in 2013 and a crowdfunding campaign launched in late 2016. Pre-orders began in 2017.
Second generation reMarkable 2 was announced on March 17, 2020. It was marketed as the 'World's Thinnest Tablet' (measuring 187 x 246 x 4.7 mm) and sold in batches since mid-2020 for 458 €/US$ including the pen. 
Operating system.
ReMarkable uses its own operating system, named Codex. Codex is based on Linux and optimized for electronic paper display technology.
Reception.
Remarkable RM100, launched in late 2017, has been criticized due to the sluggishness when loading and unloading files. According to Wired, reMarkable 2 "excels at taking your handwritten notes, but it doesn't do much else well." According to the podcast Bad Voltage, the lack of integrations with other software limits the device's usefulness for taking notes for some users, and there is no official third-party app ecosystem, but the ability to add software via unofficial hacks offers interesting possibilities.

</doc>
<doc id="56823809" url="?curid=56823809" title="National Museum of Stockholm">
National Museum of Stockholm


</doc>
<doc id="56823813" url="?curid=56823813" title="Jody Maginley">
Jody Maginley

Herbert Jody Maginley (born 7 June 1995) is an Antiguan and Barbudan tennis player.
Maginley has a career high ATP singles ranking of 1021 achieved on 21 October 2019. He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 509 achieved on 14 October 2019. He is the only tennis player from Antigua and Barbuda to have an ATP ranking.
Maginley represents Antigua and Barbuda at the Davis Cup, where he has a W/L record of 13–12.
Maginley played college tennis at Northern Kentucky University.
Maginley hasn’t made an ITF final in singles but has made 9 finals in doubles winning 2 of them.
Maginley has been in only one challenger event, The 2018 Irving Tennis Classic, in which he was in both the singles and doubles draw. He lost in the first round of both draws however.

</doc>
<doc id="56823818" url="?curid=56823818" title="Robert Fontaine">
Robert Fontaine

Robert Fontaine (born 18 November 1980) is a French chess player and journalist. He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 2002. He played under Monaco flag from 2016 to 2018 and now plays for Switzerland.
Chess career.
Born in 1980, Fontaine earned his international master title in 1997 and his grandmaster title in 2002. He was a professional chess player from 2002 to 2005, when he became a professional chess coach and director of the Cannes Chess Club. In 2004 Fontaine played on the French national team at the 36th Chess Olympiad. He also worked as a presenter for "Europe Échecs". He joined Agon Limited as chief of staff in August 2012, but resigned after the World Chess Championship 2013 due to disagreements with Andrew Paulson. He transferred his national federation to Monaco in 2016 and to Switzerland in 2018.
Personal life.
On 25 February 2009, Fontaine married Kateryna Lagno, also a chess player, and together they had one son. The couple has separated.

</doc>
<doc id="56823821" url="?curid=56823821" title="Cirrothauma magna">
Cirrothauma magna

Cirrothauma magna is a species of deep-sea cirrate octopus that has been found in the Indian, Atlantic, and Pacific oceans. It is known from only 4 specimens. Their shells are somewhat saddle-shaped. "C. magna" is the sister taxon of "Cirrothauma murrayi".

</doc>
<doc id="56823823" url="?curid=56823823" title="Ovidiu Covaciu">
Ovidiu Covaciu

Ovidiu Covaciu (born 3 September 1990) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for AFC Odorheiu Secuiesc. Covaciu debuted in Liga I for Gaz Metan Mediaș and played in Liga II for Dacia Unirea Brăila and in Liga III for teams such as: Arieșul Turda, Avântul Reghin, Metalurgistul Cugir or Unirea Jucu.

</doc>
<doc id="56823827" url="?curid=56823827" title="2017 Conwy County Borough Council election">
2017 Conwy County Borough Council election

The 2017 Conwy Council election took place on 4 May 2017 to elect members of Conwy County Borough Council in Wales. It was on the same day as other 2017 Welsh local elections. The previous elections took place on 3 May 2012.
Elections took place in 32 of the 38 wards, with the remaining six wards - Bryn, Caerhun, Eglwysbach, Llansannan, Llysfaen and Pandy - seeing their councillors returned without a contest.

</doc>
<doc id="56823829" url="?curid=56823829" title="Roosevelt Lakers women's ice hockey">
Roosevelt Lakers women's ice hockey

The Roosevelt Lakers women's ice hockey team represents Roosevelt University (RU) in Women's Division 1 of the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) and in the Central Collegiate Women's Hockey Association (CCWHA), following the absorption of Robert Morris University Illinois (RMU) and several of RMU's athletic teams, including women's ice hockey, that was finalized in 2020.
Prior to the merger RMU, known as the Eagles, was one of the ACHA's historically-dominant programs, a status that included a pair of national championships (in 2005 and 2007), as well as a national-best five winners of the Zoë M. Harris Award as the ACHA's player of the year. RMU made 11 appearances at the ACHA National Tournament, a count that also placed near the top of the association.
Mason Strom was hired as the team's seventh full-time head coach for the 2018–19 season and the first year of the team's identity as the Lakers will be his third overall.
History.
Robert Morris University Illinois (2003–20).
Instant dynasty (2003–08).
Robert Morris College (as the school was known until May 1, 2009) added women's hockey to its athletic department for the 2003–04 season.
The Eagles, under head coach John Burke, quickly assembled a roster that was among the nation's best, featuring stars like co-captains Leah Johnson and Krista Sleen, as well as Warroad, Minnesota product Lisa Gens. Beginning a trend in the program that continues to the present, the inaugural roster was geographically diverse, featuring players local to Chicago and Illinois, but also from places as far away as Texas and Washington. From the program's inaugural game, a 10–0 victory at then-home Glacier Ice Arena in Vernon Hills, Illinois against Notre Dame on October 10, 2003, RMC had little issue with most ACHA competition, losing within the association only to eventual national champion Wisconsin and emerging power Lindenwood during the regular season. The program captured its first trophy midway through the year by taking first place at the White Out Tournament, hosted by UMass and the first mid-season showcase event held within the ACHA's women's divisions. That title also led to Robert Morris' first-ever number one ranking in the ACHA polls, in Ranking 3 of that season. The Eagles would retain the top position for ten ranking periods, spanning two and a half seasons (a time-period reign that was eventually matched by Lindenwood from 2009–11 but has never been exceeded).
As the ACHA's top-ranked team, RMC was invited to the 2004 ACHA National Tournament, held in East Lansing, Michigan. However, the Eagles dropped their opener to No. 8 Colorado despite goals by Leah Johnson, Kathleen Johnson and Mindy Shelton, a defeat that eventually cost the squad a spot in the semifinals, before dumping No. 12 University of Pennsylvania and then tying No. 11 Penn State in a consolation game to finish sixth.
An already-strong team got even stronger in the seasons that followed thanks largely to its 2004 entering class, which went on to become one of the best and most decorated in ACHA history. Erie, Pennsylvania's Savannah Varner, the ACHA's 2006–07 Zoë M. Harris Player of the Year and an All-American in 2004–05, 2005–06, and 2007–08 headlined the group, which also featured NCAA transfers Crystal Zace (a goaltender from Bemidji State) and Jennifer Norris (a defenseman from Wisconsin–Stevens Point). Other standouts included Katie Kosobucki, another Warroad High School graduate, and Ashley Boye from the noted Belle Tire youth program in Michigan.
From the 2004–05 season through 2007–08, the Eagles lost just ten games against ACHA competition, all against perennial contenders Lindenwood and Michigan State. That reality, in part, led to RMC frequently seeking outside challenges, most significantly from NCAA Division III and U Sports (then called CIS) competition. Throughout the 2000s, Robert Morris schedules generally numbered between 40 and 45 games, with the 2006–07 slate serving as representative: 25–2–1 in 28 ACHA games, 5–4–1 in ten games against NCAA squads, and 0–5–0 versus CIS foes.
During the 2005–06 season, RMC traveled to Tallinn, Estonia to compete in a tournament against seven European teams, and hosted by the Estonian Ice Hockey Association in an effort to get the brand-new Estonia women's national ice hockey team off the ground. The Eagles beat Estonia by a 5–0 count in their tournament opener the day after Estonia defeated Iceland in their first-ever international contest. Thanks to Varner's hat trick, RMC routed British side Kingston Diamonds 8–0 to capture the title, after also defeating Coventry Phoenix (Great Britain), KFS Wildcats (Denmark), and a team from Riga, Latvia.
Stateside, the Eagles' dominance in the ACHA made invitations to nationals a foregone conclusion, with the season's success usually ultimately hinging on the last words against other top squads. The team qualified for the ACHA semifinals for six consecutive seasons from 2004–05 through 2009–10, with the first five of that run featuring championship game appearances.
2005 national championship.
The 2005 ACHA National Tournament was held outside of Buffalo, New York, with the Eagles entering the competition as the top seed, and in Pool A with hosting University at Buffalo and North Country Community College. RMC opened by battering UB by an 8–0 count on March 10, 2015, a contest in which the Bulls were held to just three shots on goal, behind two tallies by Leah Johnson and three by Boye. Burke's charges didn't have much more of an issue in the pool and quarterfinal bid clincher against NCCC, as the team scored four goals shorthanded, three by Varner, in a 7–2 victory. The ACHA, at the time, played its quarterfinal and semifinal rounds on the same day, forcing the Eagles to follow up their pool wins by defeating two strong opponents with only about seven hours between games. Fifth-ranked Western Michigan opened the rigorous stretch by handing the Eagles their first (and only, as things turned out) deficit of the tournament on a Jennifer Goscicki goal just 1:27 into the game. However, two goals from Boye, and one each from Johnson and Mindy Shelton put RMC ahead 4–2 by the end of the first period on the way to a 9–3 win. That evening, a Crystal Randall shutout helped Robert Morris past frequent nationals nemesis Rhode Island and into the championship game by a 4–0 count. The final, against Michigan State, was also largely drama-free, as the Eagles led 2–0 within the first minute of play thanks to Norris and Varner. Zace largely shut down the Spartans from there, and the RMC onslaught wrapped up with a 7–1 title win.
RMC's 2004–05 campaign remains one of the most dominant in ACHA history. The Eagles were the association's top-ranked team wire to wire, and were a spotless 20–0–0 against ACHA competition. Sleen won the Zoë M. Harris Award as the ACHA's player of the year, while Johnson was the national tournament most valuable player, and Varner, Boye and Johnson each received placement on the All-American teams.
2007 national championship.
The 2005 national title game would prove to be an anomaly in terms of opponent, as each of the next four ACHA finals would feature Robert Morris-Lindenwood matchups. The Lions shut down RMC's repeat bid in 2006 with a 3–2 overtime win, but the Eagles roared back the following season, and eventually recaptured the top spot in the rankings with a late-season home sweep of LU. That flip gave Robert Morris the top seed for the 2007 national championships in Amherst, Massachusetts, where the Eagles promptly dispatched of Michigan and hosting Massachusetts in the pool round by a combined 12–1 count, thanks in part to Jessica Zalesky's three goals.
Things became much tighter from there, starting with a 3–1 quarterfinal win over Norwich on March 9, 2007. Thanks to an early Sophie LeClerc goal, the Cadets (who were competing in their final ACHA season before heading to NCAA Division III) held a 1–0 lead until late in the second period. RMC finally got going from that point, tying the game through freshman standout Bridget Katz, then adding third period tallies by Varner and Kosobucki for the final margin. The semifinal contest, against a Connecticut team that had upset always powerful Michigan State in the quarterfinals, offered even more drama. Varner's spectacular interception-to-backhand goal put RMC up 1–0 in the second, and her assist of Katz with six minutes left in the third period gave the Eagles a 2–1 lead. However, the Huskies grabbed a 5-on-3 goal in the last minute of regulation to force overtime, and an Eagles penalty immediately after the goal put UConn right back on a 5-on-3, with a chance to end things. Zace stood tall on the opening rush of overtime, and Varner subsequently boosted her squad to the finals with a shorthanded goal that, as with her first goal of the game, was a solo effort beginning with a turnover near the Huskies line.
The championship rematch against Lindenwood was a bit less tense. Jackie Holmes and Ashley Ackerman gave the Eagles a 2–0 lead, and although Katie Kells made it 2–1 in the second period, Zace made a key save on eventual two-time ACHA player of the year Kat Hannah to keep RMC ahead. Katz scored shortly after that to restore the two-goal advantage, and Tricia Cain added a late clincher on the power play.
Varner was named the most valuable player of the tournament, completing a rare double MVP season following up her Zoë M. Harris Award win. Zace captured first team All-American honors for the second year in a row, and she was joined on the top All-American tier by Kosobucki and Dana Paha.
Weaver era and continued success (2008–14).
Robert Morris endured its first significant era change in 2008, as the 2004 entering class that formed much of the core responsible for the 2005 and 2007 national championships graduated (or already had, in the case of transfer players). Furthermore, Burke departed midway through the 2008–09 campaign after five-and-a-half seasons behind the Eagles bench. He was replaced on an interim basis by long-time assistant Chris Chelios (no relation to the Hockey Hall of Fame player) for the remainder of 2008–09, before Tom Robertson became the permanent replacement.
If those disruptions hurt the team, it wasn't immediately apparent. The Eagles brought in a loaded recruiting class in 2008, headlined by Alaska native Ramey Weaver, North Dakota's Cassie Beckerleg and Californian Rachel Black. Those freshmen combined with underclass stars like Danielle McCutcheon and Hope Fullum to drive the program for the next few years. Despite the heavy graduations and coaching uncertainty, RMU maintained its position near the top of the ACHA during 2008–09 and 2009–10, never falling below fifth in the rankings, and making its fifth and sixth consecutive trips to the national tournament semifinals. Both seasons ended in heartbreak however, first with one more title game loss to Lindenwood, then with a narrow semifinal defeat to Michigan State.
In 2010, Robert Morris joined the Central Collegiate Women's Hockey Association, ending the program's run as an independent team. With its CCWHA membership, RMU once again found itself competing for trophies with Lindenwood (which had joined the conference in 2007), although the reunion was short-lived, as the Lions left the CCWHA and the ACHA for College Hockey America and NCAA Division I after 2010–11, the Eagles' first season in the league.
Still, 2010–11 was a season for the record books, literally. The Eagles added 5-11 Alberta native Mandy Dion - a Lindenwood transfer - that year, and Dion promptly posted a staggering 79 goals and 122 points, both single-season RMU records (Dion, in fact, ranks sixth in Robert Morris career scoring, despite only spending one season as a player in Chicago). McCutcheon was just behind Dion with 120 points, and would capture the Zoë M. Harris Award that season, while Weaver added 93 points as the Eagles battered most of the competition in their new league, finishing second to Lindenwood during the regular season and losing only to the Lions within the CCWHA. However, the postseason brought bitter disappointment as LU defeated RMU in the conference semifinals and the Eagles failed to escape the pool round at nationals for the first time since their inaugural 2003–04 season, after losses to eventual national champion Michigan State and an ascendant Northeastern team that would go on to win the title in 2011–12.
Robert Morris found its greatest CCWHA success in 2011–12 and 2012–13 under head coach Bud Hickey, winning the league regular season championship in both seasons (with a combined CCWHA record of 29–1–4), as well as the playoff title in 2011–12, with the playoff championship largely due to the play of Staci Pomering. Pomering, a goaltender who transferred from NCAA Division III's University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point, allowed just two goals across five games against Michigan (twice), Grand Valley State, Western Michigan, and Ohio State to win tournament MVP honors. That success vaulted RMU to the top spot in the polls heading into nationals for the first time since the 2006–07 championship season, but a 1–0 semifinal loss to Minnesota on a goal in the last three minutes of regulation stalled the quest for a third national title. The Eagles were still represented well during 2011–12 awards season, however, with Weaver's 67-point campaign good enough for RMU's second straight Zoë M. Harris Award - and fourth overall, surpassing Lindenwood for the most all-time. Hickey, in his first season with the Eagles women after three with RMU's ACHA Men's Division 2 squad, was the ACHA's coach of the year, thanks largely to the team's return to prominence after the hard-to-swallow ending of 2010–11.
RMU's CCWHA tournament title defense failed in 2012–13 when Maria Barlow and Michigan State shut the Eagles out 1–0 in the championship game, while Liberty ended Robert Morris' ACHA title hopes in the semifinal round for the third time in four years thanks to Carrie Jickling's goal to win a double overtime epic.
The 2013–14 campaign started with a jolt as the Eagles, somewhat unexpectedly, ended up with two top players not with the team during the previous season. The first was Weaver, who had originally graduated in 2012 but returned after a year off to complete her eligibility. The other was Hayley Williams. Williams had been an NCAA Division I player at Bemidji State in 2009–10 but left the team and the sport after that season, attending the school for two more years before returning home to the Chicago area. She then volunteered to help out at Chicago Steel home games, and the USHL franchise sharing Edge Ice Arena with RMU at the time facilitated a chance meeting with a former teammate that ended with Williams resurrecting her career with the Eagles. Weaver and Williams were generally considered 2013–14's headliners (both were first team All-Americans and first team All-CCWHA selections, with Williams capturing RMU's record-extending fifth Zoë M. Harris Award), but heavy contributions from players like Chelsea Kasprick, Jessica Merritt and Madi Biluk once again made Robert Morris one of the ACHA's most explosive teams.
On February 8, 2014, Robert Morris defeated Grand Valley State 4–2, in an outdoor contest as part of a multi-game event dubbed the Winter Frost Faceoff and held at MB Financial Plaza (now Parkway Bank Park) in nearby Rosemont, Illinois.
The Eagles spent the entire season ranked third or fourth in the polls, and finished second in the CCWHA standings, behind a Miami team at the beginning of their own dynasty (the RedHawks would win their first national championship that season to begin a stretch of three in four years). However, things fizzled out quickly in the postseason: Michigan State and Michigan teams fighting for national tournament bids beat and tied RMU in the pool round at the CCWHA playoffs to prevent the Eagles from advancing to the semifinals, while an overtime loss to Adrian and a tie with Liberty delivered the same fate at nationals.
Final RMU seasons (2014–20).
Following the challenging 2014 season, RMU entered a transitional period both on the ice and on the bench. After the Eagles missed the ACHA National Tournament for the first time in program history in 2014–15, Chelios (then in a second brief stint as the team's head coach) was let go cutting a line of continuity to the program's early days. Jennifer Wilson was then hired as Chelios' replacement. Wilson was an accomplished player, including skating for the 2005–06 ECAC East championship team at Manhattanville College before playing two seasons at RMU, where she posted 49 points from 2012–14, and she had also spent time as an assistant coach with Saint Michael's College's NCAA program.
Wilson began rebuilding the team with a stellar 2015 entering class that included standout defenseman Alex Nurse, cornerstone forwards Bria Berggren, Grace Dynek, and Madison Schultz, as well as a few star transfers like Allyson Zachwieja (Marian University) and Rebecca Dilley (Bethel University). That group joined a solid existing core, notably including then-rising-sophomore Makaila Anderson, who would go on to be the number eight scorer in program history, as of the end of 2017–18. Rachel Arias and Emily Urban would add offensive punch among the 2016 entries.
The 2015–16 season proceeded with highs and lows typical of a young team, with highs including upsets of Michigan and Grand Valley State that boosted the Eagles to tenth in the rankings late in the season, in position to aim for a national tournament bid. The win over the Lakers was particularly noteworthy, as Dynek scored the winning goal on a 3-on-0 rush with just five seconds remaining, and GVSU wound up as the national runners-up that year. The season quickly crashed from there though - RMU not only missed nationals, but also missed the CCWHA playoffs for the first time since joining the conference, as the Eagles were edged by a single point by Davenport for the sixth and final spot. The following year saw measurable progress, as Robert Morris not only returned to the playoffs, but also upset Michigan to advance to the conference semifinals for the first time since 2013. Dynek, Berggren, Zachwieja, and Anderson all scored in the victory over the Wolverines.
Wilson left for the head coach job with NCAA Division III program Buffalo State after 2016–17, and she was replaced by Sonja Novak. Novak also came highly regarded in the hockey world, thanks largely to her time as a player with Princeton University and the Czech Republic women's national ice hockey team, helping the latter to win consecutive division promotions at the 2011 IIHF Women's World Championship and 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship (including seven points in five games during the 2012 tournament). Although Novak's first season was derailed late by a slew of injuries, RMU still managed its fair share of highlights while qualifying for the CCWHA playoffs for the second consecutive year. On November 10, 2017, at its hosted ACHA showcase, the Eagles toppled fifth-ranked UMass 3–2. After trailing 2–1 into the last six minutes of the contest, Katie Merrell tied things up on the power play, then Urban capped the dramatic victory with just 33 seconds remaining. Exactly one week later, Laura Noble delivered a 34-save shutout of Michigan, supported by goals from Nurse and Abby Cardew.
However, Novak departed after a single season to join Wilson's staff, after the latter had left Buffalo State for Lake Forest College. Mason Strom, notable as the leader of the successful program at Fenwick High School, succeeded Novak as RMU's coach. The Eagles largely struggled through Strom's first two seasons though, finishing sixth in the CCWHA each time. Highlights of those campaigns included a 1–0 victory over eventual ACHA National Tournament participant McKendree on December 1, 2018 on the back of a Lauren Yomantas shutout, as well as a 2–1 victory over Davenport on February 23, 2020, thanks to Arias' winning goal with 3:44 remaining that allowed the Eagles to clinch the final spot in the CCWHA playoffs.
Roosevelt University (2020–present).
The team will begin play as the Roosevelt Lakers for the 2020–21 season, with Strom and associate head coach Carla Pentimone continuing in their roles.
ACHA National Tournament results.
The program has appeared in the ACHA National Tournament 11 times, all while known as Robert Morris. The Eagles won national championships in 2005 and 2007, and had additional top-four finishes in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2013. Their combined record in all games is 35–11–3.
Program records.
As of May 15, 2020. ACHA games only, including both the Roosevelt and Robert Morris eras.
Sources:
Notable goaltenders.
† Career includes games during the 2006–07, 2007–08 and/or 2008–09 seasons, during which the ACHA did not accurately track goaltending statistics. Ashley Miller played from 2006–10, Crystal Zace played from 2004–07, and Jade Getz played from 2007–10.
ACHA ranking history.
National rankings.
The ACHA began compiling a national ranking in 2003–04, issued four times per season, with the top twelve (from 2003–04 through 2008–09) or eight (from 2009–10 on) in the final regular season ranking, released in February, receiving a bid to the ACHA National Tournament. A preseason ranking was initiated beginning with 2014–15. Beginning with the 2016–17 season, the ACHA tabulated rankings each week during the season and issued them on Tuesdays following weekends including games. The ranking methodology initially used a combined human voter and computer ranking process before moving exclusively to a computer ranking for the 2018–19 season, a development that eliminated the preseason ranking.
Regional rankings.
From 2000–01 through 2002–03, prior to the establishment of Robert Morris' program, regional rankings were the sole method for determining ACHA National Tournament bids. The inaugural 2000–01 season featured teams divided into East and West Regions, with the top four from each in February's final ranking invited to nationals. For 2001–02 and 2002–03, the setup was expanded to include East, Central and West Regions. Under that system, the top two from each region were invited to nationals, along with two wild card teams. In 2003–04, RMU's inaugural year, the tournament field was expanded to 12 teams, and a national ranking was introduced. The latter development diminished the importance of the regional rankings, as the national rankings were used to determine nationals bids. Regional champions were still awarded an autobid, however, even if ranked outside of the top 12 nationally. In 2004–05, growth in the number of ACHA women's teams resulted in an increase to four regions - Northeast, Southeast, Central and West - although things reverted to East, Central and West in 2007–08. The 2009–10 season was notable both for the fact that the tournament field was reduced back to eight teams and as the final year of the regional system, which had become largely antiquated as regional champions generally had little issue placing highly in the national rankings. Robert Morris was included in the Central Region for the duration of its existence within the regional ranking system.
ACHA national honors.
Annual awards.
All-Americans and All-Tournament selections including all seasons except 2008–09. Academic All-Americans including all seasons except 2007–08, 2008–09 and 2015–16.
Sources:
Zoë M. Harris Player of the Year
Coach of the Year
Community Playmaker Award
Academic All-American
First Team All-American
Second Team All-American
All-American Honorable Mention
National Tournament MVP
First Team All-Tournament
Second Team All-Tournament
All-Tournament Honorable Mention
Monthly awards.
During the 2013–14, 2014–15 and 2015–16 seasons, the ACHA presented a series of monthly awards for both men's and women's divisions.
Harrow Player of the Month
Harrow Defenseman of the Month
Turfer Sportsmanship Award
Conference honors.
All-Conference selections including all seasons except 2010–11, 2011–12 and 2012–13. All-Tournament selections including all seasons except 2010–11.
Sources:
CCWHA Tournament MVP
First Team All-CCWHA
Second Team All-CCWHA
First Team All-CCWHA Tournament
Second Team All-CCWHA Tournament
Robert Morris Athletic Hall of Fame.
Established in 2010, the RMU Athletic Hall of Fame honored former student-athletes across all sports for outstanding contributions to the Eagles. Notably, Crystal Zace became the first woman in the hall twice in 2012, when she received her individual induction following her inclusion as a member of the 2004–05 ACHA national championship team.
World University Games selections.
Since 2011, the ACHA has supplied players for the U.S. National University Select Women's Team, which competes at the World University Games women's hockey tournament, held biennially and as part of the multi-sport event for college and university student-athletes. Robert Morris had six players selected to Team USA, all for the 2011 and 2013 tournaments.
The 2011 squad, featuring Ramey Weaver, Becky Katz, and Rachel Black, finished fourth in Erzurum, Turkey by winning games against overmatched Great Britain and Turkey teams but losing to the more traditional hockey powers in Canada, Slovakia, and Finland. Even in defeat, a game against Finland during the round robin stage was likely Team USA's best moment of the tournament. In the contest, the Americans held a team featuring several members of the senior Finland women's national ice hockey team that had just won bronze medals at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics within a 3–1 score, including an empty-net goal (Venla Hovi and Annina Rajahuhta from that Finland team would go on to also win bronze medals at the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics). Weaver had four points during the tournament to tie for fifth in team scoring.
Two years later, she was not only invited back to the team, but also named its captain, and was joined on the roster by Eagles Hayley Williams (who was an alternate captain) and Jessica Merritt. The trio helped Team USA to bronze medals in Trentino, Italy, a historic finish as a first medal for any American team in the modern era (USA Hockey resumed its participation in the WUG on the men's side in 2001 after a lengthy hiatus) and just the second overall, following the U.S. men in 1972 (who "earned" bronze medals by finishing third in a three-team tournament). Particularly, Weaver and Williams were among the team leaders, not only in terms of leadership roles, but also in offensive output - Weaver's eight points led all Americans, while Williams added five to rank fourth. Each contributed a point in the team's biggest win, a 4–2 victory over a Russia team featuring several Russia women's national ice hockey team members to open the tournament, while Williams (one goal, one assist) or Weaver (one assist) had a hand in every U.S. goal during a 3–1 bronze medal match win over Japan.
2010 ACHA women's select team.
As a precursor to World University Games participation, the ACHA assembled a first-of-its-kind women's select team that toured Geneva, Switzerland, Chamonix, France and Méribel, France during April 2010. The team included Weaver, as well as Eagles goaltender Ashley Miller, as RMU player representatives. Its final record overseas was 2–2–0, including two close losses to the France women's national ice hockey team and two decisive wins over local club teams.
Rivalries.
Davenport.
Although there's a fair amount of contrast between the histories of the two programs, given that Davenport only started its team in 2013–14 and has yet to qualify for the ACHA National Tournament, the Lakers and Panthers have nevertheless developed a healthy feud in a relatively short time, primarily while RU was still playing as the Robert Morris Eagles. DU (along with fellow Grand Rapids, Michigan-area schools Aquinas College and Grand Valley State University) is Roosevelt's closest CCWHA competitor, and the two teams have spent much of the last few seasons jockeying for league playoff position. In 2015–16, Davenport knocked RMU out of the league playoffs for the first time ever when the Panthers pulled off a late-season upset of then-No. 4 GVSU to edge the Eagles by one point in the standings. During the season series, RMU did win five of a possible eight points from Davenport, although crucially, DU forced overtime through a Lexie Boydston goal with 22 seconds remaining on November 7, 2015. While the Eagles did go on to take that game thanks to an Abbey Revelle winner, the Panthers' point earned with the overtime loss wound up being the difference between the teams in the standings.
The Eagles got the best of Davenport in that regard on other occasions. The 2014–15 regular season, for example, ended with Robert Morris as the last team in the CCWHA playoffs, one point ahead of the Panthers. This occurred in spite of the fact that DU won the only series between the teams that year - although RMU made up for that deficit with upset wins over Michigan State and Adrian. The Eagles similarly made the conference playoffs in both 2016–17 and 2017–18 while Davenport did not, although the margins were more comfortably in RMU's favor on those occasions. One of the biggest games in series history occurred on February 23, 2020, a contest that had been postponed from January 11th due to snow. The new date at the end of the regular season multiplied the drama though, as it turned out to effectively be a play-in game for the CCWHA playoffs with the winner taking the sixth and final seed and the loser seeing its season end. After Ali Sinnett and Amanda Ballestero traded goals over the first two periods, RMU's Rachel Arias propelled her team to a 2–1 win with 3:44 remaining.
The teams have met once in postseason play, with Robert Morris taking a 9–3 CCWHA playoff win on February 21, 2014. Ramey Weaver scored four times for RMU, including twice in the first 10:07 of the contest and sandwiching a Madi Biluk tally, as the Eagles ran out to an early 3–0 advantage and never looked back.
Through the end of the 2019–20 season, Roosevelt owns a 13–6–2 series advantage on the Panthers.
Michigan State.
From independent national powers to CCWHA rivals, Robert Morris and Michigan State were frequently been in each other's way over stakes both large and small, and both were among the ACHA's most storied programs with a pair of national championships apiece. 
The first time the Eagles and Spartans met was also the most important: the 2005 national championship game, won by RMC in a 7–1 rout. Since then, however, the teams have faced off four additional times at nationals, all within a span of five years between 2009 and 2013. The first two of those, 2009 and 2010, occurred in the semifinal round. Robert Morris took the first of those by a 3–0 count, upsetting the second-ranked Spartans behind two Weaver goals and an Ashley Miller shutout. MSU got even the next year with a 2–1 win that snapped the four-year run of RMU vs. Lindenwood title games. In 2011's tournament, a 4–0 loss to MSU in the pool round helped stop the Eagles short of the semifinals for the first time in seven years en route to an eventual national championship for the Spartans, while 2013's pool round tilt went to the Eagles thanks, in part, to two Chelsea Kasprick tallies.
Once Robert Morris joined the CCWHA in 2010, it gave the programs an additional venue for competition. Michigan State, however, has won all four matchups to date in the league playoffs. Two of those contests took place in the same postseason, 2013, after RMU had won the conference regular season crown (and both CCWHA titles in 2011–12). However, Spartans goalie Maria Barlow shut out the always-potent Eagles twice in the tournament - once in the pool round, then by a 1–0 count in the CCWHA championship game.
The rivalry will have a decidedly different tone as the Lakers identity takes over, with Roosevelt rebuilding and MSU remaining one of the ACHA's top programs.
Michigan State won the 2019–20 season series from Robert Morris by sweeping a pair of games in East Lansing, Michigan on January 25th and 26th, 2020.
Lindenwood.
Although now essentially dormant as a result of LU's move to NCAA Division I for the 2011–12 season, the Lions and RMU ruled the ACHA's top women's division for most of the 2000s.
The teams met five times during the first two seasons of Robert Morris' program, but the rivalry began in earnest during the 2005–06 season. That year, Eagles took three of four early-season meetings, but in the 2006 ACHA championship game - played at LU's home Lindenwood Ice Arena - Kristen Dlugos' goal 1:40 into overtime delivered the title for the Lions. That game kicked off a run of four straight seasons that ended with Robert Morris and Lindenwood playing each other for the title. RMU took the final victory in 2007, but the Lions emerged with the championship in 2008 and 2009, in addition to their 2006 win.
The 2008 championship game was a particularly notable moment in the rivalry, as Ashley Boye assisted on both Lindenwood goals to help LU recapture the crown with a 2–1 victory at Edge Ice Arena. Boye had been a star for the Eagles during the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons (winning the 2005 ACHA title in the process) before departing for St. Lawrence's NCAA Division I program in 2006–07. She then returned to the ACHA for that 2007–08 season, but with Lindenwood, where she helped defeat her former team for the title on its home ice.
Fortunately for Robert Morris, the transfer train ran both ways, as former Lions ace Mandy Dion headed to Chicago in 2010–11 and posted the most prolific single season in Eagles history, with 122 points. Dion would also subsequently serve as an assistant coach and recruiting coordinator at RMU for five seasons.
The teams met for one final weekend in 2011–12, where Lindenwood, then in their first season as an NCAA program, swept a three-game series with RMU by 4–1, 4–1, and 6–0 scorelines. Those results gave Lindenwood an indefinite 28–11–4 series lead, although LU added a second team for the 2020–21 season following the dissolution of the team at the school's Belleville campus which will, in some sense, reboot the series during the Roosevelt era.
Players.
Current roster.
As of May 15, 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56823830" url="?curid=56823830" title="Diuris amplissima">
Diuris amplissima

Diuris amplissima, commonly called the giant donkey orchid is a species of orchid that is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a rare species and the largest "Diuris" in Western Australia. It has two or three leaves at its base and up to seven purple and dull yellowish-brown flowers on a tall flowering stem.
Description.
"Diuris amplissima" is a tuberous, perennial herb, usually growing to a height of with two or three leaves emerging at the base, each leaf long and wide. There are between three and seven purple and dull yellowish-brown flowers long and wide. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and wide and oval to kidney-shaped (wider than long). The lateral sepals are linear to sword-shaped, green with purplish marks, long, wide, turned downwards and usually parallel to each other. The petals are more or less erect with an elliptic to oval blade long and wide on a purplish-brown stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is wedge-shaped, long, wide and the side lobes are asymmetric egg-shaped, long and wide with wavy or crinkled edges. There is a ridge-like callus in the mid-line of the base of the labellum. Flowering occurs from September to November.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Diuris amplissima" was first formally described in 1991 by David Jones from a specimen collected near Moodiarrup, and the description was published in "Australian Orchid Review". The specific epithet ("amplissima") is a Latin word meaning "largest", referring to the "impressive flowers".
Distribution and habitat.
The giant donkey orchid grows in woodland and forest between Porongurup and Capel in the Avon Wheatbelt, Jarrah Forest and Mallee biogeographic regions. It is a rare species, similar to "D. magnifica" but grows in heavier soils than the sandy habitat of that species.
Conservation.
"Diuris amplissima" is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="56823841" url="?curid=56823841" title="Hermann Carl von Schleinitz">
Hermann Carl von Schleinitz


</doc>
<doc id="56823843" url="?curid=56823843" title="British Pathe News">
British Pathe News


</doc>
<doc id="56823852" url="?curid=56823852" title="Fanny (ship)">
Fanny (ship)


</doc>
<doc id="56823856" url="?curid=56823856" title="Chanson du Toréador">
Chanson du Toréador


</doc>
<doc id="56823863" url="?curid=56823863" title="Buena Vista Pumping Plant">
Buena Vista Pumping Plant

Buena Vista Pumping Plant is a water pumping plant of the California State Water Project, located 22 miles (36 km) southwest of Bakersfield, within Kern County, in the San Joaquin Valley, central California. 
The plant is the third pumping plant for the California Aqueduct. From Buena Vista, water flows to the Edmonston Pumping Plant, approximately southeast, before being pumped over the Tehachapi Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="56823864" url="?curid=56823864" title="1994 Giro del Trentino">
1994 Giro del Trentino

The 1994 Giro del Trentino was the 18th edition of the Tour of the Alps cycle race and was held on 10 May to 13 May 1994. The race started in Arco and finished in Riva del Garda. The race was won by Moreno Argentin.

</doc>
<doc id="56823873" url="?curid=56823873" title="Chanson du toreador">
Chanson du toreador


</doc>
<doc id="56823894" url="?curid=56823894" title="Ibrahima Koné (footballer, born 1999)">
Ibrahima Koné (footballer, born 1999)

Ibrahima Koné (born 16 June 1999) is a Malian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Sarpsborg 08 and the Mali national team.
Club career.
In February 2018, Koné signed for Norwegian Eliteserien club FK Haugesund on a contract until 2021. On 10 January 2021, he was transferred to fellow Eliteserien club Sarpsborg 08. He signed a three-year contract with the club.
International career.
Koné made his debut for the Mali national team on 22 July 2017 against Gambia, scoring a hat-trick in a 4–0 win. His next appearance for Mali took place four years later, in a 1–0 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification win over Rwanda on 1 September 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56823901" url="?curid=56823901" title="Quote-mine">
Quote-mine


</doc>
<doc id="56823912" url="?curid=56823912" title="Iulian Anca-Trip">
Iulian Anca-Trip

Iulian Daniel Anca-Trip (born 28 February 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. Born in Oradea, Anca-Trip grew up at Liberty Salonta academy and also played at senior level for Olimpia Satu Mare, UTA Arad and Sportul Snagov before his transfer to Metaloglobus București in the summer of 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56823921" url="?curid=56823921" title="KYAC-LP">
KYAC-LP

KYAC-LP is a LPFM radio station at 94.9 FM in Mill City, Oregon broadcasting a Progressive format. It is owned and operated by Santiam Hearts to Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="56823931" url="?curid=56823931" title="Independent Publishers Guild">
Independent Publishers Guild

The Independent Publishers Guild (IPG), founded in 1962, is an association set up to support the needs of independent firms in the publishing industry in the United Kingdom, with a current membership of more than 600 companies. The IPG is a not-for-profit limited company and has a non-executive board of directors. The chief executive is currently Bridget Shine. The IPG is a forum that supports enables the exchange of information and the strengthening of partnerships between its membership of independent publishers and other relevant professional bodies.
History.
Founded in 1962, the organisation was originally known as the Independent Publishers Group until in 1966/67, it became the Independent Publishers Guild.
The IPG's activities include conferences, the annual IPG Awards, which recognise the achievements of individuals and companies within the UK industry, and collective stands at the London Book Fair and the Frankfurt Book Fair.
In 2015, the IPG became a member of the Publishers Licensing Society, now known as Publishers' Licensing Services (PLS), an organisation owned and managed by the four main trade associations, the others being the Publishers' Association (PA), the Professional Publishers Association (PPA), and the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers (ALPSP).
IPG Independent Publishing Awards.
In 2007, to recognise outstanding achievements in various aspects of the publishing industry the IPG launched the Independent Publishing Awards, which have become are the UK's biggest annual celebration of independent publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="56823939" url="?curid=56823939" title="A Better Tomorrow 2018 (film)">
A Better Tomorrow 2018 (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56823960" url="?curid=56823960" title="Sergei Fomchenkov">
Sergei Fomchenkov

Sergei Fomchenkov (; born 1973, Smolensk) is Russian politician, member of banned National Bolshevik Party and The Other Russia. He is served as commander in United Armed Forces of Novorossiya
Biography.
Political career.
Fomchenkov was a leader of Smolensk branch of National Bolshevik Party since 1998. and later member of Cental Committee of the NBP. He was one of the organizers of the Dissenters' March.
War in Donbas.
Sergei Fomchenkov was leader of armed units Interbrigades, formed by Russian national-bolsheviks during pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. 
Fomchenkov served in the "Zarya Battalion" and became Chief of Artillery Staff of the 2nd brigade of the Luhansk People's Republic
Nowadays Sergei Fomchenkov is commander of the 4th reconnaissance assault battalion of special forces of the Armed forces of DNR
Personal life.
Fomchenkov is married to Taisiya Osipova Russian dissident and former political prisoner. He has a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="56823962" url="?curid=56823962" title="Louderback">
Louderback

Louderback is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56823972" url="?curid=56823972" title="Synaptic Stabilization with Cell Adhesion Molecules">
Synaptic Stabilization with Cell Adhesion Molecules


</doc>
<doc id="56823976" url="?curid=56823976" title="World Beyond">
World Beyond

Worlds Beyond or Beyond the World or "variation", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56823979" url="?curid=56823979" title="World Beyond (album)">
World Beyond (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56823981" url="?curid=56823981" title="Cirrothauma murrayi">
Cirrothauma murrayi

Cirrothauma murrayi, commonly called the "blind cirrate octopus," is a nearly blind octopus whose eyes can sense light, but not form images. It has been found worldwide, usually beneath the ocean's surface. Like other cirrates, it has an internal shell, muscular fins for swimming, and a web connecting the arms.
The species was first caught by an expedition led by Sir John Murray in 1910, and it was later named in honor of Murray. It was described by German marine biologist Carl Chun in 1911.
Description.
Eye structure.
The eye structure is very different from other octopods. Their eyes are small, lens-less and almost non-functional, as the eyes also lack irises and ciliary bodies. The nearly sightless eyes are embedded deep in the gelatinous tissue of their head.
Suckers.
"Cirrothauma murrayi" has about six strong sessile suckers which help them swim as well as hunt fish.

</doc>
<doc id="56823985" url="?curid=56823985" title="1936–37 Arsenal F.C. season">
1936–37 Arsenal F.C. season

The 1936–37 season was Arsenal's 18th consecutive season in the top division of English football.
Results.
"Arsenal's score comes first"
FA Cup.
Arsenal entered the FA Cup in the third round, in which they were drawn to face Chesterfield. 

</doc>
<doc id="56823990" url="?curid=56823990" title="Agnesian HealthCare">
Agnesian HealthCare


</doc>
<doc id="56823999" url="?curid=56823999" title="Flight Time Lang">
Flight Time Lang


</doc>
<doc id="56824003" url="?curid=56824003" title="Star Trek (book series)">
Star Trek (book series)


</doc>
<doc id="56824006" url="?curid=56824006" title="Into the Ring">
Into the Ring


</doc>
<doc id="56824009" url="?curid=56824009" title="Long year">
Long year


</doc>
<doc id="56824010" url="?curid=56824010" title="Trevor Williams (designer)">
Trevor Williams (designer)

Trevor Williams (3 March 1931 – 14 February 2008) was an English film and television production designer, most noted for his work in Canadian and American productions.
Born in Harrow, he moved to Canada in the 1960s and worked on CBC Television productions before moving to Hollywood, where he was a set designer and art director on shows such as "Dark Shadows", "Little House on the Prairie" and "The Night Stalker". He received two Emmy Award nominations for his work on "The Hunchback" and "The Eccentricities of a Nightingale". In film, he won the Genie Award for Best Art Direction or Production Design at the 1st Genie Awards for his work on "The Changeling". He was a nominee in the same category at the 29th Canadian Film Awards in 1978 for "The Silent Partner", and at the 3rd Genie Awards in 1982 for "The Amateur".

</doc>
<doc id="56824017" url="?curid=56824017" title="Introduction (Instructions)">
Introduction (Instructions)


</doc>
<doc id="56824019" url="?curid=56824019" title="Alone, Part 3">
Alone, Part 3


</doc>
<doc id="56824022" url="?curid=56824022" title="Moonlight (XXXTentacion song)">
Moonlight (XXXTentacion song)

"Moonlight" (stylized in all capitals as MOONLIGHT) is a song written and performed by American rapper XXXTentacion from his second studio album "?". The song was posthumously sent to rhythmic radio as the album's third single on August 14, 2018. The song reached many chart positions globally, including a number 13 peak on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as a platinum certification following his death. It's therefore tied with "Falling Down" (with Lil Peep) as his third-highest-charting song in the United States, with both songs falling behind "Sad!" and "Don't Cry" (with Lil Wayne).
Music video.
The official music video for "Moonlight" was released on the early night of October 1, 2018. The video was written and creative directed by Onfroy himself, and was also directed by JMP. The video features Onfroy and a large group of people at a get-together taking place in the woods after dark, lit by the light of a full moon. Onfroy is seen sitting by himself listening to headphones and observing the party, as well as walking through the crowd of people who are all dressed in black attire. He laughs as he watches people dance, and also exchanges stares with a mysterious curly-haired girl who is shown several times during the video (based on her appearance she has been theorized to represent Geneva Ayala, Onfroy's ex-girlfriend). Having been released after the rapper's passing, the video ends with the phrases "ENERGY NEVER DIES", "HE IS AMONGST US" and "LONG LIVE JAH" in tribute to Onfroy. A similar phrase, "LONG LIVE PRINCE X", was also featured at the end of his "Sad!" music video.

</doc>
<doc id="56824026" url="?curid=56824026" title="The Remedy for a Broken Heart (Why Am I So in Love)">
The Remedy for a Broken Heart (Why Am I So in Love)


</doc>
<doc id="56824030" url="?curid=56824030" title="The Remedy for a Broken Heart (Why I'm So in Love)">
The Remedy for a Broken Heart (Why I'm So in Love)


</doc>
<doc id="56824031" url="?curid=56824031" title="Susanne Wood">
Susanne Wood


</doc>
<doc id="56824032" url="?curid=56824032" title="Floor 555">
Floor 555


</doc>
<doc id="56824033" url="?curid=56824033" title="Numb (XXXTentacion song)">
Numb (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824035" url="?curid=56824035" title="Infinity (888)">
Infinity (888)


</doc>
<doc id="56824036" url="?curid=56824036" title="Going Down!">
Going Down!


</doc>
<doc id="56824038" url="?curid=56824038" title="Going Down! (XXXTentacion song)">
Going Down! (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824040" url="?curid=56824040" title="Pain = Bestfriend">
Pain = Bestfriend


</doc>
<doc id="56824042" url="?curid=56824042" title="Rubeola virus">
Rubeola virus


</doc>
<doc id="56824043" url="?curid=56824043" title="Ingress Prime">
Ingress Prime


</doc>
<doc id="56824044" url="?curid=56824044" title="Icecross downhill">
Icecross downhill


</doc>
<doc id="56824045" url="?curid=56824045" title="2W0X1">
2W0X1


</doc>
<doc id="56824046" url="?curid=56824046" title="Russia investigation">
Russia investigation


</doc>
<doc id="56824047" url="?curid=56824047" title="Ice-cross downhill">
Ice-cross downhill


</doc>
<doc id="56824056" url="?curid=56824056" title="$$$ (song)">
$$$ (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824059" url="?curid=56824059" title="$$$ (XXXTentacion song)">
$$$ (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824061" url="?curid=56824061" title="Priscilla Monge">
Priscilla Monge

Priscilla Monge (born 1968) is a Costa Rican artist. She is one of the best-known female artists from Central America.
Early life and education.
She was born in San José and studied art at the University of Costa Rica. In 1994, she settled in Belgium, staying there four years; there, she met the artist Wim Delvoye who had a strong influence on her development as an artist. Now, she lives and works in San José.
Art career.
Monge expresses herself through video art, installation art and photography. Her work often blends fragility and violence and is open to a multitude of interpretations. Because on the surface, all seems calm, the terror which lurks below the surface is more disturbing. Her work often deals with feminist issues.
Her work was included in the Venice Biennale in 2001 and again in 2013; she was also a participant in the Havana Biennial in 1997 and in the Liverpool Biennial in 2008.
Her work is included in the collection of the Tate Museum.
Exhibitions.
2019 – "Victoria Cabezas and Priscilla Monge: Give Me What You Ask For" – Americas Society, New York.&lt;br&gt;
2013 – 55th Venice Biennial, Costa Rica Pavilion, Ca´Bonvicini, Venice.&lt;br&gt;
2010 – Bienal de Pontevedra. “Utrópicos: Centroamérica y Caribe”. Comisario Santiago Olmo. Pontevedra, Spain.&lt;br&gt;
2007 – "Global Feminisms" – Brooklyn Museum of Art, New York.&lt;br&gt;
2006 – Liverpool Biennial of Contemporary Art 2006. Liverpool, UK.&lt;br&gt;
2005 – "Points of View" – Photography in El Museo del Barrio’s permanent collection. El Museo del Barrio, New York.&lt;br&gt;
2004 – I Bienal Internacional de Arte Contemporáneo de Sevilla – BIACS. Fundación Bienal Internacional de Arte Contemporáneo de Sevilla, Spain.&lt;br&gt;
2003 – OPEN e v+ a 2003 – ev+a. Limerick Biennial, Limerick, Ireland.&lt;br&gt;
2001 – 49th Venice Biennial / Biennale di Venecia, Venice.&lt;br&gt;
2000 – 24° Bienal de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil.&lt;br&gt;
1999 – "Pervirtiendo el Minimalismo". Museo Centro de Arte Reina Sofía, Madrid, España.&lt;br&gt;
1997 – Bienal de La Habana, Havana, Cuba.&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56824062" url="?curid=56824062" title="Love Yourself (Interlude)">
Love Yourself (Interlude)


</doc>
<doc id="56824063" url="?curid=56824063" title="Love Yourself (XXXTentacion song)">
Love Yourself (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824065" url="?curid=56824065" title="Smash! (song)">
Smash! (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824070" url="?curid=56824070" title="Smash! (XXXTentacion song)">
Smash! (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824073" url="?curid=56824073" title="I Don't Even Speak Spanish Lol">
I Don't Even Speak Spanish Lol


</doc>
<doc id="56824074" url="?curid=56824074" title="I Don't Even Speak Spanish LOL">
I Don't Even Speak Spanish LOL


</doc>
<doc id="56824075" url="?curid=56824075" title="Hope (XXXTentacion song)">
Hope (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824080" url="?curid=56824080" title="Museum of Science and Industry of Catalonia">
Museum of Science and Industry of Catalonia


</doc>
<doc id="56824081" url="?curid=56824081" title="Schizophrenia (song)">
Schizophrenia (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824082" url="?curid=56824082" title="Schizophrenia (XXXTentacion song)">
Schizophrenia (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824084" url="?curid=56824084" title="Raid of Scone">
Raid of Scone


</doc>
<doc id="56824085" url="?curid=56824085" title="Before I Close My Eyes">
Before I Close My Eyes

Before I Close My Eyes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824088" url="?curid=56824088" title="Before I Close My Eyes (XXXTentacion song)">
Before I Close My Eyes (XXXTentacion song)


</doc>
<doc id="56824089" url="?curid=56824089" title="Massachusetts Consumers Coalition">
Massachusetts Consumers Coalition


</doc>
<doc id="56824091" url="?curid=56824091" title="Eureka Club-Farr's Point">
Eureka Club-Farr's Point

Eureka Club-Farr's Point is a resort cottage on the southern end of Wilmington Island, Georgia. It overlooks the marshes of the Wilmington River on the west and Sheepsheads Creek (maybe a branch of Halfmoon River) on the east. It was built in 1891 for seasonal use as a club and was later used as a private vacation house. 
The one-story main house is L-shaped and has been expanded over the years. It is raised on cedar posts. The two chimneys have corbel caps.
The property includes a small pump house with a cylindrical water tank on a platform.

</doc>
<doc id="56824100" url="?curid=56824100" title="E. J. Milner-Gulland">
E. J. Milner-Gulland

Eleanor Jane Milner-Gulland (born 3 June 1967) is the Tasso Leventis Professor of Biodiversity at the University of Oxford and director of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Conservation Science. She is particularly known for her work on Saiga Antelope.
Early life and education.
Milner-Gulland was born on 3 June 1967 in Cuckfield. Her father is Robin Milner-Gulland. She completed her undergraduate education at New College, Oxford in pure and applied biology. She then went to Imperial College to complete a PhD in conservation biology supervised by John Beddington. Her thesis was entitled "The exploitation of certain large mammals for trade : the implications for management" which she submitted in 1991.
Career.
After completing her PhD degree, Milner-Gulland became a junior research fellow at New College, Oxford. In 1994, she became a lecturer in mathematical ecology at the University of Warwick. In 1998, she moved back to Imperial College, where she stayed until 2015. In 2007, she was appointed Professor of Conservation Science. In 2006, she founded the Saiga Conservation Alliance. In 2015 she became the Tasso Leventis Professor of Biodiversity at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Merton College. In 2019 she became an official fellow of Parks College. 
In 2015, Milner-Gulland also became a Pew Fellow of Marine Conservation. She is a trustee of the UK WWF. She is also a trustee of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust.
Milner-Gulland has been an Official Fellow and Theme Lead for Environmental Change at Reuben College, a graduate college at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="56824105" url="?curid=56824105" title="Heinrich Scheller">
Heinrich Scheller


</doc>
<doc id="56824108" url="?curid=56824108" title="Mongol raid on Meissen, Germany">
Mongol raid on Meissen, Germany


</doc>
<doc id="56824110" url="?curid=56824110" title="Farm to Market Road 3030">
Farm to Market Road 3030


</doc>
<doc id="56824113" url="?curid=56824113" title="Herbert Lang (basketball)">
Herbert Lang (basketball)


</doc>
<doc id="56824123" url="?curid=56824123" title="Farm to Market Road 3031">
Farm to Market Road 3031


</doc>
<doc id="56824127" url="?curid=56824127" title="Spoelman">
Spoelman


</doc>
<doc id="56824129" url="?curid=56824129" title="Farm to Market Road 3032">
Farm to Market Road 3032


</doc>
<doc id="56824134" url="?curid=56824134" title="Fraga Iribarne">
Fraga Iribarne


</doc>
<doc id="56824139" url="?curid=56824139" title="Farm to Market Road 3033">
Farm to Market Road 3033


</doc>
<doc id="56824143" url="?curid=56824143" title="Alice Kahokuoluna">
Alice Kahokuoluna

Alice Lillian Rosehill Kahokuoluna (February 20, 1888 – March 14, 1957) was a Congregational minister of Native Hawaiian ancestry. In her time and place, she was the first woman ordained by the Hawaiian Evangelical Association, and the only woman Christian minister in the Territory of Hawaii. Her pastorate was primarily on the Islands of Maui and Molokai, where she helped restore the Siloama Church. Her childhood and young adult church life had been at Kawaiahaʻo Church in Honolulu, and the board of directors of that church later offered her the position of Kahu (pastor).
Background.
She was born in Honolulu, the Kingdom of Hawaii, to Native Hawaiian mother Kuhilani Awai Kanaina (1861–1930), and Swedish sea captain father Andrew A. Rosehill (1851–1913) . Her siblings were sisters Minnie, Inez, Emma, and brothers Edward, Joseph, Francis and William. A stepbrother Frederick was from her mother's first marriage. Educated at Kaahumanu Elementary and Kawaiahao Seminary for Girls, she was employed as a book binder at the Advertiser Publishing Company in Honolulu when she met Maui sheriff Peter Noa Kahokuoluna. They were married in 1912 in the home of Kahu (pastor) Henry Hodges Parker of Kawaiahaʻo Church.
Call to the ministry.
The Kahokuolunas were devout Christians, who kept their ties to Kawaiahaʻo Church in Honolulu. Encouraged by the church kahu Akaiko Akana, Alice attended Auburn Theological Seminary and Andover Newton Theological School. She was called in 1923 to shepherd Wananalua Congregational Church in Hana, Maui. Advocating the church as a positive factor in the community, Kahokuoluna encouraged congregational involvement in local sports activities, scouting, music and other social outlets. Although she was a licensed minister, she had never been ordained. At the request of the congregants, the Hawaiian Evangelical Association officially ordained her into the ministry in 1925, the first woman the organization had ever admitted into the clergy. She became pastor of Wainee Church that same year. Her husband Peter died in 1926 after a lengthy illness. When Akana died in 1933, the board of trustees of Kawaiahaʻo Church offered the position to Alice, noting that she was the only ordained woman Christian minister in Hawaii, but she did not accept the position. On December 1, 1933, Kawaiahao held a year-end "Praise Service", with Alice delivering a Hawaiian language sermon.
The Siloama Church body of Christians had been formed at Kalawao, Molokai in 1866, by exiled people afflicted with leprosy. The Hawaiian Board of Missions erected the actual building in 1871. Over the years, the building fell into disrepair, and Congregationalists erected Kanaana Hou, the Church of New Canaan, at a different Molokai location in 1915. In 1938, Alice accepted a call to be pastor of the Siloama-Kanaana Hou churches, and spearheaded a drive to raise funds and restore the old Siloama Church. While searching through the abandoned ruins, Alice and Floyd McHenry, a naturalist affiliated with the Bishop Museum, discovered a vault beneath its foundation. Therein, they found its original 1866 record book. That discovery inspired Hawaiian historian Ethel Moseley Damon to write a book on history of the church. Japan's 1941 Attack on Pearl Harbor, and the United States entry into World War II, caused a shortage of needed building supplies for the restoration effort. However, the efforts continued, and the restored Siloama was re-dedicated in 1948. Thereafter the congregants of Kanaana Hou Church worshiped at Siloama one Sunday each month.
Final years.
Her efforts at Molokai drew support from other churches and individuals in Hawaii. The choir she had organized participated in a congregational convention in 1951.
She never remarried or had any children of her own. For all her years of being in service to leprosy patients, she never contracted the disease herself. But by the end of her life, she was known as "Mother Alice" on Molokai for her selfless caring of others. No one who needed her was turned away, no matter the hour of the day or night. She was said to be "a Hawaiian of quiet distinction, a vigorous, understanding woman of conviction and courage, but with a saving smile in her eyes ... " Upon her 1957 death of cancer, a bronze plaque was created by Kanaana Hou Church to commemorate her life's service.

</doc>
<doc id="56824148" url="?curid=56824148" title="Farm to Market Road 3035">
Farm to Market Road 3035


</doc>
<doc id="56824154" url="?curid=56824154" title="Pterry Pratchett">
Pterry Pratchett


</doc>
<doc id="56824159" url="?curid=56824159" title="Saweetie">
Saweetie

Diamonté Quiava Valentin Harper (born July 2, 1994), known professionally as Saweetie (), is an American rapper. After the release of her debut single "Icy Grl", which earned an RIAA platinum certification, she was signed to Warner Records and her then manager Max Gousse's record label Artistry Worldwide.
She released her debut extended play, "High Maintenance" on March 16, 2018. Her second EP, "Icy" was released in March 2019 and spawned the top 40 single "My Type". Her debut album, "Pretty Bitch Music" is scheduled to be released in 2021 and was preceded by the singles "Tap In" and "Best Friend" (featuring Doja Cat), both of which reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Early life and education.
Diamonté Quiava Valentin Harper was born on July 2, 1993, in Santa Clara, California, to Trinidad Valentin, who is Filipina Chinese and Johnny Harper, who is African American. She grew up in the Central Valley, attending Merrill F. West High School in Tracy and graduating from Monterey Trail High School in Elk Grove. She began writing music at age 13. After high school, she went on to attend San Diego State University, where she studied communications and business before transferring to the University of Southern California, where she completed her degree and received a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in communications with an emphasis in business. After graduating, she began to focus on her rap career.
Career.
2016–2018: "High Maintenance".
Saweetie began posting short raps on her Instagram account in 2016. One video featured her rapping over the beat from Khia's "My Neck, My Back (Lick It)", which would eventually turn into "Icy Grl". The song was released on her SoundCloud in the summer of 2017 and brought her to the attention of Max Gousse, a well-known producer and A&amp;R executive, who became her manager. The video for the song went viral on the Internet and went on to accrue 100 million views on YouTube as of June 2020.
To follow that up, Saweetie released in that same month a freestyle rap called "High Maintenance" accompanied by a short clip of herself rapping a verse to the song, all while chilling in her kitchen. It would go viral on Instagram and Twitter as well. In October 2017, she released a video for her song, "Focus", which samples DRAM's "Gilligan".In January 2018, she was named Tidal's Artist of the Week and one of "Pigeons &amp; Planes"' Best New Artists of the Month. During Super Bowl LII in February 2018, she was featured in an ad for Rihanna's cosmetic company, Fenty Beauty. That month, she signed to Warner Bros. Records (since May 2019 Warner Records) and her manager Max Gousse's record label Artistry Worldwide.
In February 2018, Saweetie launched her own record label, called Icy Records.
Saweetie released her major label debut EP, "High Maintenance", on March 16, 2018. It is composed of nine tracks and was produced by CashMoneyAP, Nyrell and Saweetie's cousin, Zaytoven. The single, "Icy Girl" was certified Gold in June 2018, for sales of 500,000 in the US. In September 2019, the single was certified RIAA multi-platinum and reached #1 on Billboard’s rhythmic songs airplay chart.
2019–2020: "Icy" and Other Ventures.
Saweetie released her second major label EP, "Icy", on March 29, 2019. The EP's first single, "My Type", written by Saweetie and produced by London on da Track, samples "Freek-a-Leek" by Petey Pablo. Debuting on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 81, It was the first song of Saweetie's to enter the Hot 100. "My Type" later peaked at number 21, becoming Saweetie's first top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100. A remix of the song featuring Jhené Aiko and City Girls was released on August 23, 2019. In September 2019, "My Type" hit number 1 on the Rhythmic Radio charts and was later certified double platinum in the United States.
Saweetie collaborated with PrettyLittleThing to launch a 59-piece clothing collection, PrettyLittleThing x Saweetie, in September 2019. She said the theme of the capsule was "a boujie rich girl enjoying the finer things in life. I want to show the boys and girls that if you hustle hard your work will pay off." It debuted during New York Fashion Week. Saweetie appeared on "" as a guest performer, where she performed her single, "My Type" which aired on VH1 on January 28, 2020.
2020–present: "Pretty Bitch Music".
Saweetie released the lead single, "Tap In", from her upcoming debut album titled "Pretty Bitch Music" on June 20, 2020. The single peaked at number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 becoming her first Top 20 single and became her first song to enter the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 38. In September 2020, the single reached number one on Mediabase’s Urban Radio Chart as well as the Billboard x Triller US and Global charts. The track was Saweetie's second single to reach Billboard’s Hot 100. In August 2020, Saweetie released a remix of the single, titled "Tap In Remix", that featured rappers Post Malone, DaBaby and Jack Harlow. This was followed by the promotional single, "Pretty Bitch Freestyle", on July 2, 2020.
On July 31, 2020, Saweetie appeared alongside American rapper Tay Money on the song "Bussin 2.0", with a music video premiering the same day. On August 6, 2020, Saweetie was featured on Ava Max's song, "Kings &amp; Queens, Pt. 2", alongside Lauv. On October 23, 2020, she released "Back to the Streets" featuring Jhené Aiko, which serves as the second single from "Pretty Bitch Music". The album's third single, "Best Friend" featuring Doja Cat, was released on January 7, 2021. The full album is expected to be released in 2021.
In 2020, Saweetie was added to Forbes’ 30 Under 30 Music list and Variety’s Hitmakers Impact list. In March 2020, Saweetie embarked on her first beauty collaboration by becoming the face of the KISS Colors edge fixer glue in the Edge Fixer Glued x Saweetie collection. In October 2020, she launched her own virtual educational content series, called Icy University.
As of March 2021, Saweetie has also launched a jewelry line, a capsule clothing collection (partnering with retailer PrettyLittleThing), and a co-branded makeup collection with cosmetics retailer Morphe. Her other brand partnerships include her February 2021 Essenchills collection with Sinful Colors, and McDonald's for the Saweetie Meal in August 2021 Saweetie also expanded her appearances by hosting Culture Con 2021 for creatives of color and making her television acting debut as the character Indigo in 3 episodes of "Grown-ish".
In April 2021, Saweetie released the extended play, "". The EP was supported by the singles "Risky" featuring American rapper Drakeo the Ruler and "Talkin' Bout" by Loui featuring Saweetie. On April 30, 2021, Saweetie collaborated with British girlgroup Little Mix to be featured on the remix version of their song "Confetti" with a music video being released the same day. The song has thus far peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart in Little Mix's native United Kingdom. On May 7, 2021, Saweetie released "Fast (Motion)" as the fourth single from "Pretty Bitch Music".
Personal life.
Saweetie began dating American rapper Quavo of Migos in September 2018. They were first seen together during New York Fashion Week. On March 19, 2021, Saweetie confirmed via social media that she and Quavo are no longer together. Rumors of their eventual breakup started circling around earlier in the month, when the two unfollowed each other on Instagram. Saweetie also mentioned on social media that Quavo was unfaithful. She wrote, "Presents don't band aid scars and the love isn't real when the intimacy is given to other women." In late March, video footage surfaced showing the pair in a physical altercation that allegedly happened in 2020.
She is the first cousin once removed of actress Gabrielle Union. Her grandfather, Willie Harper, played football for the San Francisco 49ers.

</doc>
<doc id="56824166" url="?curid=56824166" title="Vision (McCoy Tyner song)">
Vision (McCoy Tyner song)

Vision is a jazz instrumental composed by McCoy Tyner which first appeared on Tyner's 1969 album "Expansions". It was the signature tune for guitarist Lenny Breau who recorded it several times, including on his albums "The Legendary Lenny Breau... Now!", "Live at Bourbon St.", and "The Living Room Tapes, Vol. 2".

</doc>
<doc id="56824167" url="?curid=56824167" title="Lucas Pires">
Lucas Pires


</doc>
<doc id="56824179" url="?curid=56824179" title="Buccinum pediculare">
Buccinum pediculare


</doc>
<doc id="56824180" url="?curid=56824180" title="Farm to Market Road 3036">
Farm to Market Road 3036


</doc>
<doc id="56824190" url="?curid=56824190" title="Farm to Market Road 3037">
Farm to Market Road 3037


</doc>
<doc id="56824194" url="?curid=56824194" title="Lethal synthesis">
Lethal synthesis

Lethal synthesis, or suicide metabolism, is the biosynthesis of a toxin from a precursor which is not itself toxic, such as the synthesis of fluorocitrate from fluoroacetate or the synthesis of methylglyoxal from glycerol.&lt;ref name="“Lethal Synthesis” of Fluorocitrate by Citrate Synthase Explained through QM/MM Modeling"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
The term was first publicised by Rudolph Peters in his Croonian Lecture of 1951.
Lethal Synthesis of Methylglyoxal.
A 1971 study published by the Harvard Medical School identified methylglyoxal, a form of glycerol, as a product of lethal synthesis in a specific "E.coli" mutant. In "E.coli," the synthesis of triose phosphate from glycerol is a reaction regulated by the synthesis rate of glycerol kinase and by feedback inhibition by fructose-1,6-bisphosphate. The study demonstrated that, in "E.coli" mutants that had lost both control mechanisms, glycerol kinase no longer reacted to feedback regulation and instead produced the cytotoxic methylglyoxal. A more recent review of research done on methylglyoxal metabolism concluded that the compound's cytotoxic nature is dependent on its ability to form advanced glycation end products (AGEs). These compounds, which are thought to be factors in ageing and in the progression of degenerative diseases, have been shown to hinder the functions of the proteins they target.

</doc>
<doc id="56824202" url="?curid=56824202" title="Estelline Bandstand and Gazebo Park">
Estelline Bandstand and Gazebo Park

The Estelline Bandstand and Gazebo Park, at 105 N. Main in Estelline, South Dakota, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
The Estelline Bandstand, now known as the Estelline Gazebo, is within Gazebo Park, and was built in 1927.
It is built of white concrete and beadboard, and has eight octagonal pillars supporting its roof. There are eleven balusters between each of seven pairs of pillars; six steps descend between the last pairing.

</doc>
<doc id="56824207" url="?curid=56824207" title="Farm to Market Road 3038">
Farm to Market Road 3038


</doc>
<doc id="56824217" url="?curid=56824217" title="Farm to Market Road 3039">
Farm to Market Road 3039


</doc>
<doc id="56824227" url="?curid=56824227" title="Paul Mateciuc">
Paul Mateciuc

Paul Cristian Mateciuc (born 28 May 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bucovina Rădăuți. Mateciuc made his Liga I debut on 27 May 2015 for Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț in a 0-2 defeat against Universitatea Cluj. He also played for teams such as: FC Zalău or Știința Miroslava.

</doc>
<doc id="56824235" url="?curid=56824235" title="The Titan Games">
The Titan Games

The Titan Games is an American sports competition reality series which aired on NBC from January 3, 2019 to August 10, 2020. Hosted by Dwayne Johnson, the show features people from across America competing in endurance-based mental and physical challenges of "epic proportions" for the title of Titan. The series is loosely based on Greek mythology. Titans are an important part of each season. It was produced by Arthur Smith's company A. Smith &amp; Co. in association with the Universal Television Alternative Studio. At the end of the season, Titans will compete to "become the last male and female standing." The show is marketed with the tagline "Titans aren't born, They're Made."
On September 16, 2019, NBC renewed the series for a second season, which premiered on May 25, 2020.
Development.
When announced by NBC in February 2018, the press release claimed it would be similar to NBC's 2008 remake of "American Gladiators" where contenders try to defeat an existing Titan, but this is not the case; newly-victorious Titans try to defend their titles in future episodes.
Competition obstacles were inspired by Johnson's personal workouts.
Format.
Season One.
In each episode, four male and four female contestants compete to be named Titans. In each of four preliminary heats, two men or two women compete head-to-head; the two male winners and two female winners then compete on an obstacle course named Mount Olympus. However, the loser would take the winners' place if the winner suffers an injury and retires after winning the preliminary race.
One male and one female Titan were crowned, winning $100,000 each.
Season Two.
The United States is divided into three regions: East, West, and Central. In the regional rounds, two male and two female contestants from that region compete in two preliminary heats (three if tied), and the one male winner and one female winner race on Mount Olympus side-by-side against Johnson's handpicked Pro Titans:
If a contestant beats the Pro Titan in their Mount Olympus race, they take their place as the Titan of their gender and region and defend their title in subsequent episodes' Mount Olympus race, as the Pro Titan did. 
In the regional finals, defeated Titans and contestants who lost Mount Olympus races return to compete in single elimination events. The final contestant runs Mount Olympus against the defending Titan for the regional championship.
The three men and three women who win their regional championships compete in the finale.
Preliminary Events.
Introduced in Season 2.
In season two, Herculean Pull and Lunar Impact also returned as events, with Herculean Pull serving as the tiebreaker event for best-of-three contests.
Mount Olympus.
In season one, competitors had to overcome a total of seven obstacles:
The first contestant to place the relic into his or her pedestal, and turn it like a key, so the T-sign logo faces the camera, is declared a Titan.
In the Championship, the weight of the initial wall was increased to 1,200 pounds, and the ball-and-chain weight was increased to 350 pounds for the men and 300 pounds for the women. Also, to access the ball-and-chain, they had to pull on horizontal chains to lift a 500-pound cage.
For season two, the obstacles were updated:
Contestants were still required to deliver the Titan seal to a pedestal, place, and turn it for their final time.
Season 1.
Contestants.
Except where noted, source for all names, ages, hometowns, current residences, and occupations:
Season 2.
Contestants.
Except where noted, source for all names, ages, hometowns, current residences, and occupations:
Ratings.
Season 2.
On September 16, 2019, NBC renewed the series for a second season. Dwayne Johnson stated that season two would have a new arena, new challenges, and new competitors. It premiered on May 25, 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56824236" url="?curid=56824236" title="Little Fires Everywhere (miniseries)">
Little Fires Everywhere (miniseries)

Little Fires Everywhere is an American drama streaming television miniseries, based on the 2017 novel of the same name by Celeste Ng. It premiered on Hulu on March 18, 2020 and consists of eight episodes. The series stars Reese Witherspoon and Kerry Washington, both of whom were also executive producers, alongside Liz Tigelaar, Lauren Neustadter, and Pilar Savone. Set in the Cleveland suburb of Shaker Heights, Ohio during the late 1990s, it features Witherspoon and Washington as mothers from different socioeconomic backgrounds.
Premise.
"Little Fires Everywhere" follows "the intertwined fates of the picture-perfect Richardson family and an enigmatic mother and daughter who upend their lives. The story explores the weight of secrets, the nature of art and identity, the ferocious pull of motherhood – and the danger in believing that following the rules can avert disaster."
Production.
Development.
The book was discovered by Reese Witherspoon and Lauren Neustadter before it was published. Witherspoon went on to choose the book as her September 2017 book club pick and soon after it was published it became a bestseller. Witherspoon then brought the book to Kerry Washington, and together the pair approached Liz Tigelaar to adapt and showrun the novel as a limited series. The project began its development at ABC Signature, the cable/streaming division of ABC Studios where Witherspoon's Hello Sunshine has a network-only deal and Washington's Simpson Street has an overall deal.
On March 2, 2018, the production was officially announced but a network had yet to be determined. The series was set to be written and showrun by Tigelaar who will also executive produce alongside Witherspoon, Washington, Lauren Neustadter, and Pilar Savone. The author of the novel, Ng, would act as producer. Production companies involved in the series included Hello Sunshine, Simpson Street, ABC Signature Studios. On March 12, 2018, Hulu gave the production an eight episode order. This series order came after a multiple-outlet bidding war involving various networks and streaming services.
In April 2019, Lynn Shelton was chosen to direct the series and serve as an executive producer. Shelton died of a blood disorder shortly after the final episode of the series aired. 
Casting.
Alongside the initial series announcement, it was reported that in addition to executive producing the series Reese Witherspoon and Kerry Washington had been cast in the series' lead roles. In April 2019, Rosemarie DeWitt, Jade Pettyjohn, Jordan Elsass, Gavin Lewis, Megan Stott and Lexi Underwood
joined the cast of the series. In May 2019, Joshua Jackson also joined the cast as the husband of Witherspoon's character. In June 2019, Paul Yen, Huang Lu, and Geoff Stults had been cast in recurring roles. In July 2019, Jaime Ray Newman joined the cast in a recurring role. In September 2019, Obba Babatundé and Byron Mann were cast in recurring capacities, with AnnaSophia Robb, Tiffany Boone, Alona Tal, Matthew Barnes, Andy Favreau, Luke Bracey, and Anika Noni Rose cast in guest roles. In October 2019, Jesse Williams, Britt Robertson, Kristoffer Polaha, Austin Basis and Reggie Austin joined the cast of the series, in recurring capacities; however, Polaha and Austin were not credited in the series.
Filming.
Principal photography took place in Los Angeles, California and ran from May 31 to October 23, 2019. The exterior of the Warren home is located in Pasadena, with the exterior of the Richardson home in Hancock Park.
Music.
The score was composed by Mark Isham and Florence &amp; the Machine keyboardist Isabella Summers. The series' official soundtrack was released on April 17, 2020 by Hollywood Records and featured cover songs recorded for the drama and performed by Judith Hill, BELLSAINT, Ruby Amanfu, Lauren Ruth Ward and an original song written by Ingrid Michaelson. 
Release.
"Little Fires Everywhere" premiered on March 18, 2020 on Hulu. Hulu's corporate sibling Disney+ Hotstar premiered the series in India concurrent with US telecast. Internationally, the series premiered on Amazon Prime Video in Europe, Latin America, Canada and Australia on May 22, 2020.
Reception.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the series holds an approval rating of 78% based on 78 reviews, with an average rating of 7.09/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Though "Little Fires Everywhere" at times plays it too safe, sparks fly when it lets well-matched leads Kerry Washington and Reese Witherspoon dig into the difficult questions it does dare to ask." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 69 out of 100, based on 32 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
According to Hulu, in its first 60 days online "Little Fires Everywhere" was the most-watched drama ever on the streaming service.

</doc>
<doc id="56824243" url="?curid=56824243" title="Dunabourg">
Dunabourg


</doc>
<doc id="56824247" url="?curid=56824247" title="Nassa renovata">
Nassa renovata


</doc>
<doc id="56824252" url="?curid=56824252" title="SA Weekender">
SA Weekender

SA Weekender is a travel, culture and lifestyle show featuring destinations throughout South Australia. The series first screened in 2017, replacing a similar series called "SA Life" and airs on Sundays at 5:30pm on the Seven Network in South Australia. 
The program visits a range locations in South Australia and looks at accommodation, dining and entertainment. In November 2019, the Seven Network announced the show had been axed with final episodes screening in 2020. However it since returned for a range of special episodes from February to September 2020 screening locally and nationally across the Seven Network.
SA Weekender has since returned for a full 2021 series exploring the best attractions, experiences and destinations across South Australia. All episodes are available to stream anytime on 7plus.

</doc>
<doc id="56824253" url="?curid=56824253" title="Dünabourg">
Dünabourg


</doc>
<doc id="56824302" url="?curid=56824302" title="SS George Spencer">
SS George Spencer

The George Spencer was a wooden lake freighter that sank on along with her schooner barge "Amboy" on Lake Superior, near Thomasville, Cook County, Minnesota in the Mataafa Storm of 1905. On April 14, 1994, the wrecks of the "Spencer" and the "Amboy" were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The "George Spencer" (Official number 85849) was built in 1884 by the Thomas Quayle &amp; Sons Shipyard in Cleveland, Ohio. She was built for Thomas Wilson of Cleveland, Ohio. She had an overall length of , she was long between her perpendiculars, her beam was wide and her cargo hold was deep. She was powered by a 625-horsepower fore and aft compound engine which was fueled by a coal burning Scotch marine boiler. She had a gross tonnage of 1360.75 tons and a net tonnage of 1082.79 tons. She was used to haul bulk cargoes such as iron ore, coal and grain. She was also one of the first vessels to load iron ore in Two Harbors, Minnesota when the port opened in 1884.
In 1888 the "Spencer" was sold to B.L. Pennington (Lockwood Taylor &amp; Company). In 1889 the "Spencer" was transferred Lockwood Taylor Hardware Company (2/3) and B. F. Powers (1/3). On 8 August, 1894 she rescued the crew of the steamer from lifeboats after their ship burned in Lake Superior the night before. In 1895 she was transferred to the Commercial Transit Company. In 1899 the "Spencer" was sold to the Tonawanda Iron &amp; Steel Company of Tonawanda, New York. On September 9, 1901, the "Spencer" was sailing down the west channel of the Niagara River when she grounded at the head of Little Island. When she was freed she was towed by the tugs that freed her to a dock. The 1,400 tons of iron ore that was in the "Spencer" cargo hold was consigned to the Tonawanda Iron &amp; Steel Plant. The "Spencer"'s grounding was caused by low water levels in the river.
Final voyage.
On the day of November 28, 1905 the "Spencer" and the "Amboy" were bound from Buffalo, New York for Duluth, Minnesota with a cargo of coal when they were struck by the full force of the Mataafa Storm. After the storm blew itself out it was discovered that 18 ships were wrecked or stranded; and one, the steamer "Ira H. Owen" was lost with all hands. The crew of the "Spencer" cut the line between her and the "Amboy" in an attempt to save both of the ships. Both vessels were driven ashore. The crew of the ships escaped the vessels with a breeches' buoy which was rigged up by some nearby fishermen. A December 1, 1905 issue of the Duluth Evening Herald described the wreck of the "Spencer" and the "Amboy":
Both boats lost their bearings in the snowstorm and landed on a sandy beach. As soon as they struck, buoys with lines were thrown over the side. When they floated ashore they were caught by fishermen and made fast. With an improvised life buoy rigged in the hawsers the entire crew were taken safely to shore preceded by Mrs. Harry Lawe, wife of the mate, who was acting as steward. The vessels ran on the rocks Tuesday morning, and for thirteen hours the situation of the crew on the battered hulks was desperate. Fishermen rushed into the surf almost to their necks and aided the sailors to escape. The "Spencer" cargo can be lightered but there is little hope for saving the boat. The vessels were coming up without cargo to load ore. Capt. Frank Conland sailed the Spencer and Fred Watson was master of the "Amboy". The "Spencer" was valued at $35,000 and the "Amboy" at $10,000.
A December 6, 1905 issue of the Duluth News Tribune wrote about the assessment of the wrecks:
Captain C.O. Flynn returned last evening from an inspection of the stranded steamer "George Spencer" and schooner "Amboy". He said "the schooner "Amboy" is a total wreck ... the steamer "Spencer" is still in good shape. Her hatches are intact, and she does not appear to be seriously damaged. As to the condition of her bottom that cannot be told at present.
The "George Spencer" today.
The remains of the "George Spencer" lies off the beach and about one mile south of Sugar Loaf Cove, the quarter mile long stretch of beach is crescent shaped and blends from the large cobbles on the north to the sand on the south section of the beach. Even though much of her hull was removed there are still large bits of her hull on the site. Her wreck is a lot more intact than that of the "Amboy". The wreckage of the "Spencer" consists of a long section of the base of her wooden hull from the turn of the bilge down. Her hull lies perpendicular to the beach. A piece of her hull, possibly the bow lies in of water and about from the beach. Her stern lies in .

</doc>
<doc id="56824318" url="?curid=56824318" title="Robert Geantă">
Robert Geantă

Robert Mihai Geantă (born 7 April 1997) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for CSM Focșani. Geantă also played for Italian side Altamura and in the Liga III for Înainte Modelu.

</doc>
<doc id="56824330" url="?curid=56824330" title="Suicide metabolism">
Suicide metabolism


</doc>
<doc id="56824396" url="?curid=56824396" title="Jo-Anne Polak">
Jo-Anne Polak

Jo-Anne Polak (born 1959) was the general manager of the Ottawa Rough Riders from 1989 to 1991. Upon her appointment, Polak became the first woman executive in the Canadian Football League and the first woman general manager to lead a North American sports team. After leaving the Rough Riders, Polak became the Vice President of Communications for Canada Post in 2011.
Early life and education.
In 1959, Polak was born in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador and grew up in Barrie, Ontario. When Polak was in school, she joined the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada's youth group. Polak attended the University of Waterloo in the environmental studies program.
Career.
As an adult, Polak continued to remain with the Progressive Conservatives and worked for Member of Parliament Susan Fish and Phil Gillies. She also was a campaign organizer for John Crosbie in 1983 and Larry Grossman in 1985. During her political career, Polak became an account manager for an Ottawa public relations company in 1984. While in public relations, Polak joined the Ottawa Rough Riders in 1987.
For the Rough Riders, Polak was initially named business manager in December 1988, and became a co-general manager alongside Steve Goldman later that month. As general manager, Polak became the first woman to hold an executive role in the Canadian Football League and the first woman general manager of a North American sports team. She held the position of general manager until stepping down in November 1991.
After leaving the Rough Riders, Polak was briefly a radio host from 1992 to 1993 before working at Hill &amp; Knowlton Canada as the company's vice president until 2007. Polak went on to work in communications at Canada Post as general manager in 2008 before her promotion to vice president of communications in 2011.
Personal life.
Polak is married with two step-children.

</doc>
<doc id="56824405" url="?curid=56824405" title="2018 Toyota Owners 400">
2018 Toyota Owners 400

The 2018 Toyota Owners 400 was a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held on April 21, 2018, at Richmond Raceway in Richmond, Virginia. Contested over 402 laps -- extended from 400 laps due to an overtime finish, on the 0.75 mile (1.2 km) asphalt short track, it was the ninth race of the 2018 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series season.
Report.
Background.
Richmond Raceway is a 3/4-mile (1.2 km), "D"-shaped, asphalt race track located just outside Richmond, Virginia in Henrico County. It hosts the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series and Xfinity Series. Known as "America's premier short track", it formerly hosted a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race, an IndyCar Series race, and two USAC sprint car races.
Practice.
First practice.
Chase Elliott was the fastest in the first practice session with a time of 22.254 seconds and a speed of .
Final practice.
Kyle Larson was the fastest in the final practice session with a time of 22.441 seconds and a speed of .
Qualifying.
Martin Truex Jr. scored the pole for the race with a time of 21.799 and a speed of .
Race.
First stage.
Martin Truex Jr. led the field to the green flag at 6:44 p.m., Truex, the reigning series champion, and Elliott started on the front row. It was the third pole of the year for Truex and the best starting spot of the season for Elliott. Joey Logano took the lead from Truex and Logano won the opening stage after leading 62 of the first 100 laps. Almirola was second followed by Kurt Busch, William Byron, Bowyer, Kyle Busch, Chase Elliott, Austin Dillon, Truex and Harvick and the first caution flew for the conclusion of the first stage
Second stage.
The race resumed on lap 102, There were two lead changes at the start of the second stage, Joey Logano, who won this race one year ago before being hit with a major penalty that prevented him from using the victory to qualify for the 2017 playoffs, won the second stage after also taking the first. Both stages went caution free. Following Logano, were three Stewart-Haas Racing drivers: Clint Bowyer, Aric Almirola and Kurt Busch. William Byron was fifth, Kyle Busch sixth and Ryan Newman seventh. Brad Keselowski, Martin Truex Jr. and Kevin Harvick rounded out the top 10, and caution flew for the second time for conclusion of the second stage.
Final stage.
Back to green on lap 213, Other than cautions for the stage breaks, the yellow flagged remained out of sight through 350 of 400 laps.
Caution flew for the third time when Ricky Stenhouse Jr. made contact with Ryan Blaney and collected Cole Whitt in turn 4. Brad Keselowski made a narrow escape, squeezing past and nearly grazing the inside wall that borders pit road.
The race resumed on lap 362, and caution #4 flew seven laps later for contact between Kurt Busch and Jamie McMurray in turn two caused Ryan Newman to run into the back of McMurray coming off of turn two, which ended up causing Newman’s car to start smoking, McMurray was able to make repairs on pit road and remain in the race, one lap down.
Back to green on lap 379 and the fifth caution of the race flew when avid Ragan spun in turn three, and Kyle Larson won the free pass under the caution.
The race went back under green on lap 398 and the sixth caution of the race flew for debris in turn 3 after Ricky Stenhouse Jr. spun in the wall, sending the race into overtime. 
Overtime.
The race resumed on lap 400 for a two-lap NASCAR Overtime, Kyle Busch, who started from the 32nd spot, worked his way to the front early on and went on to win his third consecutive race. 
Post-race.
"All these guys on this M&amp;Ms Camry team do a great job for me. I can't say enough about Adam Stevens and my guys on the pit crew tonight. They won this race for us," Busch said. "They got us off pit road first those last two times that we came down for tires and got us to where we needed to be."
Driver comments.
“It's definitely cool we’ve won three in a row. We did it a couple years ago and now I don't know if you can shoot for four in a row," he said. "It's hard to go to Talladega with that much of a winning streak and think that you can go to victory lane, but we’re going to go there anyway and give it a shot. . . . Our guys are amazing. They're awesome every week and I love racing with these guys and Joe Gibbs Racing."
Stage Results.
Stage 1
"Laps:" 100
Stage 2
"Laps:" 100
Final Stage Results.
Stage 3
"Laps:" 202
Stage Results.
Stage 1
"Laps:" 100
Stage 2
"Laps:" 100
Final Stage Results.
Stage 3
"Laps:" 202
Media.
Television.
Fox Sports covered their 18th race at the Richmond Raceway. Mike Joy, two-time Richmond winner Jeff Gordon and six-time Richmond winner Darrell Waltrip had the call in the booth for the race. Regan Smith, Vince Welch and Matt Yocum handled the pit road duties for the television side.
Radio.
MRN had the radio call for the race which was also simulcast on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio. Joe Moore, Jeff Striegle and six-time Richmond winner Rusty Wallace called the race in the booth when the field raced down the frontstretch. Mike Bagley called the race from a platform inside the backstretch when the field raced down the backstretch. Winston Kelley, Alex Hayden and Glenn Jarrett worked pit road for the radio side.

</doc>
<doc id="56824423" url="?curid=56824423" title="Eugene Burnstein">
Eugene Burnstein

Eugene Burnstein is an American social psychologist and professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts. He is also a senior research scientist emeritus at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research. He is known for his research on the cognitive bases of social influence and group decision-making.

</doc>
<doc id="56824430" url="?curid=56824430" title="Juliusz Czechowicz">
Juliusz Czechowicz

Juliusz Czechowicz (10 March 1894 – 29 March 1974) was a Polish painter, graphic artist and teacher known mainly as the author of portraits and landscapes.
Life.
He was the son of Karol Czechowicz and Kazimiera née Szanecka. He graduated from realschule in Stanisławów and in 1913 he entered the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków. He was the student of Wojciech Weiss (in whose studio he spent most of the time), Józef Pankiewicz and Stanisław Kamocki. In 1917 he received a bronze medal and a cash prize at the student end-year exhibition. He took part in open air conducted by Kamocki in Dobczyce, Ciężkowice, Wola Radziszowska, Krościenko and Zakopane. He completed his studies with a very good result in 1921. He participated in the exhibition of the Association of Polish Artists and Designers in Kraków in 1923, and in 1926 he took part in an exhibition at the Palace of Art in Kraków. He was a teacher of drawing and manual works in high schools. In 1932 he exhibited his works in Zakopane. In 1933, he started studying at the Paris branch of the Kraków Academy of Fine Arts. He exhibited twice in Paris in 1934. In 1938 he ran an individual exhibition in Chorzów. He exhibited again after the end of the Second World War, from 1948; participating together in around forty national and regional exhibitions. He was a member of conservative groups "Nurt" and Zachęta. He persisted in custom-made portraits (among others, pastel portraits of Adam and Irena Vetulani).
He was married to Maria Zamorska. For his pedagogical work he received Medal of the Decade of Independence (1929) and Brown Medal for Long Service (1938). He died in 1974 in Kraków. He was buried at the Rakowicki Cemetery. His works are, among others, in the collection of the Historical Museum in Bielsko-Biała; there is also a pastel portrait of Czechowicz by Witkacy from 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="56824431" url="?curid=56824431" title="Hendrick and Waldur Hendrickson Farm">
Hendrick and Waldur Hendrickson Farm

The Hendrick and Waldur Hendrickson Farm, on South Dakota Highway 28 near Lake Norden, South Dakota, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It has also been known as the Henry Lehtola Farm. the listing included six contributing buildings and a contributing structure.
The house existing in 1985 was the third on the property, built in 1895–1896. Preceding residences where a dugout and a sod house which were demolished. It is a one-and-a-half-story frame hall/parlor plan house.
The farm complex includes a sauna building with an attached chicken coop. This is covered in wood shingles and sits upon a stone foundation. It is long, with sauna portion wide and the shed addition approximately wide.

</doc>
<doc id="56824435" url="?curid=56824435" title="Dermott Daniel Downs">
Dermott Daniel Downs


</doc>
<doc id="56824452" url="?curid=56824452" title="Microcoded">
Microcoded


</doc>
<doc id="56824455" url="?curid=56824455" title="Andrei Sava">
Andrei Sava

Andrei Sava (born 7 May 1991) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Metaloglobus București. Sava made his Liga I debut on 20 February 2015 for Viitorul Constanța in a 0-3 defeat against Politehnica Iași. He also played in the Liga II for several teams: Progresul București, Știința Bacău, Otopeni, ACU Arad, Politehnica Timișoara or Juventus București and at Liga III for: Progresul Cernica and Viitorul Axintele.
International career.
Andrei Sava played in 6 matches for Romania U-19.

</doc>
<doc id="56824459" url="?curid=56824459" title="Hall/parlor plan">
Hall/parlor plan


</doc>
<doc id="56824460" url="?curid=56824460" title="Alishan Post Office">
Alishan Post Office

The Alishan Post Office () is a post office in Zhongzheng Village, Alishan Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan. It is the Chiayi branch 28 post office of Chunghwa Post.
Geography.
At an elevation of 2,274 meters above sea level, the building is the highest post office in Taiwan.
History.
The post office building was originally established on 1 April 1907.
Architecture.
The post office is a 3-story building built with traditional Chinese architectural style. The building exterior walls depict Alishan cultural symbols.

</doc>
<doc id="56824480" url="?curid=56824480" title="Roy C. Afflerbach">
Roy C. Afflerbach


</doc>
<doc id="56824482" url="?curid=56824482" title="Rosebery, Victoria">
Rosebery, Victoria

Rosebery is a locality in western Victoria, Australia. The locality is in the Shire of Yarriambiack local government area, west north west of the state capital, Melbourne on the Henty Highway. At the , Rosebery had a population of 5.
The town was named after Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery who was the British Prime Minister from 1894-1895.

</doc>
<doc id="56824491" url="?curid=56824491" title="Emanuel Morales">
Emanuel Morales

Emanuel David Morales (born 8 May 1987) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career.
Morales started his senior career in 2005 with CAI in Primera B Nacional, he remained with them until 2012 and made one hundred and thirty-four appearances whilst scoring three goals in the process. In his penultimate season, 2010–11, CAI were relegated to Torneo Argentino A. He subsequently spent 2011–12 out on loan with Primera B Nacional's Chacarita Juniors, making thirty-four appearances and scoring three times as Chacarita were relegated to Primera B Metropolitana; parent club CAI were also demoted from Torneo Argentino A to Torneo Argentino B. In July 2012, Chacarita signed Morales permanently.
He went on to score eight goals in ninety-two matches for Chacarita in three seasons in Primera B Metropolitana. The club were promoted back to Primera B Nacional for 2015, a season Morales spent out on loan with Argentine Primera División side Quilmes. He remained with Quilmes for the 2015 and 2016 campaigns, scoring one goal (versus Rosario Central) in sixteen games. On 30 September 2016, fellow Primera División team Huracán signed Morales. His debut arrived on 3 October during a win away against Atlético Tucumán. He featured once more for Huracán during the 2016–17 Primera División.
Morales left the club in August 2017 to join Los Andes on loan. However, he returned months later without featuring. His contract with Huracán initially ended on 30 June 2019, though was extended by a further twelve months due to Morales' health issues.
Personal life.
In June 2020, it was revealed that Morales had been diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). He initially noticed changes in his body as far back as June 2017, though was only formally diagnosed in March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56824512" url="?curid=56824512" title="Francis Goodwin">
Francis Goodwin

Francis Goodwin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824516" url="?curid=56824516" title="Hikimi Wasabi">
Hikimi Wasabi


</doc>
<doc id="56824525" url="?curid=56824525" title="MV Werften">
MV Werften

MV Werften is a Hong Kong–German shipbuilding company that operates three facilities in eastern Germany to construct cruise ships for parent company Genting Hong Kong.
As of August 2020, the business was closed. Operation had been suspended due to financial problems encountered by Genting HK because of the slowdown in the cruise ship industry caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The company was awaiting funds from Germany's Economic Stabilization Fund to reopen. Genting hoped to receive 570 million Euros.
History.
The company was originated in Genting Hong Kong's purchase in April 2016 of three shipyards from Nordic Yards, located in Wismar, Stralsund, and Rostock-Warnemünde. The yards were initially combined with Lloyd Werft, previously purchased by Genting, to form the Lloyd Werft Group, but in July 2016 the three eastern ex-Nordic yards were organized into MV Werften, headquartered in Wismar and led by Jarmo Laakso.
In August 2016, MV Werften's first newbuild vessels, two river cruise ships of the Rhine class named "Crystal Bach" and "Crystal Mahler", were laid down at the Wismar shipyard. In November, Genting Hong Kong publicized further plans for its shipbuilding plans at MV Werften—four river cruise vessels for Crystal Cruises under the Crystal River Cruises brand to be delivered in 2017 and 2018, followed by a 20,000 GT Endeavor class yacht annually for Crystal Yacht Cruises in 2019—2021, with Dream Cruises receiving a Global class cruise ship in 2020 and a sister ship the flowing year.&lt;ref name="ml 11/16"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; At full capacity post-2021, the three shipyards are planned to be able to build two vessels of both the Endeavor and Global classes annually.
The first Rhine class vessel, "Crystal Bach", was delivered in August 2017, followed by "Crystal Mahler" in September.
In January 2018, shipbuilding began at the Stralsund shipyard with a ceremony for the first steelcutting in the construction of "Crystal Endeavor", the first Endeavor class yacht. In March, construction of the first Global class ship began, with components to be built at both the Rostock and Wismar yards and the vessel assembled in Wismar.
In December 2019, Genting Hong Kong announced that MV Werften would build a new class of mid-size cruise ships, named the Universal class, which would measure 88,000 gross tons with a capacity for 2,000 passengers. The first ship of the class was scheduled for delivery in late 2022, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic MV Werften closed temporarily in March 2020, which delayed the expected deliveries of both Universal and Global class vessels. In July 2020, MV Werften received €175 million in financial aid from a consortium of commercial and state sources, which was expected to keep the shipyard solvent until an expected federal aid package of up to €570 million later in the year. In October, MV Werften received a €193 million loan from the German federal government's Economic Stabilisation Fund, which allowed for the resumption of work that month on "Crystal Endeavor", with a target of a March 2021 delivery, and "Global Dream".
Facilities.
MV Werften's largest shipyard is in Rostock, with of total space, of which is covered. When Genting Hong Kong purchased the yard, it had a single shipbuilding hall measuring long by wide, with an interior clearance of . In August 2017, construction began on a second hall, by by , to support construction of Global class ships by building large modules.
The Wismar shipyard is in size, of which is covered, and has a by by building hall. The Stralsund yard is , of which is covered, and has a by by building hall.

</doc>
<doc id="56824528" url="?curid=56824528" title="Three-striped lady-beetle">
Three-striped lady-beetle


</doc>
<doc id="56824540" url="?curid=56824540" title="Francis Goodwin (disambiguation)">
Francis Goodwin (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56824541" url="?curid=56824541" title="Köşklüçiftlik English School">
Köşklüçiftlik English School


</doc>
<doc id="56824559" url="?curid=56824559" title="Mellona M. Butterfield">
Mellona M. Butterfield


</doc>
<doc id="56824561" url="?curid=56824561" title="Employee of the Month (SpongeBob SquarePants video game)">
Employee of the Month (SpongeBob SquarePants video game)


</doc>
<doc id="56824562" url="?curid=56824562" title="Robert Gherghe">
Robert Gherghe

Robert Cristian Gherghe (born 5 May 1996) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for FC Brașov. In his career Gherghe also played for Olt Slatina, Metaloglobus București and second team of FC Voluntari.
International career.
Robert Gherghe played in 3 official matches for Romania U-19.

</doc>
<doc id="56824563" url="?curid=56824563" title="List of awards and nominations received by Residente">
List of awards and nominations received by Residente

Puerto Rican rapper Residente has won 39 awards from 74 nominations. He has been nominated for five Grammy Awards and 42 Latin Grammy Awards, winning four and 27 awards, respectively. Both Residente and his step-brother Eduardo Cabra "Visitante" hold the record of the most Latin Grammy Award wins with 24 each.
He began his music career as member of Puerto Rican group Calle 13 in 2004. The band's first album "Calle 13" (2005) garnered Latin Grammy Awards for Best Urban Music Album, Best New Artist, and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Atrévete-te-te". The album also received a nomination for a Billboard Latin Music Award for Reggaeton Album of the Year.
Their second album "Residente o Visitante" garnered them Latin Grammy Awards for Best Urban Music Album and Best Urban Song (for "Pa'l Norte"), and received nominations for Album of the Year and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Tango del Pecado"). The album also won a Grammy Award for Best Latin Urban Album.
Calle 13's third album "Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo" (2009) was recipient of Latin Grammy Awards for Album of the Year, Best Urban Music Album, Record of the Year and Best Alternative Song (for "No Hay Nadie Como Tú"), and Best Short Form Music Video (for "La Perla"). The record also garnered their second Grammy Award for Best Latin Urban Album.
Their fourth studio album "Entren Los Que Quieran" received Latin Grammy Awards for Album of the Year, Best Urban Music Album, Record of the Year and Song of the Year (for "Latinoamérica"), Best Alternative Song and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Calma Pueblo"), Best Urban Song (for "Baile de los Pobres"), Best Tropical Song (for "Vamo' a Portarnos Mal"), and Producer of the Year. After winning nine awards at the 12th Latin Grammy Awards, Calle 13 broke the record for most Latin Grammy wins in history with 19 awards, as well as the most wins in a single ceremony. The album also received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop, Rock or Urban Album.
The group's fifth and last album "Multi Viral" (2014) garnered Latin Grammy Awards for Best Urban Music Album, Best Alternative Song (for "El Aguante"), and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Ojos Color Sol"), and received nominations for Album of the Year, Record of the Year (for "Respira el Momento"), Song of the Year (for "Ojos Color Sol"), Best Urban Performance and Best Urban Song (for "Adentro"), and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Adentro" and "Así de Grandes Son Las ldeas"). The album also won a Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock, Urban or Alternative Album.
Residente's first album as soloist "Residente" (2017) garnered him Latin Grammy Awards for Best Urban Music Album and Best Urban Song (for "Somos Anormales"), and received nominations for Album of the Year, Record of the Year and Song of the Year (for "Guerra"), Best Urban Fusion/Performance (for "Dagombas en Tamale"), Best Alternative Song (for "Apocalíptico"), Best Tropical Song (for "Hijos del Cañaveral"), and Best Short Form Music Video (for "Desencuentro"). "Residente" also received a Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock, Urban or Alternative Album.
His social commitment, lyrics, and contribution to popular culture garnered Residente recognitions by Amnesty International, the Ateneo Puertorriqueño, the National University of La Plata, the Nobel Peace Laureates, and the Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI).
Amnesty International.
Amnesty International is a London-based non-governmental organization focused on human rights founded in 1961. Residente has received a special award for "his social commitment and identification with young people in Latin America."
!
!scope="row"|2012
Ateneo Puertorriqueño.
The Ateneo Puertorriqueño (Puerto Rican Athenaeum) is a Puerto Rican cultural institution founded in 1876. Calle 13 received the Ramón Emeterio Betances Medal in 2011 for "having fought for the permanence of the Puerto Rican identity and the freedom of the island."
!
!scope="row"|2011
"Billboard".
Billboard Latin Music Awards.
The "Billboard" Latin Music Awards are awarded annually by "Billboard" magazine in the United States since 1994. Calle 13 has received one award from five nominations.
!
!scope="row"|2007
!scope="row"|2009
!scope="row"|2010
!scope="row" rowspan="2"|2015
Broadcast Music, Inc. Latin Music Awards.
Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) annually hosts award shows that honor the songwriters, composers and music publishers of the year's most-performed songs in the BMI catalog. Residente has received a special award in 2018 for his "musical career and philanthropic efforts."
!
!scope="row"|2018
Cubadisco Awards.
The Cubadisco Awards are presented annually by the Cuban Music Institute in Cuba since 1996 during the Feria Internacional Cubadisco (Cubadisco International Fair), an annual event dedicated to debates between music theorists, creators, and executives. Residente has received two awards as Calle 13.
!
!scope="row"|2010
!scope="row"|2012
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) in the United States since 1959. Residente has received four awards from five nominations.
!
!scope="row"|2008
!scope="row"|2010
!scope="row"|2012
!scope="row"|2015
!scope="row"|2018
Latin Grammy Awards.
The Latin Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts &amp; Sciences in the United States since 2000. Residente has received 27 awards from 43 nominations. He ties the record for the most Latin Grammy Award wins with his step-brother Eduardo Cabra "Visitante".
Lo Nuestro Awards.
The Lo Nuestro Awards are awarded annually by television network Univision in the United States since 1989. Calle 13 has received four nominations.
!
!scope="row"|2008
!scope="row"|2009
!scope="row" rowspan="2"|2010
MTV Awards.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards are awarded annually by cable television network MTV in the United States since 1984. Residente has received one award.
!
!scope="row"|2017
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica.
The Premios MTV Latinoamérica were awarded annually by cable television network MTV Networks Latin America from 2002 to 2009. Calle 13 has received two awards from nine nominations.
!
!scope="row" rowspan="3"|2006
!scope="row" rowspan="3"|2007
!scope="row" rowspan="3"|2009
National University of La Plata.
The Rodolfo Walsh Award is presented annually by the School of Journalism and Social Communication at the National University of La Plata in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina since 1997. Calle 13 has received the Rodolfo Walsh Award in 2012 for their "contribution to communication and popular culture."
!
!scope="row"|2012
Premios Juventud.
The Premios Juventud are awarded annually by television network Univision in the United States since 2004. Calle 13 has received one nomination.
!
!scope="row"|2014
Telehit Awards.
The Telehit Awards are presented annually by Mexican television network Telehit in Mexico since 2008. Calle 13 has received one award.
!
!scope="row"|2012
World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates.
The World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates is an annual event centered in peacemaking, serving as a forum for Nobel peace Laureates and representatives of the leading international organizations, media, business and government. Residente has received the Nobel Peace Summit Award in 2015 for "his song lyrics and his support for social causes."
!
!scope="row"|2015

</doc>
<doc id="56824568" url="?curid=56824568" title="1984 International Masters">
1984 International Masters

The 1984 Yamaha International Masters was a non-ranking snooker tournament, that was held between 27 February to 4 March 1984 at the Assembly Rooms in Derby, England.
Qualifying.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Group 17
Group 18
Group 19

</doc>
<doc id="56824571" url="?curid=56824571" title="Mellona Moulton Butterfield">
Mellona Moulton Butterfield

Mellona Moulton Butterfield (May 15, 1853 – 1924) was an American china painter and teacher. 
The owner of her own kiln for the firing of china, it may have been the first china kiln in Nebraska.
Early years and education.
Mellona ("Mellie") Moulton Butterfield was born in Racine, Wisconsin, May 15, 1853. Her parents were Moses B. Butterfield, a lawyer of Homer, New York, and Mellona (Moulton) Butterfield (1806-1854) of Oxford, Massachusetts. There were two siblings, Emily and Fannie, who, like Mellona, became teachers.
Butterfield was educated in St. Louis, Missouri, and Omaha, Nebraska, and was a graduate of Brownell Hall in Omaha.
Career.
She was for twelve years engaged in teaching, which vocation she followed with success in Plattsmouth, Grand Island, and Hastings, Nebraska. During those years, she followed, as devotedly as circumstances would allow, the one art toward which her talents and inclinations tended. At last she gave up other work and applied herself exclusively to ceramic painting, establishing a studio in Omaha. She was one of the first artists in that line in the State of Nebraska. She received many favorable notices from art critics and the press. Her studio was located at 894 Brandeis Building, in Omaha.
She married Charles H. Healey in 1881. She received the first honorable mention for china-painting in the woman's department of the 1884 New Orleans World's Fair, and in 1889, the first gold medal for china-painting given by the Western Art Association in Omaha. The Nebraska Ceramic Club was organized in 1893 for the purpose of making an exhibit at the World's Columbian Exposition. By 1898, it was composed wholly of women, totaling nearly one hundred, with Butterfield as its president. At the 1898 World's Fair, Butterfield supervised the decorating of the Nebraska State Building, and served as the building's hostess. In the following year, she managed the Public Comfort Building. Her work was exhibited in New York City, St. Louis, and Buffalo, New York.
She died in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="56824574" url="?curid=56824574" title="Field effect (chemistry)">
Field effect (chemistry)

A field effect is the polarization of a molecule through space. The effect is a result of an electric field produced by charge localization in a molecule. This field, which is substituent and conformation dependent, can influence structure and reactivity by manipulating the location of electron density in bonds and/or the overall molecule. The polarization of a molecule through its bonds is a separate phenomenon known as induction. Field effects are relatively weak, and diminish rapidly with distance, but have still been found to alter molecular properties such as acidity.
Field sources.
Field effects can arise from the electric dipole field of a bond containing an electronegative atom or electron-withdrawing substituent, as well as from an atom or substituent bearing a formal charge. The directionality of a dipole, and concentration of charge, can both define the shape of a molecule's electric field which will manipulate the localization of electron density toward or away from sites of interest, such as an acidic hydrogen. Field effects are typically associated with the alignment of a dipole field with respect to a reaction center. Since these are through space effects, the 3D structure of a molecule is an important consideration. A field may be interrupted by other bonds or atoms before propagating to a reactive site of interest. Atoms of differing electronegativities can move closer together resulting in bond polarization through space that mimics the inductive effect through bonds. Bicycloheptane and bicyclooctane (seen left) are two compounds in which the change in acidity with substitution was attributed to the field effect. The C-X dipole is oriented away from the carboxylic acid group, and can draw electron density away because the molecule center is empty, with a low dielectric constant, so the electric field is able to propagate with minimal resistance.
Utility of effect.
A dipole can align to stabilize or destabilize the formation or loss of a charge, thereby decreasing (if stabilized) or increasing (if destabilized) the activation barrier to a chemical event. Field effects can therefore tune the acidity or basicity of bonds within their fields by donating or withdrawing charge density. With respect to acidity, a common trend to note is that, inductively, an electron-withdrawing substituent in the vicinity of an acidic proton will lower the pKa (i.e. increase the acidity) and, correspondingly, an electron-donating substituent will raise the pKa. The reorganization of charge due to field effects will have the same result. An electric dipole field propagated through the space around, or in the middle of, a molecule in the direction of an acidic proton will decrease the acidity, while a dipole pointed away will increase the acidity and concomitantly elongate the X-H bond. These effects can therefore help to tune the acidity/basicity of a molecule to protonate/deprotonate a specific compound, or enhance hydrogen bond-donor ability for molecular recognition or anion sensing applications. Field effects have also been shown in substituted arenes to dominate the electrostatic potential maps, which are maps of electron density used to explain intermolecular interactions.
Evidence for field effects.
Localized electronic effects are a combination of inductive and field effects. Due to the similarity in these effects, it is difficult to separate their contributions to the electronic structure of a molecule. There is, however, a large body of literature devoted to developing an understanding of the relative significance of induction and field effects by analyzing related compounds in an attempt to quantify each effect based on the present substituents and molecular geometry. For example, the three compounds to the right, all octanes, differ only in the number of linkers between the electron withdrawing group X and an acidic functional group, which are approximately the same spatial distance apart in each compound. It is known that an electron-withdrawing substituent will decrease the pKa of a given proton (i.e. increase the acidity) inductively. If induction was the dominant effect in these compounds, acidity should increase linearly with the number of available inductive pathways (linkers). However, the experimental data shows that effect on acidity in related octanes and cubanes is very similar, and therefore the dominant effect must be through space.
In the cis-11,12-dichloro-9,10-dihydro-9,10-ethano-2-anthroic acid "syn" and "anti" isomers seen below and to the left, the chlorines provide a field effect. The concentration of negative charge on each chlorine has a through space effect which can be seen in the relative pKa values. When the chlorines are pointed over the carboxylic acid group, the pKa is higher because loss of a proton is less favorable due to the increase in negative charge in the area. Loss of a proton results in a negative charge which is less stable if there is already an inherent concentration of electrons. This can be attributed to a field effect because in the same compound with the chlorines pointed away from the acidic group the pKa is lower, and if the effect were inductive the conformational position would not matter.

</doc>
<doc id="56824578" url="?curid=56824578" title="Bang Lamphu">
Bang Lamphu

Bang Lamphu or spelled Banglampoo and Banglamphu (, ; in the past, it was often misspelled บางลำภู) is a neighbourhood in Bangkok located in Phra Nakhon District. The history of the Bang Lamphu community dates to the establishment of the Rattanakosin Kingdom, or earlier. Bang Lamphu covers an area north of Phra Nakhon in Rattanakosin Island from Phra Athit Road to Samsen Road, which leads toward Dusit District.
History.
The name "Bang Lamphu" can mean "area of mangrove apple" ("lamphu" is Thai for mangrove apple). Mangrove apples ("Sonneratia caseolaris") once flourished along waterways in the area, including the Khlong Bang Lamphu and Chao Phraya River. There are no more mangrove apple trees in the local Santi Chai Prakan Park, since the last one died in 2012 from 2011 Thailand floods, but the name Bang Lamphu is still commonly used to describe the area.
Bang Lamphu became a community prior to the Rattanakosin period. It is the residence of royalty, courtiers, vassals and citizens of many ethnic groups, including Thai, Chinese, Mon and Muslims who settled in the vicinity. Once the Khlong Rop Krung canal was excavated, a pier was established at Bang Lamphu by which goods such as vegetables and fruits could be transported from the Thonburi side. Bang Lamphu also became a major market for overland trade via the Khaosan Road and a number of other roads.
The community is home to likay dancers and Thai musicians and is the birthplace of Montri Tramote, a Thai musician recognized as "master of Thai classical music" and National Artist of Performing arts (Thai music).
Bang Lamphu has become a popular tourist destination, especially for Westerners. The Khaosan and Rambuttri Roads feature tourist attractions. Accommodations and dining are available including guest houses, hostels, restaurants, street foods, bars, cafés, clothes, and travel agencies including Thai massage services. For Thai people, Bang Lamphu is also considered to be a hub for notable school uniform stores.
Bang Lamphu, especially Sip Sam Hang Road, the area opposite Wat Bowonniwet Vihara considered as a center of teenagers in 1950s–60s, like Wang Burapha. Since it was home to many restaurants including cafés and ice cream parlours that offer jukebox and television, which was are rare appliances in those days. Hence, Bang Lamphu and Sip Sam Hang Road was cited in the 1997 Thai heroic bloodshed film "Dang Bireley's and Young Gangsters" as a backdrop for the characters in street gang battles.

</doc>
<doc id="56824584" url="?curid=56824584" title="Banglampoo">
Banglampoo


</doc>
<doc id="56824588" url="?curid=56824588" title="European Association for Studies in Screen Translation">
European Association for Studies in Screen Translation

The European Association for Studies in Screen Translation (ESIST) is an international association in the field of audiovisual translation. According to ESIST, screen translation includes all forms of language transfer in the media, including subtitling, dubbing, voice-over, interpreting for the media, surtitling, subtitling for viewers who are deaf or hard of hearing, and audio description for blind and partially sighted audiences.
History.
ESIST was founded in March 1995 in Cardiff by a group of professionals and academics from fifteen European universities to establish communication with creators, translators, distributors, and scholars working in the area of European audiovisual broadcasting and multimedia production.
ESIST has been active in promoting European cooperation in audiovisual translation training and the standardization of subtitling practices at a European level. In 2000 it launched The Comparative Subtitling project, the first comparative analysis of subtitling practices and guidelines in all European countries.
In 1998, ESIST endorsed the "Code of Good Subtitling Practice". The Code is a set of guidelines developed by Jan Ivarsson and Mary Carroll, which has emerged as a recognized standard in the profession.
In 2010, ESIST signed a protocol of understanding with the European Society for Translation Studies (EST) to enable knowledge exchange in the field of audiovisual translation.
Jan Ivarsson Award.
Since 2010, ESIST has presented the Jan Ivarsson Award for invaluable services to the field of audiovisual translation. The award is given biannually at the Languages &amp; the Media conference in Berlin.
The award has been presented to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824611" url="?curid=56824611" title="Dr &amp; Mrs Hung Hin Shiu Museum of Chinese Medicine">
Dr &amp; Mrs Hung Hin Shiu Museum of Chinese Medicine

The Dr &amp; Mrs Hung Hin Shiu Museum of Chinese Medicine is a privately run museum managed by the Department of Chinese Medicine at the Hong Kong Baptist University.
History.
The museum was inaugurated on 14 December 2007. Funded through part of the HK$120 million endowment fund from Dr Hung Hin-shiu and his wife Yeung Pong-wah, who made their fortune through the real estate development firm of Shiu Pong Enterprises. 
In the museum a herbalist shop in the basement displays the tools and herbal, animal and mineral medicines that Traditional Chinese Medicine practitioners used, while other exhibits explore the importance of the “spleen” in Chinese medicine and the evolution of midwifery in Hong Kong. In 2021 the museum website stated that it is closed to the public until further notice.

</doc>
<doc id="56824625" url="?curid=56824625" title="Brass Knuckles (film)">
Brass Knuckles (film)

Brass Knuckles is a surviving 1927 silent crime film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Monte Blue, Betty Bronson and William Russell. It was produced and distributed by Warner Brothers Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="56824626" url="?curid=56824626" title="Sdaw">
Sdaw

Sdaw is a 1990 action video game developed by Lankhor. It was created by Fabrice Caillaud, Lionel Caillaud, and Arnaud Dewilde.
Plot.
The world has been destroyed by a global disaster (World War III), and most of the humans have turned into mutants. A few survivors created a perfect robot named S.D.A.W. (System de Defense Anti-Wobblegobbledigook). Players take control of S.D.A.W. and live in sewers. They have been given a mission to clean the area of its unwanted occupants by restraining and disarming them.
Gameplay.
The game's interface consists of a view in the center and action buttons at the bottom of the screen. The player navigates through the sewers by using N, S, E, and W buttons in the bottom-left side of the screen. Other buttons trigger abilities like searching through the player's inventory and examining the surroundings.
Development.
The game has a 16 colour frame rate, and the game world's labyrinth has around 200 screens. The game's use of "mode 2" allowed for graphics that were very difficult to find at the time.
Reception.
The game received an 82% from Amstrad, 60% from Joystick, and Tilt gave it a B.
MicroNews felt that a bit of extra care to the design, for instance in its animations, would have livened up the game.

</doc>
<doc id="56824628" url="?curid=56824628" title="Baji Rao (disambiguation)">
Baji Rao (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56824643" url="?curid=56824643" title="Frank Green (disambiguation)">
Frank Green (disambiguation)

Frank Green (1861–1954) was a British industrialist.
Frank Green may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824658" url="?curid=56824658" title="Banglamphu">
Banglamphu


</doc>
<doc id="56824671" url="?curid=56824671" title="Warm Up!">
Warm Up!

Warm Up! is a 2000 single-player racing simulator developed by Lankhor and published by Microïds for PlayStation and Windows.
Gameplay.
Warm Up! is essentially a Formula 1 game without the official license, consisting of both a simulation mode and an arcade mode.
Critical reception.
JeuxVideo praised the game's realism and addictive gameplay. On the contrary, Absolute Games offered a scathing review, deeming the title primitive and an insult to the simulator genre.

</doc>
<doc id="56824680" url="?curid=56824680" title="Busselton Football Club">
Busselton Football Club

The Busselton Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the South West Football League in the South West corner of Western Australia.
It is based in the Western Australian city of Busselton.
The club is the result of a merger between East Busselton and West Busselton in 1955. It has played all its games in South West Football League.
Club history.
In 1954 two Busselton based clubs, East Busselton and West Busselton joined the then Bunbury-Collie FL. Impressed by the improved standard in play the two clubs decided to merge to form a more competitive team, the Busselton Football Club was created. 

</doc>
<doc id="56824685" url="?curid=56824685" title="CSPTC">
CSPTC


</doc>
<doc id="56824700" url="?curid=56824700" title="Hamilton Charles Palmer">
Hamilton Charles Palmer

Hamilton Charles Palmer LLB (died c. 19 January 1880) was a lawyer in the early days of the colony of South Australia, remembered for his year as a master at one of Adelaide's private schools in 1860 and for a bathetic political candidature ten years later.
History.
Palmer studied law at the University of London, and was called to the Middle Temple in 1854. He emigrated to South Australia late in 1859 or early 1860, following his brother, the Rev. C. E. Palmer.
It was arranged by John Lorenzo Young, head master of Adelaide Educational Institution that during his extended absence in 1860 Palmer would take his maths classes and the senior class in classics. He was remembered by one student as aloof and disconnected from his pupils, not at all likeable, and with the voice of someone with a perpetual sinus infection. Another remembers him as an object of ridicule and subject of students' pranks.
Between January and May 1860 he wrote a series of articles for the South Australian Register over the pen-name "A Templar":
Palmer established a legal practice at Auburn, then in 1863 moved to Kapunda, where he maintained an office for the rest of his life, and had an extensive business for some time. He also maintained an office in the Town Hall Chambers, Adelaide.
Henry Charles Hamilton Ayliffe (18 June 1846 – 10 March 1916) was articled clerk to Palmer at the time of his death.
In 1870, following a petition by residents, Palmer agreed to stand for the seat of The Burra at the forthcoming election, but at the poll he was betrayed by his proponents, and received very few votes, the elected candidates being Captain John Hart and Charles Mann. It appeared the urging to join the contest was in the nature of a "lark" or practical joke.
Palmer was found dead in his bed at the Pilot Boat Hotel, Port Pirie, on Monday morning. A coronial inquest determined the cause of death as apoplexy, and not suicide.
Palmer never married and had no children.
His brother Rev. Charles Edwin Palmer had one son while in Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="56824707" url="?curid=56824707" title="English College">
English College

English College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824710" url="?curid=56824710" title="Betty Bliss">
Betty Bliss


</doc>
<doc id="56824712" url="?curid=56824712" title="Horia Crișan">
Horia Crișan

Horia Alexandru Crișan (born 27 June 1991) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender. Crișan made his Liga I debut on 27 April 2014 for Dinamo București in a 3-1 win against Concordia Chiajna. He started his career at Viitorul Constanța and also played in the Liga II for several teams: Juventus București, Fortuna Poiana Câmpina, Șoimii Pâncota or Sportul Snagov. Crișan played in Hungary for Putnok and Vasas and in Lithuania for Kruoja Pakruojis.

</doc>
<doc id="56824719" url="?curid=56824719" title="GTN News">
GTN News


</doc>
<doc id="56824735" url="?curid=56824735" title="Icon Undies">
Icon Undies


</doc>
<doc id="56824736" url="?curid=56824736" title="Elizabeth Livingstone">
Elizabeth Livingstone

Elizabeth Anne Livingstone (born in July 7, 1929) , also known as E. A. Livingstone, is an English Anglican theologian, specialising in patristics.
Life.
Education.
She has a Master of Arts degree from the University of Oxford and a Lambeth Doctorate of Divinity.
Academic work.
She was co-editor with Frank Leslie Cross of the first edition of "The Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church" in 1957 and continued as editor of later editions after Cross's death in 1968. She is also the editor of "The Concise Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church".
She organised the Oxford International Conferences on Patristic Studies from 1969 to 1995, and also edited the record of the proceedings published as "Studia Patristica".
Honours.
In the 1986 New Year Honours, Livingstone was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire for "services to Patristic Studies". She was one of four people to be awarded the President's Medal of the British Academy in 2015.
She is an Honorary Fellow of St Stephen's House, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="56824743" url="?curid=56824743" title="The Undoing">
The Undoing

The Undoing is a 2020 American mystery psychological thriller television miniseries based on the 2014 novel "You Should Have Known" by Jean Hanff Korelitz. It was written and produced by David E. Kelley and directed by Susanne Bier. The miniseries stars Nicole Kidman and Hugh Grant and premiered on HBO on October 25, 2020.
"The Undoing" was the first HBO show to gain viewership every week over the course of the season, and was the biggest U.S. show to launch on Sky in the U.K, beating the record previously held by "Game of Thrones". It was the most-watched show on HBO in 2020. The series received generally positive reviews, with critics praising the performances (particularly Kidman and Grant), cinematography and production design, while criticizing the writing, pace and characterization.
Production.
Development.
On March 12, 2018, it was announced that HBO had given the production a series order. The miniseries was written by David E. Kelley who also serves as executive producer alongside Nicole Kidman, Per Saari, and Bruna Papandrea. Production companies involved in the series include Blossom Films, Made Up Stories, and David E. Kelley Productions. On November 7, 2018, it was reported that Susanne Bier would direct every episode of the series and serve as an executive producer. On March 8, 2020, it was announced that the series was set to premiere on May 10, 2020. However, it was later delayed to October 25, 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Casting.
Alongside the initial series announcement, it was confirmed that, in addition to executive producing the series, Nicole Kidman had been cast in the series' lead female role. In November 2018, it was announced that Hugh Grant and Donald Sutherland had been cast in starring roles. On January 28, 2019, it was reported that Noah Jupe had joined the main cast. In March, Fala Chen, Édgar Ramírez, Lily Rabe, Ismael Cruz Córdova and Matilda De Angelis were added to the cast. In April 2019, it was announced that Noma Dumezweni had joined the cast. Also in April 2019, it was announced that Michael Devine had joined the cast.
Filming.
The show filmed in New York City and Kingston, New York. Planned filming on Shelter Island, New York, was canceled due to objections from residents, and therefore the beach and beach house scenes were instead filmed on the North Fork of Long Island.
Reception.
Critical response.
On Rotten Tomatoes, the miniseries holds an approval rating of 77% based on 90 reviews, with an average rating of 7.13/10. The website's critics consensus reads, ""The Undoing" is a beautifully shot mystery that benefits greatly from Nicole Kidman and Hugh Grant's performances—if only its story was as strong as its star power." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 64 out of 100 based on 32 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Kristen Baldwin of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the series a 'B' grade and wrote, "Through all of the misdirects, the characters' dumb decisions, the dreamy detours, "The Undoing" kept me guessing—and, of course, gloating over everyone's misfortune." Reviewing the miniseries for "Rolling Stone", Alan Sepinwall gave it 2 out of 5 stars and said, "It's all extremely rote, like an expanded version of the mid-budget Nineties movie that would have starred Kidman and Grant at their respective heights of celebrity."
Assessing the series as a whole following the finale, Roxana Hadadi of "Vulture" unfavorably compared "The Undoing" to David E. Kelley's previous series, "Big Little Lies" (also starring Kidman), stating, "Kelley re-created the elitism of "Big Little Lies" when adapting "You Should Have Known" into "The Undoing", but neither its introspective spirit nor its curiosity about the inner lives of women." Hadadi particularly criticized the series for its inconsistent and shallow characterization of its protagonist, Grace Fraser, compared to Kidman's "Big Little Lies" character, Celeste Wright: "In prioritizing unbelievable twists rather than steady character development, Kelley re-creates Grace as a shell of Celeste, making her the hollow center of "The Undoing." Grace wears the same kind of clothes as Celeste, and has access to the same powerful allies as Celeste, and lives in the same sort of mansions as Celeste. But Kidman’s performance here is mostly one of wide, shocked eyes and blank, inexpressive despair; her Grace rarely, if ever, talks about herself, her emotions, or her decisions." Eve Gerber of "The Atlantic" criticized the series for glamorizing domestic violence, noting that critical discussion about the series largely avoided the subject and instead focused more on the series' production values, makeup and costuming.
Audience viewership.
The series gained traction as the season continued and broke records. For HBO, the show made history as the network's first original series to gain viewership every week over the course of the season and the finale was the most-watched night on the network since the Season 2 finale of "Big Little Lies". It became HBO's most-watched show of 2020, surpassing the audience of "Big Little Lies." It also became the biggest U.S. show to launch on Sky in the U.K, beating the record previously held by "Game of Thrones".

</doc>
<doc id="56824761" url="?curid=56824761" title="Matías Soler">
Matías Soler

Matías Daniel Soler (born 18 April 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Soler started in the youth system of Boca Juniors, prior to joining Huracán's ranks in 2013.&lt;ref name="Youth/Plaza Colonia"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; He departed in August 2017 to join Plaza Colonia of the Uruguayan Primera División. He made his professional debut on 16 September in a defeat to Rampla Juniors, which was one of seven appearances in a season that ended in relegation to the Uruguayan Segunda División for Plaza Colonia. He subsequently left the club at the end of 2017. Soler signed a contract with Lanús in July 2018, initially joining the reserve team. He remained until February 2020, when he left to return to Uruguayan football with Segunda División team Villa Española.
Soler wouldn't feature for "El Villa" due to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequently leaving to head back to Argentina in July. He trialled with Los Andes in December 2020, featuring in a friendly against Sacachispas.

</doc>
<doc id="56824773" url="?curid=56824773" title="Wanderer (video game)">
Wanderer (video game)

Wanderer is a 1986 action video game developed by Lankhor and published by Pyramide Soft. It was released on Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Sinclair QL, and ZX Spectrum. The game was authored by Béatrice &amp; Jean-Luc Langlois. It has the distinction of being Lankhor's first game. It was edited by Pyramid for QL and Atari ST, and then licensed to Elite. Wanderer 3D was released by Encore in 1990. 
Plot.
Set in a future where cats have become very valuable, the protagonist's cat has been kidnapped and the kidnapper is asking for an 8000 cat ransom. The player has to visit planets, barter cats, and play a card game to win cats. Visiting new planets engages a straight action sequence of shooting all enemy ships.
Reception.
"The Games Machine" felt that gameplay was slow and repetitious, and relied too heavily on an average 3D effect. "Computer and Video Games" felt the overused 3D effect didn't make up for the vacuous gameplay. "ZZap!64" criticised the boring gameplay and underused 3D.

</doc>
<doc id="56824775" url="?curid=56824775" title="Robert Asăvoaei">
Robert Asăvoaei

Robert Gabriel Asăvoaei (born 2 October 1998) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Politehnica Iași.
Club career.
Politehnica Iași.
Asăvoaei made his debut at senior level for Politehnica Iași, on 5 June 2017, in a 1-1 draw against Târgu Mureș.
For the second part of the 2017–18 season Politehnica loaned the young Asăvoaei to Liga II club Știința Miroslava, in order for him to get more playing time.
Asăvoaei is known for scoring a scorpion kick in November 2020, while playing for Știința Miroslava.

</doc>
<doc id="56824783" url="?curid=56824783" title="Klæbu (village)">
Klæbu (village)

Klæbu is a village in Trondheim Municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. The village is located on the eastern shore of the river Nidelva, about east of the village of Tanem and about south of the city of Trondheim. The village sits at the junction of Norwegian county roads 805 and 921. The historic Klæbu Church is located in the village.
The village was the administrative centre of the old Klæbu Municipality prior to 2020 when it was merged into Trondheim.
The village has a population (2018) of 3,354 and a population density of .
The newspaper "KlæbuPosten" is published in Klæbu.

</doc>
<doc id="56824792" url="?curid=56824792" title="Transportation Building (Toronto)">
Transportation Building (Toronto)


</doc>
<doc id="56824795" url="?curid=56824795" title="Aussie Gold Hunters">
Aussie Gold Hunters

Aussie Gold Hunters is an Australian factual television show which follows crews of gold prospectors in Australia. The series is produced by Electric Pictures and began on the Discovery Channel on 15 September 2016. The series has been a ratings success and gone on to air in 125 countries including the United Kingdom.
The fifth season concluded on 10 September 2020. In October 2019 the series was renewed for a 20 episode sixth season which premiered in 2021.
Premise.
The series follows gold miners in various locations of Western Australia and Victoria as they strive to reach their individually set season target (measured in ounces of gold). They use a variety of mining techniques including use of metal detectors of surface or excavated soil for gold nuggets; and sluicing, dry blowing or heap leaching for gold particles.
Production.
The first season of eight episodes produced by Electric Pictures premiered on 15 September 2016. In March 2017 the series was renewed for a 10 episode second season, which premiered on 6 July 2017. In March 2018 the series was renewed for a 13 episode third season, which premiered on 31 May 2018. In September 2018 the series was renewed for a 13 episode fourth season, which premiered on 2 May 2019.
In October 2019 the series was renewed for 40 episodes across two seasons. The 20 episode fifth season premiered on 30 April 2020. Following the conclusion of the fifth season, three specials featuring highlights from the five seasons premiered on 17 September 2020. A sixth series aired on Discovery+ from 22 February 2021 and Discovery Channel from 29 April 2021. Contrary to the producers misleading claim of "Factual", some scenes are staged.
Cast.
Not all the miners featured on the show are Australian. Lindsay Ironside was imported from Canada by Vernon Strange. Henri Chassaing came from Switzerland.
"Parker's Trail" crossover.
In 2020, season four of "" featured gold mining in Australia. The season saw former Aussie Gold Hunters' cast member Tyler Mahoney in a main role. There were also guest appearances by former cast members Jake Larsen demonstrating heap leaching, as well as Ted and Lecky Mahoney teaching the process of pegging land leases.
Reception.
The series has been a local and international ratings success. In addition, in the United Kingdom where the series is broadcast on Quest "Aussie Gold Hunters" is consistently the channel's top rating show of the week as well as frequently ranking in the top 10 of non-public broadcasting shows.
Broadcast.
As of May 2020, "Aussie Gold Hunters" has been broadcast in 125 countries with an estimated reach of 40 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="56824803" url="?curid=56824803" title="Paula Cooper (art dealer)">
Paula Cooper (art dealer)


</doc>
<doc id="56824816" url="?curid=56824816" title="Transportation Building">
Transportation Building

Transportation Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824820" url="?curid=56824820" title="Giorgos Fekkas">
Giorgos Fekkas

Giorgos Fekkas (, born on 24 May 2001) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Olympiacos.
Club career.
Fekkas made his professional debut in the Super League U-17 for Olympiacos on 9 September 2017 in a game against Levadiakos F.C. winning 3-0 and playing the full match. As he signed his professional contract for Olympiacos on 19 September 2017, scouting from foreign clubs picked up on that and they were very interested in this past year. His team currently sits at the top of the football table, beating their eternal rivals Panathinaikos F.C for just a few points away. He is considered by many to be one of the best players Olympiacos has ever purchased. After winning the 2015-2016 with the U-15, without any hesitation and any regrets from the Olympiacos staff, Fekkas immediately jumped up to his now U-17 team. Saying this he had with U-15 20 appearances and 4 goals and currently with the U-17 team he has 18 appearances 7 goals, which is surprisingly a lot for an Attacking Midfielder.
International career.
Fekkas made his international debut for the Greece national under-17 football team on 18 October 2017 substituting Dimitrios Serpezis in the 65th minute for Greece over a win against Norway for 1-0. His second appearance for the Greece national under-17 football team was against Gibraltar over a wonderful win for Greece ending up in a 6-0. He played full match despite scoring 0 goals. He will be playing on the UEFA Under-17 EURO 2018, as a primary choice for the coach.

</doc>
<doc id="56824830" url="?curid=56824830" title="Larry Estes">
Larry Estes

Lawrence Larry Estes (born December 9, 1946) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. Estes was born in from Louisville, Mississippi, where he attended Louisville High School. One of few NAIA players to have been drafted by the NFL, Estes was the Saints 8th pick in the 1970 draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56824835" url="?curid=56824835" title="Transportation Building (Chicago)">
Transportation Building (Chicago)


</doc>
<doc id="56824837" url="?curid=56824837" title="Nathanael Jones">
Nathanael Jones

Nathanael Jones (c. 1624 – 1683), Esq., of Hendwr, Merionethshire, was a Welsh gentleman-poet.
He was born in the parish of Llandrillo-yn-Edeirnion, the second son of Maurice Jones, Esq. of Faerdref Uchaf, and later moved to Hendwr, Merionethshire, an Elizabethan mansion of great antiquity, within the same parish. He was descended from the Barons of Kymmer-yn-Edeirnion, and as such bore the 'Black Lion of Powys' on his arms and 'Kymmer-yn-Edeirnion' as his motto, in memory of the paternal barony. 
During the English Civil War, he joined the Royalist army as a Lieutenant, along with his elder brother, and subsequently fought at the Battle of Marston Moor and was later captured at the Battle of Ormskirk, during the Royalist retreat through Lancashire. In 1652, he married Mary Wynn, the daughter and heiress of Humphrey ap Hugh Wynn, by whom he inherited the Hendwr estate. 
From the 1650s, he began writing poetry and was a minor poet in the circle of Matthew Owen, 'the Bard of Llangar'. Though as a Justice of the Peace, Nathanael was expected to speak in English in public, his poetry is entirely in Welsh. Due to the war, he had been unable to complete his education by going up to Oxford as had been family tradition, yet despite this he was still very well-educated for the time. His son Maurice however matriculated at Jesus College on 20 March 1673/4, aged 19. He later served as High Sheriff of Merionethshire in 1673 and was the coroner for that county. He was also a translator of English textbooks into Welsh so that they could be more widely-read, surviving manuscripts include Taylor's 'Daily Rule' and 'The Act of Contentment'. He died in 1683, aged 59, whereupon he was succeeded by his son, Maurice Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="56824844" url="?curid=56824844" title="Sydney Harbour Patrol">
Sydney Harbour Patrol

Sydney Harbour Patrol is an Australian factual television show that follows marine police, salvage teams, ship yards and environmental protection units in Sydney, Australia. The series is produced by WTFN and screened on the Foxtel Discovery Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="56824845" url="?curid=56824845" title="Anthony John Richard Purssell">
Anthony John Richard Purssell


</doc>
<doc id="56824850" url="?curid=56824850" title="Zavier Simpson">
Zavier Simpson

Zavier Marquis Simpson (born February 11, 1997), is an American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Blue of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Michigan Wolverines. He attended Lima Senior High School where he won the 2016 Ohio Mr. Basketball as a senior. Simpson won 2014 Ohio Division III state championship as a sophomore for Lima Central Catholic High School before transferring to Lima Senior High School the following school year. He was part of the 2017–18 team that reached the Championship Game of the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament. Simpson was a member of 2017 and 2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament champions during his first two seasons. He had many of his best games against top-10 opponents as a sophomore. As a junior, he was a 2019 Second team All-Big Ten selection and a Big Ten All-Defensive team honoree and earned the nickname "Captain Hook”. As a senior, he was a 2020 Second team All-Big Ten selection.
Early life and high school career.
Simpson was born on February 11, 1997, in Lima, Ohio to Bobbie Carter and Quincey Simpson. He had served as a ball boy for Lima Senior High School since second grade when his father was an assistant coach for the Lima Senior team. In elementary school, Simpson spent a half hour dribbling the basketball every morning and worked out for one and a half hours doing basketball drills once he reached high school. On December 15, Simpson broke two-time Ohio Mr. Basketball Greg Simpson's Lima Senior High School single-game scoring record by posting 59 points against Fremont Ross High School. Simpson was a cousin who grew up with Zavier's father, Quincy. On February 2, Simpson posted 65 points against Fremont Ross.
Simpson played his freshman and sophomore seasons for Lima Central Catholic High School before transferring to Lima Senior when his father became head coach there before his junior season. Simpson earned the 2014 Ohio Division III state championship as a sophomore and the 2015 Ohio Associated Press Division I Player of the Year as a junior. Simpson was named 2016 Ohio Mr. Basketball by the Associated Press. Simpson's Lima Senior High School was undefeated until losing in the OHSAA Division I championship game to Westerville South High School, finishing the season 29–1. Simpson also earned the Ohio Boys Basketball Gatorade Player of the Year honor.
Recruiting.
On September 9, 2015, Zavier Simpson committed to playing college basketball for Michigan. By the end of his high school career, he was ranked as the No. 49 player and No. 12 point guard by ESPN, No. 57 player and No. 12 point guard by Scout, No. 65 player and No. 19 point guard by Rivals, and No. 93 player and No. 17 point guard by 247Sports. Austin Davis, Ibi Watson, Jon Teske and Simpson all signed their National Letters of Intent on November 11, 2015. Michigan recruits Simpson, Watson and Teske were all named to the 2015–16 Associated Press Ohio High School Division I Boys Basketball All-State 1st Team. ESPN's Jeff Borzello named Simpson as one of the top 25 entering freshman in the 2016–17 class on April 6, 2016.
College career.
Freshman season.
As a freshman, Simpson was part of a 2016–17 Michigan Wolverines team that won the 2017 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament. The Wolverines reached the sweet sixteen round of the 2017 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament. After averaging 1.6 points and 8.7 minutes as a freshman, Simpson changed the spelling of his name prior to his sophomore season from Xavier to Zavier.
Sophomore season.
As a sophomore for the 2017–18 Wolverines, Simpson posted his career high 16 points in contest against top 5 rated opponents: On January 13, 2018, Michigan won their rivalry game against (#4 AP Poll/#4 Coaches Poll) Michigan State 82–72. Simpson tallied 16 points in Michigan's first road victory against a top-five ranked team since defeating (#3 AP Poll/#3 Coaches Poll) Michigan State on January 25, 2014; On January 25, 2018, Michigan lost to (#3 AP Poll/#3 Coaches Poll) Purdue 88–92 despite 16 points from Simpson. In two of his other top-5 games, Simpson had 15-point games against both (#5 AP Poll/#7 Coaches Poll) Purdue on January 9, 2018. and (#2 AP Poll/#2 Coaches Poll) Michigan State on March 3, 2018. Although Simpson averaged just 7.3 points per game for the season, in his other games against top-10 opponents he posted double digits: 13 points against (#8 AP Poll/#9 Coaches Poll) Ohio State in Michigan's final home game of the regular season on the February 18, 2018, 10 points on March 4, as Michigan defeated (#8 AP Poll/#8 Coaches Poll) Purdue 75–66, and 10 points in the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Game loss to (#2 Coaches Poll/#2 AP Poll) Villanova.
The March 4 victory over Purdue gave Michigan its second consecutive Big Ten Tournament championship since the game was the championship game of the 2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament. Simpson averaged 12.3 points, 4.8 rebounds, 4.0 assists and 1.3 steals in 35 minutes per game for Michigan in its four-game tournament run. On March 22, Michigan defeated Texas A&amp;M 99–72 in the regional semifinals of the 2018 NCAA Tournament. Simpson posted a career-high six steals as part of a stat line that included 11 points, 5 assists and 4 rebounds. In the first four games of the tournament, Simpson posted averages of 7.3 points, 5.0 rebounds, 4.5 assists and 2.8 steals to help Michigan reach the Final Four. The team lost in the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship Game to (#2 Coaches Poll/#2 AP Poll) Villanova.
Junior season.
On November 17, 2018, Simpson posted 14 points and 11 rebounds for his first career double-double, to help Michigan defeat George Washington 84–61. On December 30, Michigan defeated Binghamton 74–52. Simpson posted a career-high 10 assists, and one rebound shy of a double-double. On January 10, Michigan defeated Illinois 79–69. Michigan was led by Simpson with a season-high 16 points and improved to 16–0 on the season, matching the school's best start to a season. On January 13, Michigan defeated Northwestern to establish a school record for best start at 17–0 and tied the school's record 17-game win streak on the strength of a career-high 24-point effort by Simpson. On January 19, Simpson posted 10 points and 11 rebounds, for his second career double-double in a loss to Wisconsin. On January 22, Simpson was one of four Big Ten athletes named to the Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award Top 15 midseason watchlist. On January 29 against Ohio State, Simpson posted 11 points, 10 rebounds and a career-high 12 assists, becoming the sixth player in Michigan program history to record a triple-double. The game marked Simpson's 100th career game with Michigan, becoming the 70th Wolverine to the reach the milestone. Simpson recorded his 300th career assist, becoming the 15th Wolverine to surpass the milestone. On March 3, Simpson posted 12 points and 10 assists, for his third double-double of the season in a win against (#17/#20) Maryland. Following the season, he was a 2019 Second team All-Big Ten selection (coaches and media) and a Big Ten All-Defensive Team honoree. On March 12, the U.S. Basketball Writers Association named Simpson to its 2012–13 Men's All-District V (OH, IN, IL, MI, MN, WI) Team, based upon voting from its national membership. He was named to the National Association of Basketball Coaches Division I All‐District 7 second team on March 21, as selected and voted on by member coaches of the NABC, making him eligible for the 2019 NABC Coaches’ Division I All-America team. Over the course of his junior season, he served as captain and was prolific with the hook shot, earning the nickname "Captain Hook". 
On March 15, Michigan opened its 2019 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament play with a 74–53 victory over Iowa in the quarterfinals. Simpson posted 10 points and 11 assists for his fourth career double-double. The next day Simpson posted 15 points and nine assists in a 76–49 victory over Minnesota, helping Michigan advance to the Big Ten Tournament final for the third consecutive season. With his nine assists in the game, Simpson became the 10th Wolverine in program history to surpass 400 career assists. On March 17 in the championship game, Simpson posted six points and ten assists in a 60–65 loss to Michigan State. Simpson finished the tournament with a tournament-record 30 assists in three games, surpassing the previous record of 29 assists set by Mateen Cleaves in 1999, and was subsequently named to the All-Tournament Team. He achieved the 30 assists while only making two turnovers. On March 21, Simpson posted four points and ten assists in a 74–55 victory over Montana in the first round of the 2019 NCAA Tournament. With his 10 assists in the game, Simpson set a single-season program record for the most games with 10 or more assists in a season with eight games. For the season, he led Michigan in minute played 33.9/game and led the Big Ten in Assist:Turnover ratio (3.3).
Senior season.
Prior to the season Simpson was named to the 10-man preseason All-Big Ten team. He was also named to the preaseason Cousy Award 20-man watchlist. The team began the season unranked but receiving votes in the national polls. On November 22, Michigan defeated Houston Baptist 111–68 as Simpson posted 22 points and 14 assists, both career-highs, for his fifth career double-double (first with 20 points). The 14 single-game assists tied a pair of 1987 games by Gary Grant for second in school history behind Derrick Walton's 15-assist game set in 2017. Michigan's 111 points were the most points scored in a game since a 112–64 victory over Indiana in 1998. On December 3, in a 43–58 loss to Louisville during the ACC–Big Ten Challenge, Simpson posted three assists in the game, becoming the fourth Wolverine in program history to surpass 500 career assists. He was named to the midseason watchlist for the Wooden Award. On January 17, with six assists in the game, Simpson moved into second place on Michigan's all-time assists list with 579. 
On January 26 at 3:03 AM, Simpson was the driver of Michigan Athletic director Warde Manuel's family vehicle when it made contact with a street sign and a utility pole, and gave a false name to the police regarding his involvement at the scene of the crash. Simpson was suspended one game for missing team curfew on January 27, causing him to miss the January 28 game against Nebraska. This was the first game he missed in his career, snapping his streak of 135 consecutive games played. He was reinstated on January 31. On February 4, in a 58–61 loss to Ohio State, Simpson posted 15 points and five assists, becoming the second player in Michigan program history to surpass 600 career assists. On February 16, in an 89–65 victory over Indiana, Simpson posted 12 points and 11 assists, for his ninth career double-double. With the win, Simpson and Teske became the winningest players in program history with 105 career victories. Simpson also set a program record for the most games with 10 or more assists (15). On February 19 in a 60–52 victory over Rutgers, Simpson posted 16 points, six rebounds, five assists and two steals. Simpson became the fourth player in program history to surpass 1,000 career points and 500 career assists, following Antoine Joubert, Gary Grant and Rumeal Robinson. Simpson was one of 10 players named a semifinalist for the Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award, and the lone Big Ten athlete. On February 27 in a 
74–81 loss to Wisconsin, Simpson posted a career-high 32 points, six assists and five rebounds. Following the season, he was named a 2020 Second team All-Big Ten selection by both the coaches and media.
Professional career.
Oklahoma City Blue (2021–present).
On September 17, 2020, Simpson signed his first professional contract with Science City Jena of the German ProA, but left the team before the start of the season. On November 18, 2020, Zavier signed with the Los Angeles Lakers as an undrafted free agent. On December 13, 2020, he was waived by the Lakers. He landed with the Oklahoma City Blue of the NBA G League, making his debut in their season opener on February 11, 2021.
Personal life.
Zavier has an older brother Isaiah. Quincy Simpson, Zavier's father and high school coach, has two older brothers, Warren and Shawn. They were raised by a single mother, motivating Quincy to be a good father.

</doc>
<doc id="56824851" url="?curid=56824851" title="Western liturgical rite">
Western liturgical rite


</doc>
<doc id="56824862" url="?curid=56824862" title="Trogus (wasp)">
Trogus (wasp)

Trogus is a genus of parasitoid wasp found in the Holarctic and Neotropic regions. It is placed in the subfamily Ichneumoninae. "Trogus" species are parasites of larvae and pupae of the swallowtail butterfly family, Papilionidae. The genus consists of twelve extant and one extinct species.
Phylogeny.
"Trogus" is in the subfamily Ichneumoninae of the family Ichneumonidae. According to a 2002 analysis by Sime and Wahl, this genus is in the tribe Heresiarchini, the "Callajoppa" genus-group, and the "Trogus" subgroup. The other genera in this subgroup are: "Daggoo", "Holcojoppa", "Macrojoppa", "Metallichneumon", "Queequeg", and "Tashtego".
Geographic and temporal distribution.
"Trogus" species are found in the Holarctic and Neotropics. Sime and Wahl, in part following Gerd Heinrich, proposed "Trogus" originated in the Palaearctic and crossed into North America following ancestors of the "Papilio machaon" clade over Beringia. Most "Trogus" species are found in North America.
The fossil species "T. vetus" was found in the Florissant Formation and dates to the Eocene.
Species.
David B. Wahl and Karen R. Sime's 2006 revision of the genus recognized the following twelve extant species:
, Fossilworks recognizes the following fossil species:
Description.
"Trogus" species have a body length of . Their abdomens resemble a row of rectangular blocks due to each abdominal segment having thick edges and deep cuts. An autapomorphy of "Trogus" is a concave apical edge of the clypeus.
Biology.
"Trogus" select the pupae and larvae of swallowtail butterflies as hosts. The hosts are specifically limited to the tribes Graphiini and Papilionini within the subfamily Papilioninae. However, many species within these tribes are not parasitized by "Trogus" species; systematic gaps are thought to be a result of plant chemistry in the preferred food for various swallowtail larvae. The butterfly genera with the most reliable host records for "Trogus" are "Papilio" and "Eurytides". "Trogus" species vary in how specialized they are, ranging from having one to ten possible swallowtail hosts. The host caterpillars are commonly collected by lepidopterists, amateur and professional, leading to confidence in host range delineation.
All "Trogus" species are thought to have a similar biology. One egg is laid per larva; some species like "T. pennator" or "T. lapidator" can lay their eggs in caterpillars as early as the first instar. "Trogus" species make their emergence hole by secreting a fluid which softens the pupa cuticle. They emerge as adults through the wing pad creating a distinctive lateral hole; this emergence location is apomorphic for the "Trogus" subgroup. Diapause, extended diapause, and lack of diapause have all been observed.
Taxonomic history.
German entomologist Georg Wolfgang Franz Panzer created the genus "Trogus" in 1806. He included one species in his circumscription: "Trogus coeruleator", first named in 1804 by Johan Christian Fabricius as "Ichneumon coeruleator". In 1829, Johann Ludwig Christian Gravenhorst included eight species in his taxonomy of "Trogus". Some subsequent researchers, for instance Arnold Förster and William Harris Ashmead, have referred to a "Trogus" whose authority is Gravenhorst, but Panzer's sole species in his circumscription of "Trogus" is included in Gravenhorst's treatment of "Trogus" and the two of them had the same concept for the genus. In 1840, John O. Westwood designated Gravenhorst's "Trogus alboguttatus" to be the type species of "Trogus". However, this species was later transferred to the genus "Goedartia" and made its type species. Fabricius's "Ichneumon lutorius", included in Gravenhorst's 1829 taxonomy, was also historically considered to be the type species of "Trogus"; this species is now known as "Callajoppa cirrogaster". In 1914, Viereck designated Fabricius's "I. coeruleator"—the only species Panzer initially included—as the type species for "Trogus"; this has subsequently been accepted by following taxonomists. The generic name "Trogus" comes from the ancient Greek word ("trṓgō"; "gnaw").
In 1869, Förster created the genus "Dinotomus", but did not designate a type species or include any species. In 1900, Ashmead designated Fabricius's "Ichneumon lapidator" to be the type species; this was one of three species included in V. Berthoumieu's 1896 taxonomy of "Dinotomus". In 1910, Per Abraham Roman found Fabricius's "I. coeruleator" and "I. lapidator" to be cospecific. This led to Henry Lorenz Viereck synonymizing "Dinotomus" and "Trogus" in 1914. The generic name "Dinotomus" comes from the ancient Greek words ("deinós"; "strange") and ("tomḗ"; "segment"). The genus "Psilomastax", named in 1868 by Peter Friedrich Ludwig Tischbein, was once considered to be cogeneric with "Dinotomus" hence later with "Trogus", until it was reinstated as its own genus in 1961 by Henry Townes and colleagues. Ashmead also considered the genus "Tricyphus", named by Joseph Kriechbaumer in 1898, to be a synonym of "Trogus", but it has since been accepted as its own genus.
Förster placed "Trogus" in a new family Trogoidae in 1869 alongside "Dinotomus" and "Automalus". In 1895, Ashmead created the tribe Trogini within Ichneumoninae. In 1962, Gerd Heinrich placed "Trogus" in a new subtribe within Trogini, namely Trogina. In 1979, Robert W. Carlson illegally emended the subtribe name to Trogusina. In 2002, Sime and Wahl synonymized Trogini with Heresiarchini because they found Heresiarchini to be paraphyletic with respect to Trogini; they renamed the clade historically known as Trogini as the "Callajoppa" genus-group and the clade historically known as Trogina as the "Trogus" subgroup.

</doc>
<doc id="56824873" url="?curid=56824873" title="Xavier Simpson">
Xavier Simpson


</doc>
<doc id="56824874" url="?curid=56824874" title="TUMT">
TUMT

TUMT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56824891" url="?curid=56824891" title="Signs and symptoms of stroke">
Signs and symptoms of stroke


</doc>
<doc id="56824895" url="?curid=56824895" title="Osgood Bradley Building">
Osgood Bradley Building

The Osgood Bradley Building is an historic industrial building at 18 Grafton Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Completed in 1916, the eight-story brick building is notable for its association with the Osgood Bradley Car Company, an early manufacturer of both railroad cars and automobiles. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018.
Description and history.
The Osgood Bradley Building is located east of downtown Worcester, set close to Interstate 291 on the west side of Grafton Street at Franklin Street. It is an eight-story masonry structure, built with a concrete frame, and an exterior finished in concrete, brick, terra cotta, and marble. The main facade is ten bays wide, with two building entrances, four retail spaces between them, and two outer bays with windows only. The lower two floors are set off from the upper floors by a dentillated cornice, with medallions at the tops of the piers between the bays. The outer two bays have segmented-arch openings on the second floor, while the inner bays have bays with two pairs of sash windows separated by piers. Central piers on the upper floors are finished in red brick, in contrast to the pale concrete and terra cotta of the most of the facade.
The Osgood Bradley Company was founded in 1820, and originally manufactured stage coaches, carriages, and wagons. In the 1830s, it branched out into the manufacture of railroad cars, one of the earliest manufacturers to do so. In 1835, it developed the Grafton Street property with a factory for rail car manufacture. The facility produced them until 1909, except during the American Civil War, when production was converted to gun carriages and forges. Following the relocation of its rail car business, the company tore down the factory and built this industrial facility as a speculative venture to lease to other manufacturers. It retained William Timmis, an industrial architect from New York City to design the building. During World War II, businesses occupying the building manufactured proximity fuses for use in munitions.

</doc>
<doc id="56824897" url="?curid=56824897" title="Zhang Yu (footballer)">
Zhang Yu (footballer)

Zhang Yu (; born 7 May 1994) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League One club Changchun Yatai, on loan from Chinese Super League side Beijing Sinobo Guoan.
Club career.
Zhang Yu started his professional football career in 2012 when he registered for Beijing Youth, which was the U18 team of Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan, for 2012 China League Two. He was promoted to Beijing Guoan's first team squad in 2013. Playing for the reserved team mostly between 2013 and 2017, he eventually made his debut for the club on 11 March 2018, playing the whole match in a 2–1 away win over Jiangsu Suning. Beijing Guoan manager Roger Schmidt gave high praise of his debut.
After a spell on trial ahead of the 2020 season, Zhang Yu joined Changchun Yatai on loan for the season, presenting him with a chance to earn regular first-team football thanks to the departure of Yu Rui to Chinese Super League club Shanghai SIPG.
Honours.
Club.
Beijing Guoan

</doc>
<doc id="56824903" url="?curid=56824903" title="Diagnosis of stroke">
Diagnosis of stroke


</doc>
<doc id="56824908" url="?curid=56824908" title="Karl Diehl (economist)">
Karl Diehl (economist)

Karl Diehl (March 27, 1864, Frankfurt—May 12, 1943 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German economist and professor who taught from 1908 until his death in Freiburg. He taught at the universities of Heidelberg and Freiburg, known for teaching on the subject of Anarchism.
The motivating force behind his scholarship was that academia must counter the idea that "...anarchism represents a criminal sect which lacks any social or political programme..." According to one historian on German reformers, Diehl had acquired a reputation as the "most important authority on socialism, communism, and anarchism," comparable only to Werner Sombart.
Life.
His son is Karl Diehl, the German actor.
Theory.
On Economic History.
Joseph Schumpeter, the well-known economist, has praised Karl Diehl for his understanding of the mutualist Pierre Joseph Proudhon, writing "Of the Proudhon literature, I mention only a work of indubitable scholarly quality, though there are several others that come within this category: Karl Diehl's P. J. Proudhon." A reviewer summarized Diehl's opinion of Proudhon with "the chief importance of Proudhon lies in and ends with the influence he exercised on his contemporaries," with more emphasis on his theoretical ideas than on those who tried to implement them with dynamite. The 1899 publication of the Palgrave-macmillan "Dictionary of Political Economy" lists Diehl second when listing authors who have contributed "critical works on the life and doctrine of Proudhon."
Christian Gehrke lists Karl Diehl first, when listing the main, European adherents of David Ricardo's economics, in the fourth-quarter of nineteenth-century academia.
On the Origin of Anarchism.
In 1890, Diehl came to realize that William Godwin was the father of the Anarchist movement and theory, early sparking his interest in this area of thought. This may mean he is the first to attempt to suggest that Anarchism was born out of the coldly-logical, rights-based political theory in Britain, instead of what was traditionally believed by historians, namely, that Anarchism was an outgrowth of the terrorism and disorder of the hot-blooded French Revolution.
On the Theory of Price and Value in Germany.
Diehl was well-esteemed by economists by his contributions to the development of the Theory of Price and Value in Germany in the nineteenth century, based on his contributions to "Festchrift".
On the German Anarchist Movement.
Diehl in well-quoted in Anarchist publications regarding Anarchism in Germany. He is quoted by one editor in a volume on German Anarchism as saying...
Anarchist ideas evoked a certain amount of theoretical interest and discussion. But the anarchist movement in Germany never achieved any significant political activity, nor did the group organizations at any time approach a numerical size which could be considered important.
On Planned Economy.
Diehl's theories regarding Socialist planned economy eventually turned out to be useful "to those Soviet economists who dealt actually with the questions of the theory of rent in their own country."

</doc>
<doc id="56824909" url="?curid=56824909" title="Lupi Productions">
Lupi Productions


</doc>
<doc id="56824911" url="?curid=56824911" title="Toshihiro Goto">
Toshihiro Goto

 is the former Head coach of the Sendai 89ers in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56824913" url="?curid=56824913" title="Vehicle registration plates of Palau">
Vehicle registration plates of Palau

Palau requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are North American standard 6 × 12 inches (152 × 305 mm). Most states issue metal plates, some stamped; however, some are hand painted, stenciled or of printed laminated paper on a wooden base. Most states issue new plates every few years, others use revalidation through stickers.
The designs of the plates vary by state, with each state issuing their own plates, although some states have less than 100 residents and the largest just 14,000. Palau witnessed several instances of political violence in the 1980s, due to state-by-state conflict over the nuclear issue, so in the 1990s a national plate was issued. This has since reverted to state-by-state production.

</doc>
<doc id="56824915" url="?curid=56824915" title="JPEGMafia">
JPEGMafia

Barrington DeVaughn Hendricks (born October 22, 1989), known professionally as JPEGMafia (stylized in all caps), is an American rapper, singer and record producer from Brooklyn, New York. His 2018 album "Veteran", released through Deathbomb Arc, received widespread critical acclaim and was featured on many year-end lists. It was followed by 2019's "All My Heroes Are Cornballs", released to further critical acclaim.
Early life and education.
Hendricks was born in Flatbush, Brooklyn, to Jamaican parents. He spent the majority of his childhood in Flatbush, before moving to Alabama at age 13, where he says he experienced a significant amount of racism which later had a great effect on his music. Hendricks moved to Louisiana and enlisted in the United States Air Force at age 18. He served a tour of duty in Iraq and also spent time in Kuwait, Germany, Japan, and North Africa, before being honorably discharged. Though he previously claimed to have a master's degree in journalism, Hendricks has since clarified that, though having studied the subject while deployed, he was not officially awarded a degree.
Career.
Hendricks developed an interest in music production at the age of 15, and he began producing after he learned how to sample. He has cited Kanye West, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Throbbing Gristle, MF Doom, Lil B, Chief Keef, Hanson, Ice Cube, Rick Rubin, Cam'Ron, Björk, Janelle Monáe, Radiohead, The Backstreet Boys and Arca as influences.
During his military stay in Japan, he was producing and writing music under the name Devon Hendryx. In 2015, he moved to Baltimore, where he began to make music under his moniker JPEGMafia, under which he released his mixtape "Communist Slow Jams" in April 2015. Only a month later, he released his mixtape "Darkskin Manson" which was inspired by the Freddie Gray protests in Baltimore that were happening right as he had moved there.
Following a number of mixtapes, Hendricks released his debut studio album, "Black Ben Carson", in February 2016 via Deathbomb Arc featuring a much harsher, distorted sound than his other projects. Four months later, he released a collaborative EP with fellow Baltimore-based rapper Freaky titled "The 2nd Amendment".
After less than 3 years living there, Hendricks moved from Baltimore to Los Angeles for his next studio album. In January 2018, he released his second studio album "Veteran". In an article on Bandcamp, he said "I wanted to show I'm not just a one-trick pony. I always do weird shit. I usually just keep it to myself. This time, I just let the filter go." At the time of its release, "Veteran" was considered JPEGMafia's most experimental album to date, receiving widespread critical acclaim.
After the release of "Veteran", Hendricks started working on his next album. He recorded 93 songs, and whittled it down to 18 tracks. He mixed and mastered it at the end of Vince Staples' tour, posting percentage updates frequently on his Instagram. Prior to the release, he would label the project as a "disappointment" in interviews and his social media. The first single from the album, "Jesus Forgive Me, I Am a Thot", was released on August 13, 2019. He promoted the album by uploading a series of listening sessions to his YouTube channel where his friends were discussing and reacting to the album. "All My Heroes Are Cornballs" was released on September 13, 2019, to further critical acclaim, and was his first album to chart. In October 2019, he embarked on the JPEGMafia Type Tour to support his new album.
In 2020, Hendricks released several singles across the span of the year, and compiled them into an EP, aptly titled "EP!". It was released on Hendricks' Bandcamp page on November 6, and on streaming services with the addition of one extra single on December 10. On February 12, 2021, Hendricks released his second extended play, "EP2!".
In other media.
In March 2020, Hendricks started a vlog series on his YouTube channel called HTBAR ("How To Build A Relationship"). The series feature JPEGMafia talking to other artists and friends about various topics, mostly about music, life and politics. Each episode's soundtrack consist of unreleased songs, demos and instrumentals produced by JPEGMafia. Artists that have featured on the vlog series include Danny Brown, Kenny Beats, Lykke Li, Orville Peck, Saba and more. Hendricks has also appeared on The Cave, a YouTube series created by hip hop producer Kenny Beats.
Hendricks is a fan of professional wrestling, and has incorporated several references to it in his songs. He made an appearance for wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling (AEW) on an episode of their television show "AEW Dynamite" in September 2020.
Hendricks appeared on the 7th episode of season 5 of "The Eric Andre Show", "Named After My Dad's Penis", and competed in the third "Rapper Warrior Ninja" sketch - a parody of the TV show "Sasuke" (which aired in the United States of America under the title "Ninja Warrior") and its American spin-off "American Ninja Warrior". Hendricks competed along with Lil Yachty, Murs, Trippie Redd, and Zack Fox in a challenge to cross a platform while freestyling and dodging various attacks. Hendricks fell off the platform while freestyling and failed.
Personal life.
Hendricks currently lives in Los Angeles, California. In April 2021, Hendricks revealed through social media that he had "a sexually, verbally, and physically abusive childhood."

</doc>
<doc id="56824917" url="?curid=56824917" title="Causes of preventable death">
Causes of preventable death


</doc>
<doc id="56824920" url="?curid=56824920" title="George fekkas">
George fekkas


</doc>
<doc id="56824926" url="?curid=56824926" title="Causes of maternal mortality in the United States">
Causes of maternal mortality in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56824934" url="?curid=56824934" title="WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal">
WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal

The WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal is a professional wrestling battle royal held at WrestleMania by the American professional wrestling promotion WWE. The inaugural battle royal was held during the WrestleMania 34 Kickoff pre-show in 2018. The winner of the match received the WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal Trophy.
The match was originally named The Fabulous Moolah Memorial Battle Royal in honor of The Fabulous Moolah, who was billed as a pioneer of women's wrestling. However, her name was removed from the match after backlash from fans due to the controversy surrounding Moolah's past. The match is the female counterpart to the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal, which was introduced at WrestleMania XXX in 2014.
The match returned at WrestleMania 35 in 2019, thus establishing the match as an annual tradition. However, the match did not occur at WrestleMania 36 in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the match's future is unclear.
History.
For WrestleMania XXX in 2014, WWE established the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal; however, it was only contested by male professional wrestlers. On the March 12, 2018, episode of "Raw", the promotion established a female version of the match titled The Fabulous Moolah Memorial Battle Royal in honor of The Fabulous Moolah. The first match was scheduled for WrestleMania 34 on April 8, with the winner to receive The Fabulous Moolah Memorial Trophy, made in the likeness of Moolah. After a controversy over their decision to honor Moolah, WWE changed the name to the "WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal." The trophy was subsequently renamed and it was redesigned as a simple golden cup with tassels atop the trophy's base. 
The inaugural match was held on WrestleMania 34's Kickoff pre-show and was won by Naomi, who last eliminated Bayley to win. The match was scheduled to return at WrestleMania 35 in 2019, thus establishing the match as a yearly tradition. This second match occurred during WrestleMania 35's Kickoff pre-show and was won by Carmella, who last eliminated Sarah Logan to win.
A third WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal was set to have occurred at WrestleMania 36 in 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which brought many changes to WWE's programming during that time, the match was not scheduled to limit the number of wrestlers in the ring at the same time. WrestleMania 36 itself, which was WWE's first pay-per-view affected by the pandemic, was relocated and held behind closed doors at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida. While the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal returned in 2021, there have been no announcements regarding the future of the WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal.
Name controversy.
The decision to hold a battle royal in honor of The Fabulous Moolah drew fan outrage. Tufayel Ahmed of "Newsweek" wrote that Moolah "isn't quite the bastion of female empowerment she is proclaimed to be," with "years of allegations" that she had "monopolized women's wrestling in North America," taken a large percentage of other wrestlers' pay, and "sexually exploited women under her mentorship." Jason Powell, from "Pro Wrestling Dot Net", criticized the tribute as it does not "exactly mesh with what WWE wants their women's division push to represent." David Bixenspan of "Deadspin" pointed out that given Moolah's alleged abuses, fans were particularly turned off by WWE personnel describing Moolah as a "trailblazer for women's equality." WWE also promoted Moolah as having "challenged the gender norms of a once male-dominated sport," but Bixenspan described that Moolah, by wrestling and teaching her students an "in-ring style low on athleticism and heavy on hair-pulling," relegated women's wrestling to "much more of a sideshow" instead of a "legitimate headline attraction" in the previous era. Mad Maxine, a wrestler trained by Moolah, commented that Moolah was the most "monstrous" person she had ever met, and that wrestling is "about generating heat. And you can't draw more heat than naming a match for The Fabulous Moolah."
On March 12, a Change.org petition appeared online demanding WWE change the name of its upcoming Fabulous Moolah Memorial Battle Royal, nearing its 10,000 signature goal. Initially, WWE reacted by disabling the comments section of their YouTube video that announced the Moolah battle royal. Later, Snickers, the primary sponsor of WrestleMania 34, called the decision to honor Moolah "unacceptable" and said they were "engaging with the WWE to express our disappointment." On March 14, WWE renamed the match "WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal," removing Moolah's name from the event. The trophy was also renamed and redesigned.

</doc>
<doc id="56824937" url="?curid=56824937" title="Fabulous Moolah Memorial Trohy">
Fabulous Moolah Memorial Trohy


</doc>
<doc id="56824938" url="?curid=56824938" title="Melissiatika railway station">
Melissiatika railway station

Melissiatika railway station () is a suburban railway station in Volos in Thessaly, Greece. The station opened in 1960, thus is the only station on the Larissa-Volos railway built after the opening of the line and the Thessaly Railways was absorbed by the Hellenic State Railways. It is served by local trains between Larissa and Volos.
Facilities.
The station is little more than a halt, with a single platform and brick shelter with a ticket office (closed). There are no facilities at the station, apart from 2 benches and a (doorless) shelter. 
Services.
The station was served by direct lines to the rest of Greece, via Larissa and is directly linked with Athens once per day, with Thessaloniki twice per day, and with Larissa 15 times a day. , passenger service has been suspended.

</doc>
<doc id="56824942" url="?curid=56824942" title="Louise Jordan Smith">
Louise Jordan Smith

Louise Jordan Smith (March 28, 1868 – December 31, 1928) was an American painter and academic.
Smith was active as an artist in Lynchburg, Virginia in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. In 1895 she and Bernhard Gutmann founded the Lynchburg Art League. During the 1890s she studied art in Paris for two years, and during that same decade she became chairman of the art department at Randolph-Macon Woman's College. A cousin of the institution's first president, William Waugh Smith, she held that "the only way to develop taste in art is to study paintings frequently, seriously, and at leisure," and it was she who suggested William Merritt Chase as the artist for his formal portrait, presented to the school in 1907 by the senior class of that year. The first art professor on the college's faculty, it was she who instigated the purchase of "Men of the Docks" by George Bellows in 1920, an event which marked the foundation of the school's Maier Museum of Art. It was also under her direction that the college held its First Annual Exhibition in 1911, believed to be the first exhibition of modern art held on a college campus anywhere in the United States. Furthermore, in 1893 Smith opened her lectures to the women of Lynchburg, which one source claims may have been the first organized system of adult education in Virginia. During her academic career Smith also taught French at the College, and invited prominent artists of her acquaintance to come and speak to the student body. At her death she was buried in the Warrenton Cemetery in Warrenton, Virginia.
Smith's pupils included Georgia Weston Morgan, herself to become a prominent figure in Lynchburg's artistic scene.

</doc>
<doc id="56824957" url="?curid=56824957" title="Ceyssatite">
Ceyssatite


</doc>
<doc id="56824962" url="?curid=56824962" title="Paul Hodea">
Paul Hodea

Paul Cristian Hodea (born 29 June 1998) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. Hodea made his Liga I debut on 29 June 2016 for Universitatea Craiova in a 2-0 win against Petrolul Ploiești.

</doc>
<doc id="56824968" url="?curid=56824968" title="Dogs of War (film)">
Dogs of War (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56824970" url="?curid=56824970" title="Charlton white">
Charlton white


</doc>
<doc id="56824972" url="?curid=56824972" title="Patricia Cruise">
Patricia Cruise

Sister Patricia Cruise is an American Roman Catholic nun who served as president of the North American agency Covenant House from 2003 to 2009. In 1979 she graduated from Russell Sage College in Troy, New York with a degree in physical education. In a 2003 speech in Times Square, Cruise accepted her presidency of Covenant House, telling the problems of homelessness and runaway youth in Mexico, Canada and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56824977" url="?curid=56824977" title="Vehicle registration plates of Papua New Guinea">
Vehicle registration plates of Papua New Guinea

Papua New Guinea requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are Australian standard 372 mm × 134 mm, and use Australian stamping dies.

</doc>
<doc id="56824982" url="?curid=56824982" title="Chu Yiu Ming">
Chu Yiu Ming


</doc>
<doc id="56824983" url="?curid=56824983" title="Carl Simonsen">
Carl Simonsen

Carl Nicolaj Marius Simonsen (30 November 1828 – 5 December 1902) was a Danish lithographer and publisher. He operated C. Simonsens Kunst- og Stentrykkeri from 1868 to 1898 and published the Danish magazine "Punch" from 1873 to 1895. His company was based at Gammel Strand 50 in Copenhagen. He was the father of the writer Konrad Simonsen.
Early life.
Simonsen was born in Copenhagen, the son of student Niels Simonsen and Caroline Hagemeister. He enrolled at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in 1841 where he won the small silver medal in March 1852. He later trained as a lithographer under Charles Lorilleux in Paris. He was represented on the Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition four times in the period 1848-1865.
Career.
Simonsen worked for Em. Bærentzen &amp; Co. from 1856 to 1861. In 1868 he established C. Simonsen &amp; P. Andersens Stentrykkeri together with a printmaker from his old employer after acquiring another printing business. The company changed its name to C. Simonsens Kunst- og Stentrykkeri when Andersen left it in 1870. He sold the company in 1898.
Simonsen created portraits of many historic as well as notable contemporary figures such as C.C. Hall, L.N. Hvidt, clockmaker Urban Jürgensen, the ccdancer Amalie Price, Frederikke Treschow, Johan Welhaven and Henrik Wergeland.
Simonsen was also the founder of the Danish version of the magazine "Punch" (1873–95).
Personal life.
Simonsen was married to Louise Oline Dihm (1838–1909) and the father of the writer Konrad Simonsen (28 December 1876 - 1 December 1945).
He is buried in Solbjerg Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56824985" url="?curid=56824985" title="Boosted fission device">
Boosted fission device


</doc>
<doc id="56824988" url="?curid=56824988" title="Boosted fission bomb">
Boosted fission bomb


</doc>
<doc id="56824989" url="?curid=56824989" title="Chessy copper">
Chessy copper


</doc>
<doc id="56825002" url="?curid=56825002" title="Anna Byford Leonard">
Anna Byford Leonard

Anna Byford Leonard (July 31, 1843 – ) was an American reformer, who was the first woman who was appointed sanitary inspector. She also served as president of the Woman's Canning and Preserving Company.
Early years.
Anna Byford was born in Mount Vernon, Indiana, July 31, 1843. She was a daughter of the physician and surgeon, William Heath Byford, of Chicago, Illinois. He was the founder and president of the Woman's Medical College of Chicago.
Career.
In 1889, Leonard was appointed sanitary inspector, being the first woman who ever held that position, and was enabled to carry out many of the needed reforms It was through her instrumentality, aided by the other five women on the force, that the eight-hour law was enforced, providing that children under fourteen years of age should not work more than eight hours a day. That was enforced in all dry-goods stores. Through her endeavors seats were placed in the stores and factories, and the employers were instructed that the girls were to be allowed to sit when not occupied with their duties. She was enabled to accomplish this through the fact that the physicians and women of Chicago were ready to sustain her, and the other fact that her position as a sanitary inspector of the health department made her an officer of the police force, thus giving her authority for any work she found necessary to do. As a result of this eight-hour law, schools were established in some of the stores from eight to ten a. m.. giving the younger children, who would spend that time on the street, two hours of solid schooling. In 1891, Leonard was made president of the Woman's Canning and Preserving Company, which, after one short year from its organization, she left with a factory, four stories and basement, with a working capital of . Leonard was an artist of ability, having studied abroad and traveled extensively.
Byford was a Theosophist. Some of her papers are held by New York Historical Society Museum &amp; Library.

</doc>
<doc id="56825003" url="?curid=56825003" title="Variable yield nuclear device">
Variable yield nuclear device


</doc>
<doc id="56825005" url="?curid=56825005" title="Westminster presbyterian">
Westminster presbyterian


</doc>
<doc id="56825008" url="?curid=56825008" title="Vesey Alfred Davoren">
Vesey Alfred Davoren

Vesey Alfred O'Davoren (Davoren) (Dublin, 8 December 1888 – LA, 30 May 1989), was a British soldier and film actor.
Life.
Davoren was a son of Vesey Henry William Davoren (1862–1944), an Irish surgeon, Major R.A.M.C., and Edith Anne, daughter of Alfred Hoyte, late Surgeon 61st Regiment. His parents had married in January 1888 and by 1915 they were living at Geeler House, Risbygate, Bury St Edmunds and Mrs Davoren was President of the local branch of the League of Pity. There is a Davoren Walk in Bury.
His father was educated at St. Paul's School, London; Trinity College Dublin (TCD); and R.C.S.I. He qualified L.R.C.S.I., 1884 and L.R.C.P.I., 1886, and entered A.M.S. 1887. He was promoted Major, 1889 and retired 1907. He was Mayor of Bury St. Edmunds in 1912. He was re-employed during World War I at Bury St. Edmund's and died at Redhill, 23 January 1944.
World War I.
He enrolled in the British Army's 7th Suffolk Regiment, under the command of Colonel Charles Douglas Parry Crooke. In October 1915 his Company ("B") was massacred in action around the Hohenzollern Redoubt, just after the Battle of Loos.
The 7th Battalion of the Suffolk Regiment's "War Diary", 13 October 1915, states that "Davoren ... was wounded [shot in foot and then side] in the action on the Hohenzollern Redoubt on 11 October, but continued to lead his Company until killed by a shot from a machine gun." Davoren was rescued, carried for two miles, by Sergeant-Major Martin, of Bury.
Film career.
In his youth, as an undergraduate, before World War I he acted in Dublin's Abbey Theatre. In the 1914–1919 war he was wounded thrice and was at one time reported dead. He temporarily lost his voice in a German mustard gas attack, and was given six months to live if he moved to a dry climate. He arrived in Hollywood, California, with his wife in 1920 where he acted in silent films before recovering his voice. He also directed plays and was in an early Hollywood Bowl production of "The Pied Piper", taking the title role. 
He had changed his name to O'Davoren on arriving in America, on applying for U.S. Citizenship, perhaps aware of the romanticism of the Clann O'Dabhoireann and the American fondness for things Irish.
Between 1927 and 1957, he appeared in circa 67 films, mostly as butlers.
Wife.
Ivy Flossie 'Madame' de Verley, (Kingston, Jamaica, 27 July 1879 – Los Angeles, U.S.A., 27 December 1963, aged 84), daughter of Jamaican merchant Louis Francois Verley (1817–1901).
She survived the November 1907 Kingston earthquake, though her first husband (she had married Richard Walter Bradley in 1905) was killed, they lived at lived at Bamboo Cottage, Kingston. A portrait painter. She was photographed by James McBey.
Involved with or conducted the Scarab Salon in London she was said to have studied with Sir William Orpen and Richard Jack, R.A. (1866–1952). She also studied in Berlin with Clara Berkowski (Königsberg, 1857–). She made portraits of, amongst others, Nola Luxford, Raymond Blathwayte (1855–1935), (journalist and film actor), James McBey, Alan Odle and Halliwell Hobbes. Some of her "Life Masks" were shown at the New York Independent exhibition (Raymond Blathwayte and James McBey), and at the Southwest Museum, the spring exhibition known as "Selected Work by Western Painters", Los Angeles Museum, May 1922/1923.
She also exhibited at: "Independents", NYC, 1924, Society of Independent Artists, the Waldorf-Astoria, New York, from 7 to 30 March, inclusive. and "Salons of America".
Her works were in the collections of the: Civic Club, NYC; Orange Co. (CA) Museum Orange County Museum of Art (OCMA); Freelance Art League (LA), 1925; Pasadena Art Institute, Pasadena, 1928; Ebell Club (LA), 1920s (she was a member); Surf and Sand Club, Hermosa Beach, California, 1925; Friday Morning Club (LA), 1930.
They married on or by 15 January 1916, perhaps having met while he was in the Chelsea Hospital, London.
In 1922 she and Vesey had built a 2,500 square foot house in West Hollywood, California, in Hollywood's Sunset Strip, near Beverly Boulevard and Sunset Las Palmas Studios, at 2049 North Las Palmas Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90068. It still exists.

</doc>
<doc id="56825009" url="?curid=56825009" title="Variable yield nuclear weapon">
Variable yield nuclear weapon


</doc>
<doc id="56825013" url="?curid=56825013" title="The Versatones">
The Versatones


</doc>
<doc id="56825037" url="?curid=56825037" title="Vehicle registration plates of Samoa">
Vehicle registration plates of Samoa

Samoa requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are Australian standard 372 mm × 134 mm, and use Australian and New Zealand stamping dies, as zeroes now have a slash through them (e.g. 52Ø9, 128Ø7).

</doc>
<doc id="56825039" url="?curid=56825039" title="Rareș Lazăr">
Rareș Lazăr

Rareș Ștefănuț Lazăr (born 28 March 1999) is Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for SSU Politehnica Timișoara, on loan from Rapid București. Lazăr made his Liga I debut on 17 May 2014 for FC Vaslui in a 0-2 defeat against Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț, being, at 15 years, 1 month and 19 days, the second youngest player who made his debut in the first league, after Nicolae Dobrin. He also entered in the history as FC Vaslui youngest player in an official match.

</doc>
<doc id="56825054" url="?curid=56825054" title="Chilean nitre">
Chilean nitre


</doc>
<doc id="56825061" url="?curid=56825061" title="C. C. Stroud">
C. C. Stroud


</doc>
<doc id="56825066" url="?curid=56825066" title="Germano Pierdomenico">
Germano Pierdomenico

Germano Pierdomenico (born 12 June 1967) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="56825068" url="?curid=56825068" title="China bark">
China bark


</doc>
<doc id="56825071" url="?curid=56825071" title="Necton Mhura">
Necton Mhura

Necton Darlington Mhura (1957 – February 19, 2018) was a Malawian academic, diplomat and politician. He served as Malawi's Ambassador to the United States, with dual accreditation to Canada and Mexico, from May 2015 to September 2016 and the Permanent Representative of Malawi to the United Nations from 2016 until his death in office on February 19, 2018.
Biography.
Mhura received his Bachelor of Laws from the University of Malawi and his Master of Laws from the University of London. He joined the University of Edinburgh as a research fellow from 1985 until 1988.
Career.
Mhura taught as a law lecturer at Malawi Polytechnic from 1995 until 1998. He then served as the head of department of law at the University of Malawi from 1996 until 2002, acting Dean of the university from 1997 until 2000, and Dean of the Faculty of Law at University of Malawi, Chancellor College, from 2004 until 2007.
He was appointed as the national Commissioner of Lands for the Malawi's Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development from 2009 to 2010 and the Deputy Chief Secretary to the Government of Malawi from 2010 until 2012. He practiced law from 2012 until 2015, when he was appointed Ambassador to the United States.
Ambassador to the United States.
Necton Mhura served as Ambassador to the United States from May 2015 until September 2016. He concurrently served as the non-resident High Commissioner to Canada and the Bahamas, as well as the non-resident Ambassador to Cuba and Mexico. He was appointed Ambassador to the United States on May 18, 2015.
Permanent Representative to the United Nations.
In September 2016, Mhura was appointed Permanent Representative of Malawi to the United Nations. He presented his credentials to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on September 9, 2016. He remained in the position until his death on February 19, 2018.
Necton Mhura died of complications from cancer at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey, on February 19, 2018, at the age of 61. He was survived by his wife and three children. A memorial service was held in Yonkers, New York, before his body was flown to Malawi. Mhura was buried in the city of Zomba, Malawi, on March 1, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56825092" url="?curid=56825092" title="Gobiobotia abbreviata">
Gobiobotia abbreviata

Gobiobotia abbreviata is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the upper drainages of the Yangtze in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825095" url="?curid=56825095" title="Chinese cinnamon oil">
Chinese cinnamon oil


</doc>
<doc id="56825099" url="?curid=56825099" title="Vehicle registration plates of Tonga">
Vehicle registration plates of Tonga

Tonga requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are Australian standard 372 mm × 134 mm, are white on black, and it is the duty of the owner to get the license plate made.

</doc>
<doc id="56825104" url="?curid=56825104" title="Pillywags' Mansion">
Pillywags' Mansion


</doc>
<doc id="56825110" url="?curid=56825110" title="Lucas Merolla">
Lucas Merolla

Lucas Gabriel Merolla (born 27 June 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for Huracán.
Career.
Huracán became Merolla's first senior club in 2016, he was an unused sub twice during March for a Copa Libertadores match with Peñarol on 1 March and an Argentine Primera División match with Estudiantes on 5 March. On 30 June, Merolla was loaned to Deportivo Español of Primera B Metropolitana. He made his professional debut on 15 October against Talleres, before featuring thirty-five times more and scoring three goals as Deportivo Español reached the promotion play-offs but missed out after losing to eventual winners Deportivo Riestra. On 28 August 2017, Merolla joined Primera B Nacional side Guillermo Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="56825119" url="?curid=56825119" title="Karl Diehl (Economist)">
Karl Diehl (Economist)


</doc>
<doc id="56825121" url="?curid=56825121" title="Mauro Zanetti (cyclist)">
Mauro Zanetti (cyclist)


</doc>
<doc id="56825124" url="?curid=56825124" title="Gobiobotia brevibarba">
Gobiobotia brevibarba

Gobiobotia brevibarba is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56825126" url="?curid=56825126" title="George W. Jackson (developer)">
George W. Jackson (developer)

George W. Jackson (born January 1, 1953) is an American real estate developer who, from 2002 to 2014, served as President &amp; CEO of the Detroit Economic Growth Corp (DEGC), which oversaw many of the city's major renovations of business districts, entertainment centers, and urban residential areas in Detroit, Michigan
Early life and education.
Jackson was born in 1952 in Detroit, Michigan and graduated from Cooley High School. He went on to earn a bachelor's degree in human resource development from Oakland University and a master's degree in business management from Central Michigan University.
Jackson worked in personnel and human resources with the U.S. Navy and has been on the faculty of Lawrence Technological University.
Career.
Jackson worked at DTE Energy for 27 years. He began his career with DTE as a personnel analyst and left as Director of Marketing and Economic Development. During his tenure, DTE's Energy Economic Development Department gained national recognition and received Site Selection Magazine's Utility Economic Development Award.
Detroit Economic Growth Corporation (DEGC).
In February 2002, Jackson began his career at the DEGC as the Interim President and was elected President &amp; CEO in April, 2002. Under Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and Mayor Dave Bing, Jackson played a lead role in negotiating, planning and implementing virtually all of the Detroit's major economic development deals
During his tenure at the DEGC, Jackson also served as the professional &amp; administrative staff for the Downtown Development Authority (DDA), Detroit Brownfield Redevelopment Authority (DBRA), Economic Development Corporation (EDC), Neighborhood Development Corporation (NDC), Local Development Finance Authority (LDFA), and Tax Increment Finance Authority (TIFA). From 2006 to 2010, Jackson was named Chief Development Officer for the City of Detroit. Jackson is the past chairman and a current board member of the NextEnergy Corp.; chairman of the board of the Eastern Market Corporation; chairman for the Greater Detroit Foreign Trade Zone; on the executive committee of the Downtown Partnership; and is the steering committee chair of Detroit Future City.
Post-DEGC work.
After his retirement, Jackson began his own real estate consulting firm, Ventra Group, where he currently acts as President &amp; CEO.
Since retiring from the DEGC, Jackson has worked as a development consultant for residential projects in District Detroit 
and is developing a vacant Eastern Market property, located at 3500 Riopelle Street. The development will exists as a new food business hub and will contain a brewery, restaurants, and retail as well as food processing, preservation, storage, and production facilities.
Personal life.
Jackson is the single father of three sons.
Awards and accolades.
Jackson has won several awards for his work in the Detroit area. In 2006, the city magazine "Hour Detroit" named Jackson "Detroiter of the Year" In 2007, Oakland County's economic initiative Automation Alley awarded him the "CEO of the Year". &lt;br&gt; In 2009, the Friends School in Detroit gave him a "Revitalization of the City Award". In 2016, the publishing company "Crain's Detroit Business" listed him in its "50 Names to Know: Real Estate" article.

</doc>
<doc id="56825128" url="?curid=56825128" title="G.Nius">
G.Nius

G.Nius is a 1988 French action video game developed by Lankhor for Amiga and Atari ST.
Plot.
The player is a robot named G.Nius who has crash-landed his spaceship. He needs to escape the ship before it vaporizes by visiting every room to turn off a switch.
Development.
The game experienced significant distribution problems. The game was prevented from being sold in parts of France.
Reception.
"The Games Machine" felt the game could be annoying and confusing at times. "ACE" magazine praised the frenetic, zany action, as well as the aesthetics.

</doc>
<doc id="56825129" url="?curid=56825129" title="Broom-tip">
Broom-tip


</doc>
<doc id="56825131" url="?curid=56825131" title="Heinrich (farmer)">
Heinrich (farmer)


</doc>
<doc id="56825134" url="?curid=56825134" title="Bardoff">
Bardoff


</doc>
<doc id="56825139" url="?curid=56825139" title="Criticism of the investment banking industry">
Criticism of the investment banking industry


</doc>
<doc id="56825141" url="?curid=56825141" title="Bardof">
Bardof


</doc>
<doc id="56825142" url="?curid=56825142" title="Gold Mountain (Chinese name for part of North America)">
Gold Mountain (Chinese name for part of North America)


</doc>
<doc id="56825147" url="?curid=56825147" title="Expedition 56">
Expedition 56

Expedition 56 was the 56th expedition to the International Space Station, which began on 3 June 2018 upon the departure of Soyuz MS-07. Andrew Feustel, Oleg Artemyev, and Richard R. Arnold were transferred from Expedition 55, with Andrew Feustel taking the commander role. Alexander Gerst, Serena M. Auñón-Chancellor, and Sergey Prokopyev launched aboard Soyuz MS-09, on June 6, 2018. Expedition 56 ended with the departure of Soyuz MS-08 on 4 October 2018.
Crew.
Originally NASA Astronaut Jeanette Epps was assigned as flight engineer for Expeditions 56 and 57, becoming the first African American space station crew member and the 15th African American to fly in space, but on January 16, 2018, NASA announced that Epps had been replaced by her backup Serena M. Auñón-Chancellor with no announced explanation as to why.
Uncrewed spaceflights to the ISS.
Resupply missions that visited the International Space Station during Expedition 56:
Leak.
On August 29, 2018, a small leak was detected through a drop in air pressure by the flight controllers. After learning about the leak upon waking up, the astronauts discovered a 2 mm hole in the orbital module of the Soyuz MS-09 spacecraft. The hole was initially repaired with tape, followed by a permanent repair with gauze and epoxy.

</doc>
<doc id="56825149" url="?curid=56825149" title="Vehicle registration plates of Tuvalu">
Vehicle registration plates of Tuvalu

Tuvalu requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are Australian standard 372 mm × 134 mm, are white on black, and it is the duty of the owner to get the license plate made.

</doc>
<doc id="56825151" url="?curid=56825151" title="Sparrowhawk Brook">
Sparrowhawk Brook

Sparrowhawk Brook is a creek that flows into Schenevus Creek in Schenevus, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="56825152" url="?curid=56825152" title="No. 1340 Flight RAF">
No. 1340 Flight RAF

No. 1340 (Special Duties) Flight RAF (1340 Flt) was a flight of the Royal Air Force. In its first formation in India it was equipped with Vultee Vengeance Mk. IIIs and a single North American Harvard. In its second formation in Kenya it flew Harvards built under licence in Canada by Noorduyn.
Although Harvards were mostly used by the RAF as trainers or target tugs, the aircraft of 1340 Flt in Kenya were armed with bombs and a machine-gun, for operations against the Mau Mau in Kenya in the early 1950s.
History.
First formation.
1340 Flt was first formed c1945 at the Indian Air Force base at Sulur, Kerala State, India. It was equipped with three Vultee Vengeance Mk. IIIs and a Harvard IIB.
The flight was formed to carry out trials of mustard gas attacks for the Chemical Defence Research Department (India) (CDRD, now at Porton Down, Wiltshire), in preparation for expected similar attacks by the Japanese, who had already used it during the Second Sino-Japanese war. The flight was nominally under the control of 225 Group in Bangalore, part of Air Headquarters, RAF India, but flew under the direction of CDRD.
Operations.
The Vengeances dropped 65-lb canisters and 500 lb clusters of mustard gas, and also sprayed it on Indian troops on the ground to test anti-gas protection such as gas capes and footwear. The unprotected troops, who may have been unaware of the danger, suffered many burns and blisters.
The flight transferred to from Sulur to Cannonore (Kannur), Kerala State on 11 October 1945, where an airstrip was created on the maidan, a large public area overlooking the sea. There were two trials ranges, at Kumbla and Porkal, situated on the coast approx 40 miles (65 km) N. of Cannanore. Further chemical weapons trials continued until February 1946 when the surplus stocks of gas were dumped at sea. 1340 Flt disbanded on 31 March 1946.
Incidents.
On 5 December 1945 W/Cdr Edmondes took off solo in his Harvard (FE965) to make a reconnaissance round the Porkal area. His engined failed, and he made a successful forced landing in a paddy field about 10 miles inland. He was unhurt.
Second formation.
The flight was re-formed on 23 March 1953 as No. 1340 Flight RAF at RAF Thornhill, Gwelo, Southern Rhodesia (now Gweru-Thornhill Air Base, Zimbabwe), in response to the Mau Mau uprising in neighbouring Kenya. The Harvard IIB aircraft came from No. 5 Flying Training School RAF (3rd Formation) based at Thornhill, part of the Rhodesian Air Training Group. The Harvards had been previously temporarily based at No. 4 Flying Training School RAF at RAF Heany, near Bulawayo.
Although some Harvards from Thornhill had been offered in February 1953 to the Kenyan authorities on the advice of General William "Looney" Hinde, the Director of Operations, a decision wasn't taken until the Chief of the Imperial General Staff, General Sir John Harding, visited Kenya to see the worsening security situation. Twelve Harvards from Thornhill were recommended to support two infantry battalions and an infantry brigade headquarters (39 Brigade), to restore security. Winston Churchill's cabinet endorsed the move on 10 March, and by the end of the month the establishment of 1340 Flight was formally approved.
The flight arrived at RAF Eastleigh, Nairobi, Kenya, on 27 March 1953, commanded by Squadron Leader Charles G. St. David Jefferies, equipped with 12 Noorduyn Harvard IIBs, eight operational and four in reserve, with two being serviced any one time.
The aircraft were fitted with bomb racks under the wings to take eight fragmentation bombs and a single Browning .303 machine gun under the starboard wing, with the ammunition carried inside the wing. Because of the wooded terrain, the Harvards weren't used for two months because General Hinde thought they would be ineffective.
The RAF was assisted by five Piper PA-22 Tri-Pacer aircraft belonging to the Kenya Police Reserve Air Wing (KPRW). In October 1953 six RAF pilots were seconded to the KRPW to fly the Tri-Pacers. Being on secondment, the pilots adopted the attitude to discipline of the Kenya Police; it was somewhat more relaxed than that of the RAF. The Tri-Pacers weren't originally armed, although they were later fitted with a single rack for four bombs behind the rear of cabin.
1340 Flight, along with the KPRW Tri-Pacers deployed forward from Eastleigh to Nyeri airfield, which lay between Mount Kenya and the Aberdare Range, and a basic Operations Centre was set up in the nearby town of Mweiga. An RAF Regiment detachment eventually took over airfield defence from the RAF groundcrew.
Operations.
Working with the Army or local security forces on the ground, the Tri-Pacers would drop phosphorus grenades (e.g. No. 76 Special Incendiary Grenade) from the cockpit as markers, followed by the flight of eight Harvards which dropped their bombs on the target. From November 1953 various detachments of Avro Lincoln bombers were also stationed at RAF Eastleigh, armed with fourteen bombs: No. 49 Squadron RAF, No. 100 Squadron RAF, No. 61 Squadron RAF, No. 214 Squadron RAF, and 49 Squadron again from December 1954.
There was a lack of coordination between the various armed services until May 1954 when Air Commodore Walter Beisiegel was appointed as Senior RAF Officer (SRAFO). He stayed until September 1955 and improved the process of target-marking by the Piper Tri-Pacers and the bombing of the Mau Mau by the Harvards and Lincolns.
No. 1340 Flight was disbanded on 30 September 1955. During the course of the Mau Mau emergency, the flight had dropped 21,936 20-lb. bombs and lost five aircraft in accidents.
Incidents.
On 19 April 1954 three Harvards were caught in a down-draught and crash-landed in the Aberdare Range.
Three Tri-Pacers were also lost to accidents.

</doc>
<doc id="56825154" url="?curid=56825154" title="Chinidine">
Chinidine


</doc>
<doc id="56825159" url="?curid=56825159" title="Hospitality automation">
Hospitality automation


</doc>
<doc id="56825160" url="?curid=56825160" title="Sherp">
Sherp

SHERP is a Ukrainian ATV designed for rough and soggy terrain. The company is certified with international quality standards ISO 9001 and its headquartered in Kiev, Ukraine. Its vehicles are sold all over the world through a wide dealership network including ARGO and STREIT Group.
The key feature of SHERP vehicles is the large wheels with an onboard system to inflate or deflate them, which allows vehicles to travel through water, cross brushwood, scramble and climb up thin ice.
This design concept is copied by other manufacturers like BigBo and Shatun (articulated steering).
In the media.
On February 2016 SHERP appeared on the show Top Gear.
In July 2017 SHERP was demonstrated in the Canadian towns of Whitehorse and Yellowknife.
In October 2017 SHERP was shown on the "Diesel Brothers" TV show.
In January 2018 the Sudbury SHERP dealer featured on Discovery Canada show "Daily Planet".
In July 2019 the SHERP is featured with 2 Chainz in GQ and Viceland's video series "Most Expensivest Sh*t".
In August 2019 SHERP is featured with Kevin Hart on Jay Leno's Garage
In November 2019, SHERP were featured in Kanye West’s music videos for Follow God and Closed on Sunday

</doc>
<doc id="56825172" url="?curid=56825172" title="Gobiobotia brevirostris">
Gobiobotia brevirostris

Gobiobotia brevirostris is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the Baihe and Xihe rivers in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825175" url="?curid=56825175" title="Susannah Fauntleroy Quarles Nicholson">
Susannah Fauntleroy Quarles Nicholson

Susannah (sometimes Susanna) Fauntleroy Quarles Nicholson (1804–1858) was an American painter.
Nicholson was born in King William County, Virginia, the fifth of eight children, and was the daughter of Francis West Quarles and Lucy Daingerfield Smith Quarles. She was descended from a family of some prominence in Lynchburg, Virginia. It has been posited that she attended a female academy in her youth, as her work appears to feature the influence of both theorem painting and instructional drawing books. Details of her early life were kept secret by her family, but it appears that early on, prior to her union with Nicholson, she married a poor music teacher, an immigrant from Italy; other "colorful" happenings have also been hinted at, though with scant evidence. Her second husband was the painter Jacob Cannon Nicholson.
The Nicholsons are recorded as working as portraitists in Amherst, Virginia in 1839, and together the couple advertised their services as both portraitists and miniaturists in the "Lynchburg Virginian". Otherwise it appears that she worked largely in Baltimore, in which city she died. Among the couple's children was John A. Nicholson, later to be elected a member of the United States Congress representing Delaware. A handful of Susannah Nicholson's paintings exist in public collections today. These include six portraits of members of the Quarles family, done during her Virginia sojourn, currently owned by the Huntington Museum of Art in West Virginia. The Maryland Historical Society owns a portrait of Laura Jane "Jennie" Harris, dating to c. 1853, while the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum owns a genre painting titled "Woman Reading a Book"; this latter is the only non-portrait work known by the artist's hand.

</doc>
<doc id="56825177" url="?curid=56825177" title="Western Rites">
Western Rites


</doc>
<doc id="56825179" url="?curid=56825179" title="Western rites">
Western rites


</doc>
<doc id="56825185" url="?curid=56825185" title="Whitney Brook (New York)">
Whitney Brook (New York)

Whitney Brook is a creek that flows into Schenevus Creek in Maryland, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="56825187" url="?curid=56825187" title="Shen Wai International School">
Shen Wai International School

Shen Wai International School (SWIS; ) is an international school in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. Its students are children of foreign expatriate workers and people with residency in Hong Kong and Macau as well as the current Republic of China (Taiwan) jurisdiction of Taiwan, the Pescadores, and Kinmen and Matsu. It is the international section of the Shenzhen Foreign Languages School.
SWIS is an authorized International Baccalaureate (IB) school for students aged 4-18: IB Primary Years Programme (PYP), Middle Years Programme (MYP) and Diploma Programme (DP) It is authorized by the Council of International Schools (CIS).and Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC)

</doc>
<doc id="56825192" url="?curid=56825192" title="Vehicle registration plates of Vanuatu">
Vehicle registration plates of Vanuatu

Vanuatu requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are Australian standard 372 mm × 134 mm, are white on black, and it is the duty of the owner to get the license plate made.

</doc>
<doc id="56825195" url="?curid=56825195" title="Chloracetophenone">
Chloracetophenone


</doc>
<doc id="56825199" url="?curid=56825199" title="Le Réquisitionnaire">
Le Réquisitionnaire

Le Réquisitionnaire (English "The Conscript" or "The Recruit") is a short story by Honoré de Balzac. It was published in 1831 and is one of the "Études philosophiques" of "La Comédie humaine".
Plot summary.
The story is set in 1793 in Carentan, in Normandy. A local aristocrat, Madame de Dey lives at her estate at Carentan to ensure that it is not confiscated by the government. Her son is taking part in a Royalist uprising. She refuses visitors for two days, and buys a hare at the market. This arouses suspicions that she is either sheltering a Royalist priest or hiding a lover.
When visited by a local merchant, she admits that she has received a letter from her son. He has written that he was captured during a failed attack on Granville, but that he will escape, and take shelter with her. He mentions a three-day period during which he should be expected. She holds a social gathering at her home on the third night that her son is expected to arrive. She acts calmly, and all but the local prosecutor leave early. The prosecutor warns that he will have her house searched the next day. He hints that he might save her. He politely leaves when there is a knock on the door.
In the meantime, a group of conscripts is expected at the city, and one reports to a local official. He is billeted to stay at Madame de Dey's home. 
The visitor who has knocked at Madame de Dey's door is taken to her son's room. She greets him, and is shocked to discover that it is not her son, but a Parisian conscript who has been billeted to her home. She dies that night, and on the same night her son is shot in Morbihan.
Historical background.
The story is set during the French Revolution. The main character's son is involved in the Vendéen Royalist Uprising. The story takes place in November 1793, shortly after a failed Royalist attack on Granville.

</doc>
<doc id="56825201" url="?curid=56825201" title="Gobiobotia cheni">
Gobiobotia cheni

Gobiobotia cheni is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Taiwan.
Named in honor of vertebrate zoologist Jianshen (“Johnson”) T. F. Chen (1898-1988), Director, National Taiwan Museum (Taipei), who provided type specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="56825207" url="?curid=56825207" title="History of pharmacy automation">
History of pharmacy automation


</doc>
<doc id="56825208" url="?curid=56825208" title="Chloral glucose">
Chloral glucose


</doc>
<doc id="56825209" url="?curid=56825209" title="Yasunori Ueda">
Yasunori Ueda

 is the former Head coach of the Iwate Big Bulls in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56825210" url="?curid=56825210" title="Morehouse Brook">
Morehouse Brook

Morehouse Brook is a creek that flows into Schenevus Creek west of Maryland, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="56825212" url="?curid=56825212" title="Chloral hydrate antipyrine">
Chloral hydrate antipyrine


</doc>
<doc id="56825216" url="?curid=56825216" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 3000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 3000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56825219" url="?curid=56825219" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Women's 1500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56825227" url="?curid=56825227" title="Chlorallylene">
Chlorallylene


</doc>
<doc id="56825231" url="?curid=56825231" title="2017-18 St. John's Edge season">
2017-18 St. John's Edge season


</doc>
<doc id="56825237" url="?curid=56825237" title="Chloralum">
Chloralum


</doc>
<doc id="56825243" url="?curid=56825243" title="Gobiobotia filifer">
Gobiobotia filifer

Gobiobotia filifer is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in the Yangtze River in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825244" url="?curid=56825244" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 1500 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56825254" url="?curid=56825254" title="Wall follower">
Wall follower


</doc>
<doc id="56825257" url="?curid=56825257" title="P-chloraniline">
P-chloraniline


</doc>
<doc id="56825259" url="?curid=56825259" title="1936-37 Arsenal F.C. season">
1936-37 Arsenal F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="56825267" url="?curid=56825267" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 10000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56825272" url="?curid=56825272" title="Charles Sarkis">
Charles Sarkis

Charles F. Sarkis (30 January 1940 – 11 March 2018) was an American restaurateur and dog racetrack owner who founded the Back Bay Restaurant Group and owned Wonderland Greyhound Park.
Early life.
Sarkis was raised in Milton, Massachusetts. His father, Abraham Sarkis, was a well-known Boston bookmaker. His sister, Dorothy Morkis, was an equestrian who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics. Sarkis received a bachelor's degree in business from Georgetown University and a master's in business from Boston College. While at Georgetown, Sarkis witnessed the gentrification of the Georgetown neighborhood and was inspired to do the same in Back Bay.
Business career.
Back Bay Restaurant Group.
In 1964, Sarkis purchased Boraschi's restaurant in Boston. In 1968, he opened his second restaurant, Charley's, on Newbury Street. In 1992 he spun off his restaurant business into the Back Bay Restaurant Group, which went public at $17 a share. By 1999 the company stock had dropped to $3.50 a share and Sarkis took the company private for $38 million. By 2002, Back Bay Restaurant Group consisted of 35 restaurants on the East Coast, including the Abe &amp; Louie's, J.C. Hillary's, Atlantic Fish Co., Coach Grill, Joe's American Bar &amp; Grill, and Papa Razzi chains.
In 2011, Sarkis sold 33 of his restaurants, which included 15 Joe's American Bar &amp; Grill locations, 12 Papa Razzi restaurants and his flagship enterprise, Abe &amp; Louie's to the Tavistock Restaurants, LLC. In March 2012 he sold seven Papa Razzi locations to the Newport Harbor Group. In December 2013, he closed his final two Massachusetts restaurants, Papa Razzi and Joe's American Bar and Grill in Hanover. His two remaining restaurants, both located in New Jersey, were closed at the end of March 2018.
Wonderland Greyhound Park.
In 1977, Sarkis purchased Wonderland Greyhound Park for $1.7 million. In 1990, 40 people, including Sarkis' father and Wonderland's general manager, were indicted on charges of running an illegal gaming operation at the track. Sarkis was not charged in the case however, according to him "I think Wonderland always tarnished [my record]...It is what it is. My father was my father." When Sarkis' restaurant business went public in 1992, he stepped away from the track's day-to-day operations, but remained its majority shareholder and chairman. Commercial dog racing was made illegal by the Massachusetts Greyhound Protection Act, a 2008 ballot measure that passed 56% to 44%. Live races ended at the Wonderland Greyhound Park on September 18, 2009, and the park closed its doors on August 19, 2010, laying off the remaining 75–80 workers.
Foxboro Park.
In 1990, Sarkis, entered an agreement to lease Foxboro Raceway from a group run by Eddie Andelman. He hoped to use the track for Thoroughbred racing (which had not been held in Massachusetts since Suffolk Downs closed in 1989), off-track betting, and harness racing. He upgraded the track to include a grandstand pub, circle lounge area, new front-stretch chute, two teletheaters, 155 mutuel machines, and 50 personal betting machines (more than any other U.S. track at that time and the first such machines at any track in New England). The track reopened on May 27, 1992, under the name Foxboro Park. Foxboro Park was unprofitable due to an outbreak of an equine virus, a low level of betting, and significant cost overruns during construction. In 1996, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft purchased the track and moved to evict Sarkis on the grounds that he did not have a valid lease. On July 29, 1997, Sarkis was ordered to vacate the property.
Personal life.
In 1964, Sarkis married Nancy Hennessey. The couple had six children. They divorced in 1998. The following year, Sarkis married "Fortune" president and publisher Jolene Sykes. The couple resided in Palm Beach, Florida.
In September 1995, Sarkis was diagnosed with a brain tumor. He chose a successor and announced his illness to employees and investors. He underwent surgery the following month to extract the tumor, which was found to be benign. After a few months of chemotherapy, radiation, and other treatments, Sarkis was able to return to work.
As part of Bay Back Restaurant Group's sale to Tavistock, Tavistock required that Sarkis' three children that worked for Bay Back Restaurant Group sign noncompete clauses. All three refused and Sarkis moved against them. One son, who had been effectively running the company, quit after his father threatened to fire him. Sarkis also suspended a daughter from her job without pay and sought to have another son removed from his position on the Back Bay Architectural Commission.
In 2010, Sarkis suffered a reoccurrence of his brain tumor. He died on March 11, 2018, of complications from brain cancer. He was 78 years old. Following his death, the remains of the Back Bay Restaurant Group were shut down for good.

</doc>
<doc id="56825276" url="?curid=56825276" title="Automated customer support">
Automated customer support


</doc>
<doc id="56825279" url="?curid=56825279" title="Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 5000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1999 Asian Winter Games - Men's 5000 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56825286" url="?curid=56825286" title="Gobiobotia guilingensis">
Gobiobotia guilingensis

Gobiobotia guilingensis is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825290" url="?curid=56825290" title="Nan Xiaoheng">
Nan Xiaoheng

Nan Xiaoheng (; born 23 December 1995) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Sichuan Jiuniu in the China League One.
Club career.
Nan Xiaoheng started his professional football career when he was promoted to China League One side Shenyang Zhongze's first team squad. On 14 April 2014, he made his senior debut in a 6–0 away win over amateur team Shenyang Riverside in the 2014 Chinese FA Cup. Nan joined hometown club Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard in 2015 after Shenyang Zhongze's dissolution. He was promoted to the first team in the 2016 season. On 12 March 2016, Nan made his debut for the club in a 2–1 away defeat against Shenzhen in the opening match of the season, coming on as a substitute for Tong Xiaoxing in the 69th minute. Nan scored his first and second senior goal on 10 April 2016, in a 3–2 away defeat against Qingdao Huanghai.
Nan transferred to Chinese Super League side Jiangsu Suning in February 2017. He failed to register for official league match due to transfer slot limit and played for reserve team instead. Nan officially joined Jiangsu Suning in 2018. He made his Super League debut on 11 March 2018 in a 2–1 home defeat against Beijing Sinobo Guoan, coming on for Xie Pengfei in the 79th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="56825292" url="?curid=56825292" title="Chlorbenzene">
Chlorbenzene


</doc>
<doc id="56825295" url="?curid=56825295" title="Minie">
Minie


</doc>
<doc id="56825299" url="?curid=56825299" title="DucKon">
DucKon

DucKon was an annual science fiction convention held every May or June in the Chicago area between 1991 and 2014. The name is a shortening of DUpage County KONvention. 
DucKon served as a fundraiser for Super-Con-Duck-Tivity, a non-profit organization known for creating and administering the Golden Duck Awards for excellence in children's science fiction literature.
History.
The first DucKon was held in 1992. The first three DucKons were chaired by Candis King. DucKon is known for heavily fannish programming and a strong science track of programming.
DucKon 3 was the first year that the convention had a furry track of programming; that furry track grew over the years and by DucKon 8 was believed to be responsible for up to 1/3 of the attendance. In 2000, most of the furry programming was spun off to become its own convention: Midwest FurFest, although DucKon continued to maintain a furry track of its own.
Music at DucKon.
Musical performances were also a feature of DucKon. Songwriter Tom Smith released an album entitled "Live at DucKon 2010". Many performances from past DucKons may be seen on YouTube; one, for example, featuring Vixy and Tony with S. J. Tucker and Seanan McGuire. Among many other musicians who have played at DucKon are Maya Bohnhoff, Ookla the Mok, and Michael Longcor. 
After the invention of zeusaphones, the convention for several years hosted performances of large musical Tesla coils in the parking lot of its hotel. Video clips of these DucKon concerts garnered over a million hits on YouTube.
Hiatus.
On February 13, 2015, it was announced that the planned 2015 convention ("More Human Than Human") would be cancelled due to 'ongoing financial issues.' Later, the DucKon site announced that the convention would not be held in 2016. No further DucKons have been held.

</doc>
<doc id="56825300" url="?curid=56825300" title="Vehicle registration plates of Niue">
Vehicle registration plates of Niue

Niue requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are New Zealand standard 360 mm × 125 mm, smaller in height and width than Australian plates, and use New Zealand stamping dies, as zeroes now have a slash through them (e.g. 52Ø9).

</doc>
<doc id="56825301" url="?curid=56825301" title="Search heuristic">
Search heuristic


</doc>
<doc id="56825304" url="?curid=56825304" title="Hudson Lake (New York)">
Hudson Lake (New York)

Hudson Lake is a small lake in Otsego County, New York. It is located southwest of East Worcester. Hudson Lake drains west via an unnamed stream into Schenevus Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="56825307" url="?curid=56825307" title="Love This Giant Tour">
Love This Giant Tour

The Love This Giant Tour was a joint tour by American musicians David Byrne and St. Vincent. It started on 15 September 2012 in Minneapolis, United States, and ended on 12 September 2013 in Florence, Italy, after 74 concerts on 14 countries and 3 continents. The tour was officially announced along with "Love This Giant", the album it promoted, on 14 June 2012. On the stage, they were accompanied by a backing band consisting of eight brass players, a keyboardist and a drummer. The performers engaged in complex choreography onstage while performing.
Set list.
The following set list was obtained from the concert held on 29 September 2012 at Williamsburg Park in New York City. It does not represent all concerts for the duration of the tour. 
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the NPR website.
Band
Choreographers

</doc>
<doc id="56825310" url="?curid=56825310" title="Gobiobotia homalopteroidea">
Gobiobotia homalopteroidea

Gobiobotia homalopteroidea is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to the Yellow River in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825312" url="?curid=56825312" title="Chlorcresol">
Chlorcresol


</doc>
<doc id="56825314" url="?curid=56825314" title="Nature-inspired models of computation">
Nature-inspired models of computation


</doc>
<doc id="56825317" url="?curid=56825317" title="Chlorethane">
Chlorethane


</doc>
<doc id="56825320" url="?curid=56825320" title="Nature-inspired computer hardware">
Nature-inspired computer hardware


</doc>
<doc id="56825326" url="?curid=56825326" title="2-Chlorethyl alcohol">
2-Chlorethyl alcohol


</doc>
<doc id="56825331" url="?curid=56825331" title="Gobiobotia jiangxiensis">
Gobiobotia jiangxiensis

Gobiobotia jiangxiensis is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="56825337" url="?curid=56825337" title="Cellular computing">
Cellular computing


</doc>
<doc id="56825338" url="?curid=56825338" title="In-vivo computing">
In-vivo computing


</doc>
<doc id="56825342" url="?curid=56825342" title="1,1,1-Chlorbutanol">
1,1,1-Chlorbutanol


</doc>
<doc id="56825346" url="?curid=56825346" title="Chlorinated acetone">
Chlorinated acetone


</doc>
<doc id="56825349" url="?curid=56825349" title="Justin Walsh">
Justin Walsh

Justin Walsh (born April 15, 1972) is an American politician who served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 58th district from 2017 to 2019. In 2019 he was elected a judge in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="56825354" url="?curid=56825354" title="Chlorinated hydrochloric ether">
Chlorinated hydrochloric ether


</doc>
<doc id="56825358" url="?curid=56825358" title="Seward Lake">
Seward Lake

Seward Lake is a small lake in Otsego County, New York. It is located west of Schenevus. Seward Lake drains west via an unnamed stream into Schenevus Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="56825359" url="?curid=56825359" title="Minié (disambiguation)">
Minié (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56825363" url="?curid=56825363" title="Gobiobotia kolleri">
Gobiobotia kolleri

Gobiobotia kolleri is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Hainan and Vietnam.
Named in honor of the late Otto Koller, Naturhistorisches Museum Wien, the first ichthyologist to examine specimens in 1927 on which species is based.

</doc>
<doc id="56825365" url="?curid=56825365" title="Chlorinated diphenyl">
Chlorinated diphenyl


</doc>
<doc id="56825368" url="?curid=56825368" title="Standard reduction potential (data page)">
Standard reduction potential (data page)


</doc>
<doc id="56825380" url="?curid=56825380" title="Chlorinated naphthalin">
Chlorinated naphthalin


</doc>
<doc id="56825381" url="?curid=56825381" title="St. Boniface Athletics">
St. Boniface Athletics


</doc>
<doc id="56825382" url="?curid=56825382" title="Chlorinated naphthalene">
Chlorinated naphthalene


</doc>
<doc id="56825389" url="?curid=56825389" title="Chlorinated tar camphor">
Chlorinated tar camphor


</doc>
<doc id="56825396" url="?curid=56825396" title="Chlormetacresol">
Chlormetacresol


</doc>
<doc id="56825401" url="?curid=56825401" title="Alix Cléo Roubaud">
Alix Cléo Roubaud

Alix Cléo Roubaud (January 19, 1952 – January 28, 1983) was a Canadian photographer and writer who lived in France after 1972.
Biography.
Alix Cléo Blanchette was born in Mexico, January 19, 1952. She was the daughter of Arthur Edward Blanchette, a diplomat, and Marcelle Montreuil, an artist. She studied architecture and psychology at the University of Ottawa. In 1972, she moved to Aix-en-Provence, France, where she pursued studies in philosophy. The move to France was also intended to help with her asthma. She began studies at Paris 8 University in 1975. In 1978, she began visiting the spa town of La Bourboule each year to aid her health. In 1979, she abandoned her studies to concentrate on her photography.
In 1980, she married Jacques Roubaud, a French poet and academic.
Jean Eustache produced the 1980 film "Les Photos d'Alix" based on her photographs.
Death and legacy.
Roubaud died in Paris of a pulmonary embolism at the age of 31.
She had maintained a personal journal over her career and, in 1984, her husband decided to publish it.
In 2014, the Bibliothèque nationale de France presented a retrospective of her work, "Quinze minutes la nuit au rythme de la respiration".

</doc>
<doc id="56825406" url="?curid=56825406" title="Chlormetaxylenol">
Chlormetaxylenol


</doc>
<doc id="56825409" url="?curid=56825409" title="Chlornitrobenzene">
Chlornitrobenzene


</doc>
<doc id="56825410" url="?curid=56825410" title="Alix Cleo Roubaud">
Alix Cleo Roubaud


</doc>
<doc id="56825414" url="?curid=56825414" title="Nigel A. L. Clarke">
Nigel A. L. Clarke

Nigel Andrew Lincoln Clarke (born 20 October 1971) is Minister of Finance and the Public Service of Jamaica. He is a Jamaican Member of Parliament, company director, business executive and statesman. He has served as chairman or director of over 20 Jamaican public and private sector economic enterprises. His public sector directorships have included the Bank of Jamaica (Jamaica's central bank and financial services regulator); Chairman of the Port Authority of Jamaica (the regulator of Jamaica's ports and the developer and owner of Jamaica's cargo and cruise ports); Chairman of the National Housing Trust (Jamaica's state-owned mortgage lender and housing developer) and Chairman of the HEART Trust NTA (Jamaica's largest tertiary level vocational training and certification institution). In 2016, Dr. Clarke was appointed by the Most Hon. Andrew Holness, Prime Minister of Jamaica, to serve as Jamaica's Ambassador-at-Large for Economic Affairs within the Office of the Prime Minister. Ambassador Clarke previously served as a Senator in the Upper House of the Jamaican parliament between 2013 and 2015.
Prior to his government service, Clarke served as Vice Chairman of the Musson Group, having served previously as chief operating officer and chief financial officer of the Group and as chief executive officer of its major subsidiaries. Clarke played an integral executive leadership role in the expansion of the Musson Group from a substantially Jamaican base to having operations and subsidiaries in over 30 countries with over US$1 billion in revenues and market leading businesses in telecommunications, information technology, consumer goods and food manufacturing. The Musson Group is a leading Jamaica-based multinational with four associated companies that are listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange and over 50 other privately held subsidiaries and associated companies. Clarke's executive business experience spanned leadership of transnational mergers and acquisitions, corporate leadership, business development and emerging market business leadership.
Clarke is married and has two children. Clarke attended St. Richards Primary School in Kingston and graduated from Munro College in St. Elizabeth Jamaica, where he was awarded the Jamaica Independent Scholarship, for study at the University of the West Indies (UWI). He graduated from UWI with a First-Class Honours degree in Mathematics and Computer Science, and won the prize for the best degree with the highest marks among students in the Faculty of Natural Sciences across all campuses of UWI in Jamaica, Trinidad and Barbados. He was awarded the Commonwealth Scholarship to attend Linacre College, Oxford University, where he earned an MSc degree in Applied Statistics. In his thesis he examined volatility on the Jamaica Stock Exchange. He subsequently won a Rhodes Scholarship and earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Mathematics (Numerical Analysis) from Oxford University (also at Linacre College).
Career.
Political leadership.
Clarke currently serves as Member of Parliament for the North West St. Andrew constituency, after winning the by-election to that seat held on 5 March 2018. He has previously served as Senator in the Upper House of the Jamaican Parliament from 2013 to 2015. He is currently the Minister of Finance in Jamaica.
Leadership in business and finance.
Nigel Clarke played a leadership role in the growth and expansion of the Musson Group from a base in Jamaica to having operations and subsidiaries in over 30 countries in the Caribbean, Central America, Europe and the Pacific.
Clarke is recognised for having led, managed or executed dozens of acquisitions and corporate transactions on behalf of the Musson Group across many sectors. Notable transactions include the acquisition of Nestle's manufacturing business in Jamaica, the acquisition of Kraft Foods manufacturing business in Jamaica, the acquisition of the Serge dairy businesses, the acquisition of several technology-related and telecom businesses in the Caribbean, Central America and Europe among several other such transactions.
Clarke started his career as a derivatives trader in London at Goldman Sachs, the prestigious international investment bank. Since returning to Jamaica in 1999, he has structured and negotiated over US$1 billion of inbound investment for private equity, business development, acquisition finance, trade finance and infrastructure development. Notable private sector transactions include: the securing of over US$300m of direct private equity and debt investment for Jamaican businesses from major international banks and multilateral financial institutions including Citibank NA, the International Finance Corporation, the Inter American Development Bank, the European Investment Bank and the Caribbean Development Bank; the first ever regionally syndicated, locally arranged loan (US$182 million) spanning several jurisdictions in the Caribbean and Central America and across multiple currencies to fund business growth and development across the Caribbean and Central America; the foundation and development of the first ever fund established in the region to finance regional private equity and venture capital (the US$32m Caribbean Investment Fund); and the foundation of Jamaica's first specialist investment fund dedicated to mezzanine financing for business growth (the US$15m Caribbean Mezzanine Fund). Notable public sector initiatives include the completion of the US$400 million transaction to divest and expand the Kingston Container Terminal; the facilitation of over 5200 new housing starts in 2017 by way of direct construction, direct financing and financing partnerships with financial institutions (representing the fastest pace of low cost housing construction in Jamaica over two decades); and the role of principal interlocutor with the International Monetary Fund, on behalf of the Government of Jamaica, in negotiating the early successful termination of the Extended Fund Facility agreement and the entry into the US$1.6 billion Precautionary Stand-By Arrangement with the Fund. He has delivered policy related addresses to the annual general meetings or other high level fora of the International Monetary Fund, the Organisation of American States, the Clinton Global Initiative and the Caribbean Development Bank.
Clarke's private sector directorships have cut across several industries and include: in the trading and manufacturing sector, Vice Chairman of the Musson Group (a privately held distribution enterprise covering food, technology and telecommunications and employing 5,000 persons across 30 countries), in the financial services sector, the NCB Financial Group (Jamaica's largest financial services holding company), where he also served as a member of the bank's credit committee; in the manufacturing, sector, Red Stripe (the brewing and bottling company); in the agri-business and food processing sectors, Jamaican Broilers Group and Seprod Limited (which collectively include the largest protein, dairy, vegetable oil, and grain producers and distributors operating in Jamaica) In addition, Clarke has served as Chairman of Eppley Limited, a company listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange that specialises in sourcing, originating and investing in credit-related opportunities. He has also served as Vice Chairman of the PBS Group, the largest regional business solutions and technology distribution company in the Caribbean region with operations and subsidiaries throughout 14 countries of Central America and the Caribbean, which is listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange.
In addition to his leadership of major economic institutions in the Jamaican public and private sector, Clarke is nationally recognised for his leadership in education and youth empowerment. He served as Chairman of the Heart Trust NTA (Jamaica's largest tertiary level vocational training and certification institution); and founder and Chairman of the National Youth Orchestra of Jamaica which delivers music for social change programmes in Jamaica; He has also produced and hosted the Jamaica International Chess Festival with Grandmaster Maurice Ashley and produced concerts at Carnegie Hall and the Kennedy Center featuring Jamaican artists. His international educational affiliations include service as a Director of the Youth Orchestra of the Americas and the role of Co-organiser and Host of TEDx Jamaica.
Education.
Clarke holds a Bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from the University of the West Indies, Mona on the Jamaica Independence Scholarship where he graduated in 1992 . He also graduated from the University of Oxford with a Master's Degree in Applied Statistics in 1994 and a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Numerical Analysis in 1997. This was done through the Commonwealth Scholarship and the Rhodes Scholarship respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="56825422" url="?curid=56825422" title="Gastón Togni">
Gastón Togni

Gastón Alberto Togni (born 20 September 1997) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Independiente.
Career.
Club.
Togni's professional footballing career started with Argentine Primera División side Independiente in March 2017, he made his senior debut in a goalless draw at home to San Martín on 18 March. Seven more league appearances followed for Togni during 2016–17. Togni was loaned by Defensa y Justicia on 5 July 2018.
International.
Togni was selected to train with the Argentina U20s ahead of the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup in South Korea, but he wasn't selected for the final squad. He did make his debut for the U20s in that period though, featuring in a friendly with Uruguay on 22 March 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56825426" url="?curid=56825426" title="Santi Duangsawang">
Santi Duangsawang

Chare Phuthong () or stage name Santi Duangsawang () was a Thai luk thung singer, his popular music include " () and " ().
Early life and career.
He was born on January 10, 1968 in Sak Lek District, Phichit Province. In his young, he contested on many contest stage and got won more, until Aed Tewada saw his prominence, Aed so induced him for start on stage in 1985 and recorded first song title "Mae Ja Phor Yu Nai" but failed to fame. In 1986, he contested in music contest "Look thung sip thit" and regestied to artist in RS Public Company Limited. He got to fame from his album "Kiss No Fun" (, Chup Mai Wan) in 1988. He retried to RS in 2008 and found record label by himself is Ruangkhaw Record.
His other popular songs include , , , , , etc.
He died with diabetes and kidney failure on November 4, 2016 in Samut Songkhram Province, age 48.

</doc>
<doc id="56825427" url="?curid=56825427" title="Alphabet Boy">
Alphabet Boy


</doc>
<doc id="56825433" url="?curid=56825433" title="Chloroazotic acid">
Chloroazotic acid


</doc>
<doc id="56825435" url="?curid=56825435" title="Eastern Syrian">
Eastern Syrian


</doc>
<doc id="56825439" url="?curid=56825439" title="Chlorobenzal">
Chlorobenzal


</doc>
<doc id="56825445" url="?curid=56825445" title="Vehicle registration plates of the Republic of Artsakh">
Vehicle registration plates of the Republic of Artsakh

Vehicle registration plates of the Republic of Artsakh (also referred to as the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic) have black characters on a rectangular white background. Current plates are European standard 520 mm × 110 mm, and are composed of two numbers, two letters in the middle, and two or three other numbers. At the left side is located the international code "" with an oval car plaque and, sometimes, the national flag of Armenia.
Starting from 6 August 2014 a new design of license plates was implemented. The license plates have a flag of Armenia on the left side, a security hologram and a machinery readable Data Matrix Code. In 2014, the style and fonts were changed to FE-Schrift, and the letters and digits now have the same font size. In addition, a silver identifier band has been added on the right side of the flag and code.
Armenian registration plates with region codes 22 and 90 are used in Artsakh (for example, "(AM) 90 SO 123").

</doc>
<doc id="56825468" url="?curid=56825468" title="Klausewitz' garden eel">
Klausewitz' garden eel


</doc>
<doc id="56825472" url="?curid=56825472" title="Frans Verhas">
Frans Verhas

Frans Verhas or Franz Verhas (Dendermonde, 1827 – Schaerbeek, 1897) was a Belgian painter. He is known for his portraits and genre scenes of women and children set in luxurious bourgeois homes. His elaborate salon interiors are characterised by their rich abundance and the display of a wide range of textures, such as tapestries, satins, furs, marbles and metals. Frans Verhas also painted animals, history paintings and still lifes.
Life.
Frans Verhas was born in Dendermonde as the son of Emmanuel Verhas. His father was a painter who for twenty years was a teacher at the local Academy and also served as a director of that Academy. Frans received his initial art training from his father along with his younger brother Jan (or Jan Frans). His brother became a very successful artist.
Verhas studied initially at the Academy of Fine Arts in his hometown Dendermonde and then at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of Antwerp. One of his teachers at the Antwerp Academy was Nicaise de Keyser, a painter of mainly history paintings and portraits and one of the key figures in the Belgian Romantic-historical school of painting. Verhas settled in Schaerbeek in 1867.
Frans Verhas lived and worked for various periods in Paris in the late 1870s and during the 1880s. He was a close friend of the French writer Arsène Houssaye, for whom he executed decorative frescoes in his residence on avenue de Friedland in Paris. The decorative program consisted of pastiches of the Flemish and Venetian masters.
Frans Verhas died on 22 November 1897 in Schaerbeek.
Work.
Frans Verhas was known for his portraits of women and genre paintings set in luxurious bourgeois homes. He also painted animals, some history paintings and still lifes. He created a number of frescoes with history themes in residences during his stay in Paris in the 1870s and 1880s.
His principal subject matter and style of painting was influenced by the Belgian painter Alfred Stevens, who had made a career as a society painter of elegant women in Paris. He and his brother Jan Verhas were known for their paintings of small family scenes depicting the joyous hubbub of girls and boys with their perfect transparent and pearly skins and controlled facial expressions. Other Belgian artists who were also followers of Alfred Stevens included Gustave Léonard de Jonghe and Charles Baugniet. Like Frans Verhas they evoked the vision of women adorned and painted in a manner that accentuates their coquettishness and seductiveness, like adulated idols.
Frans Verhas' cleverly constructed compositions treat with an extreme precision the rich interiors, enriched with satins and goblins, skins of animals and marbles that frame the elegant crinoline worn by the female sitters. He was particularly skilled in the rendering of the textures of various materials such as satin, marble and other precious materials in his works.
Verhas received various commissions for religious paintings for churches in his hometown Dendermonde and for historical paintings for the City hall of Dendermonde. His history paintings treat their subjects with a powerful realism.

</doc>
<doc id="56825482" url="?curid=56825482" title="Vehicle registration plates of French Polynesia">
Vehicle registration plates of French Polynesia

French Polynesia requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are European standard 520 mm × 110 mm, and use French stamping dies. The overseas departments and territories of France have three-digit codes, starting with 97, which was originally the single code for them all.
Weblinks.
License plates of French Polynesia at Francoplaque

</doc>
<doc id="56825491" url="?curid=56825491" title="Dillard Cooper">
Dillard Cooper

Dillard Cooper (1814-1896) was an American farmer and Texas Revolutionary soldier who survived the Goliad massacre. Born in South Carolina, Cooper married his first wife, Lucinda, and moved first to Tennessee and then to Courtland, Alabama.
In November 1835, Cooper joined Courtland doctor Jack Shackelford's Alabama Red Rovers, a filibuster force raised to support Texas' effort to secede from Mexico Cooper remained in camp with the Rovers until December 12, 1835 when the unit set out for Texas, stopping first in New Orleans and arriving at Dimmit's Landing on Lavaca Bay on January 19, 1836. From there, the Red Rovers joined James Fannin's command and on March 19–20, fought in the Battle of Coleto Creek where Cooper suffered minor wounds. The Texians had been caught on open prairie and, after Mexicans reinforcements arrived on the second day, were overwhelmed and forced to surrender. Mexican president Antonio López de Santa Anna had ordered General José de Urrea to treat the rebellious Texians as pirates instead of soldiers and to have them executed in accordance with the law rather than kept as prisoners of war.
On March 27, Cooper survived the massacre of 425 men at Goliad, running away as the bodies of his companions fell. Cooper soon linked up with three other surviving members of Red Rovers, Zachariah S. Brooks, Wilson Simpson, and Isaac D. Hamilton. Cooper and the others traveled by night, narrowly avoiding detection and recapture, sometimes by only a few feet. After a two week journey, moving from one abandoned village to the next in search of food and forced to abandon Hamilton, due to his wounds, Cooper and the other two Red Rovers finally linked back up with Texian forces at the Brazos River. Hamilton would ultimately survive after being recaptured and again escaping.
Cooper was granted land by the Republic of Texas for his service and farmed until his death. He married three times, was twice a widower, and fathered 5 children, all with his first wife. Cooper lived in Colorado and Hays Counties before finally moving to his son-in-law's farm in Llano County. At least one source claims that when he died in 1896, he was the last living survivor of the Goliad Massacre. The same source claims that near the end of his life Cooper was living on a "pitiful pension" of $150 a year from the state of Texas leaving him in poverty.
Cooper is buried in the Llano City Cemetery in Llano, Texas. In 2008, the State of Texas installed a historical marker at his grave site.

</doc>
<doc id="56825495" url="?curid=56825495" title="Howard B. Keck">
Howard B. Keck


</doc>
<doc id="56825496" url="?curid=56825496" title="Shi Shi (Taiwanese Singer)">
Shi Shi (Taiwanese Singer)


</doc>
<doc id="56825503" url="?curid=56825503" title="Howard Brighton Keck">
Howard Brighton Keck


</doc>
<doc id="56825504" url="?curid=56825504" title="Vehicle registration plates of New Caledonia">
Vehicle registration plates of New Caledonia

New Caledonia requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are European standard 520 mm × 110 mm, and use French stamping dies. The overseas departments and territories of France have three-digit codes, starting with 97, which was originally the single code for them all.

</doc>
<doc id="56825515" url="?curid=56825515" title="Liu Yue (footballer)">
Liu Yue (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56825519" url="?curid=56825519" title="Antelope (shipwreck)">
Antelope (shipwreck)

Antelope was a Great Lakes steamship that later was converted into a schooner barge) and sank in Lake Superior near the Apostle Islands in 1897.
Service history.
J. L. Wolverton built "Antelope" in Newport, Michigan, in 1861 for L. S. Bowtell of Bay City, Michigan. One of the early steamships on the Great Lakes, she carried passengers between Buffalo, New York and Chicago, Illinois. She burned at Buffalo in 1867, but was rebuilt and returned to service. In the 1880s she was converted into a three-masted schooner barge to haul freight. Despite the removal of her steam engine and boiler — which made more room for cargo — she continued to carry a funnel for the rest of her career.
On October 7, 1897, "Antelope" was loaded with 1,000 tons of coal and under tow by the steamship . Both ships were on a voyage from Sandusky, Ohio, to deliver coal to the Pennsylvania and Ashland Coal Company dock in Ashland, Wisconsin. While approaching Michigan Island in the Apostle Islands, "Antelope"′s seams opened. She began to take on water more quickly than her pumps could pump it out, and she sank in a reported of water without loss of life. "Hiram W. Sibley" rescued her crew. Soon after "Antelope" sank, the schooner "Gawn" sighted wreckage, including "Antelope"′s cabin, floating off Michigan Island.
Wreck.
"Antelope"′s wreck was discovered on September 2, 2016. On February 16, 2018, the wreck was placed on the Wisconsin State Register of Historic Places. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22, 2018.
As of September 2016, the wreck sat upright on the lake bottom in over of water. Two of the three masts remained standing and still had their full rigging, including deadeyes. The forward cabin was intact, and two large woodstock anchors were still on board. The rudder and ship's wheel lay on the bottom next to the wreck. The rear cabins and rear mast were missing.

</doc>
<doc id="56825521" url="?curid=56825521" title="Liu Yue">
Liu Yue

Liu Yue is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="56825529" url="?curid=56825529" title="Western Syrian">
Western Syrian


</doc>
<doc id="56825530" url="?curid=56825530" title="Archie Styles (footballer, born 1939)">
Archie Styles (footballer, born 1939)

Arthur "Archie" Styles (29 October 1939 – 9 January 2018) was an English footballer and football manager, who played as a wing half.
Playing career.
Styles was signed to the West Bromwich Albion youth team in 1956, turning professional in the same year, however he would only make one league appearance for the Baggies.
In 1960 he would sign for Wrexham, spending one season with the Welsh club.
The remainder of his career would be spent in non-league football, with spells at Hereford United, Kidderminster Harriers and Stourbridge.
Managerial career.
Styles would become the manager of Stourbridge in the 1969/70 season, replacing Terry Morrall. During Styles' time in charge he would make it to the quarter finals of the FA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="56825537" url="?curid=56825537" title="Gregory Doud">
Gregory Doud


</doc>
<doc id="56825541" url="?curid=56825541" title="First Pitch (Our Cartoon President)">
First Pitch (Our Cartoon President)


</doc>
<doc id="56825543" url="?curid=56825543" title="Antoinette M. Kraushaar">
Antoinette M. Kraushaar


</doc>
<doc id="56825544" url="?curid=56825544" title="Church and State (Our Cartoon President)">
Church and State (Our Cartoon President)


</doc>
<doc id="56825556" url="?curid=56825556" title="Vehicle registration plates of Wallis and Futuna">
Vehicle registration plates of Wallis and Futuna

Wallis and Futuna requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are European standard 520 mm × 110 mm, and use French stamping dies. The overseas departments and territories of France have three-digit codes, starting with 97, which was originally the single code for them all.

</doc>
<doc id="56825558" url="?curid=56825558" title="List of The Clique series characters">
List of The Clique series characters


</doc>
<doc id="56825562" url="?curid=56825562" title="Outram Road General Hospital">
Outram Road General Hospital


</doc>
<doc id="56825565" url="?curid=56825565" title="Richard Crawford (golfer)">
Richard Crawford (golfer)

Richard Crawford (born June 27, 1939) is an American professional golfer.
Crawford was born in El Dorado, Arkansas and attended the University of Houston. There, he won the individual NCAA Golf Championship twice, in 1959 and 1960. He was inducted into the University's Hall of Honor in 2004.
Crawford turned professional in 1962 and played on the PGA Tour from 1964 to 1976, finishing second three times: 1967 Atlanta Classic, 1969 Heritage Golf Classic, 1970 Greater Milwaukee Open. His best finish in a professional major championship was a tie for 20th in the 1967 PGA Championship.
Crawford became a club professional in Georgia after his PGA Tour career ended. He was inducted into the Arkansas Golf Hall of Fame in 2003 and the Georgia Golf Hall of Fame in 2012.
Amateur wins.
"this list may be incomplete"
Professional wins.
"this list may be incomplete"
U.S. national team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="56825566" url="?curid=56825566" title="Dick Crawford (golfer)">
Dick Crawford (golfer)


</doc>
<doc id="56825567" url="?curid=56825567" title="Gum disease">
Gum disease


</doc>
<doc id="56825582" url="?curid=56825582" title="West Syriac script">
West Syriac script


</doc>
<doc id="56825583" url="?curid=56825583" title="Memorial to the Civilian Victims of the Japanese Occupation">
Memorial to the Civilian Victims of the Japanese Occupation


</doc>
<doc id="56825585" url="?curid=56825585" title="Western Syriac script">
Western Syriac script


</doc>
<doc id="56825586" url="?curid=56825586" title="Diastocera trifasciata">
Diastocera trifasciata


</doc>
<doc id="56825599" url="?curid=56825599" title="David Edwards (offensive lineman)">
David Edwards (offensive lineman)

David Edwards (born March 20, 1997) is an American football offensive guard for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Wisconsin.
High School career.
During high school, Edwards played quarterback for Downers Grove North High School. While in high school, he weighed 215 pounds, didn't lift weights, and didn't eat breakfast.
Edwards was also a standout basketball player for the Trojans, starting at center for three years on the varsity level. Edwards gained the attention of numerous collegiate scouts, most notably from the University of Illinois and various Ivy League schools.
College career.
During college, Edwards started eating breakfast and gained 20 pounds in his first six months. By August 2016, Edwards had grown to 275 pounds. After his Sophomore season, Edwards was named to the AFCA First-team All-American. Edwards considered declaring for the 2018 NFL draft, but eventually decided against it. One factor that swayed Edwards was a talk with Wisconsin alumnus and Cleveland Browns player Joe Thomas, who told Edwards that he would remember his final year at Wisconsin more than his rookie season in the NFL. Prior to the 2018 season, Edwards was named pre-season second team All-American by Sporting News, Sports Illustrated, and the Associated Press. Edwards was also named a first team All-American by Athlon Sports. On January 1, 2019, Edwards announced that he would forgo his final year of eligibility and declare for the 2019 NFL Draft.
Professional career.
Edwards was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the fifth round (169th overall) of the 2019 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56825600" url="?curid=56825600" title="Women jurors">
Women jurors


</doc>
<doc id="56825615" url="?curid=56825615" title="Periodontitis">
Periodontitis


</doc>
<doc id="56825633" url="?curid=56825633" title="List of schools in Northern Cyprus">
List of schools in Northern Cyprus

This is a list of schools in primary and secondary education in Northern Cyprus. Tertiary schools are maintained at the list of universities and colleges in Northern Cyprus. The schools are listed according to their highest level of education.
Primary schools.
This list includes active primary schools in Northern Cyprus. Some of the listed primary schools may also have pre-school sections. Primary schools provide the initial 5 years of the 12-year school education.
Public.
Public schools are owned by the state and governed by the Ministry of Education and Culture. There is no tuition fee for public schools.
Lefkoşa District.
Source:
Gazimağusa District.
Source:
Girne District.
Source:
Güzelyurt District.
Source:
İskele District.
Source:
Lefke District.
Source:
Other.
Source:
Middle schools.
This list includes active middle schools in Northern Cyprus. Middle schools provide the 3 years of the 12-year school education from year 6 to year 8.
Public.
Source:
Public schools are owned by the state and governed by the Ministry of Education and Culture. There is no tuition fee for public schools.
High schools.
For the extended list of high schools in Northern Cyprus, see list of secondary schools in Northern Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="56825635" url="?curid=56825635" title="Low thrust relative orbital transfer">
Low thrust relative orbital transfer

In orbital mechanics, low-thrust relative transfer is an orbital maneuver in which a chaser spacecraft covers a specific relative distance relative to the target spacecraft using continuous low-thrust system with specific impulse of the order of 4000-8000s. This is in contrast to conventional impulsive transfers in the orbit which uses thermal rocket engines to develop impulse of the order of 300-400s. Such type of transfer uses low-thrust propulsion systems such as electrically powered spacecraft propulsion and solar sail. 
Low-thrust relative transfer uses the orbital relative motion equations which are the non-linear set of equations that describes the motion of the chaser spacecraft relative to the target in terms of displacements along the respective axis of the accelerated frame of reference fixed on the target spacecraft. In 1960, W. H. Clohessy and R. S. Wiltshire published the Clohessy-Wiltshire equations, which presents a rather simplified model of orbital relative motion, in which the target is in a circular orbit, and the chaser spacecraft is in an elliptical or circular orbit. Since, the quantity of available thrust is limited, the transfer is occasionally posed as an optimal control problem subjected to the required objective and constraints. 
Explanation.
Relative motion in the orbit means the motion of a spacecraft orbiting a planet relative to the other spacecraft orbiting the same planet. There can be one primary spacecraft known as the target and the other spacecraft with the task of performing the required maneuver relative to the target. Based on the mission requirement, the various relative orbital transfers can be rendezvous and docking operations, and maintaining station relative to the target. Unlike using a thrust-impulse to instantaneously change the velocity of the spacecraft, in non-impulsive transfer, there is a continuous application of thrust, so that, the spacecraft changes its direction gradually. Non-impulsive transfers relies on the low-thrust propulsion for the operation. Some of the mentionable low-thrust propulsion methods are, ionic propulsion, Hall-effect thruster and solar-sail systems. The electrostatic ion thruster uses high-voltage electrodes to accelerate ions with electrostatic forces, and achieve a specific impulse within the range of 4000-8000s.
Mathematical Models.
The continuous low-thrust relative transfer can be described in mathematical form by adding components of specific thrust which will act as control input in the equations of motion model for relative orbital transfer. Although a number of linearized models have been developed since 1960s which gives simplified set of equations, one popular model was developed by W. H. Clohessy and R. S. Wiltshire, and is modified to account for continuous motion and can be written as:
formula_1
formula_2
formula_3
where:
Optimal relative transfers.
Since, in continuous low-thrust transfers the thrust availability is limited, such type of transfers are usually subjected to certain performance index and final state constraints, posing the transfer as an optimal control problem with defined boundary conditions. For the transfer to have optimal control input expenditure, the problem can be written as:
formula_13
subjected to dynamics of the relative transfer:
formula_14
and boundary conditions:
formula_15
formula_16
where:
Sometimes, it is also useful to subject the system to control constraints because in case of continuous low-thrust transfer, there are always bounds on the availability of thrust. Hence, if the maximum quantity of thrust available is formula_30, then, an additional inequality constraint can be imposed on the optimal control problem posed above as:
formula_31
Additionally, if the relative transfer is occurring such that the chaser and the target spacecraft are very close to each other, the collision-avoidance constraints can also be employed in the optimal control problem in the form of a minimum relative distance, formula_32 as:
formula_33 
and because of obvious reasons, the final value of state-vector cannot be less than formula_32.

</doc>
<doc id="56825664" url="?curid=56825664" title="Ben Davis (footballer, born 2000)">
Ben Davis (footballer, born 2000)

Benjamin James Davis (born 24 November 2000) is a Thai professional footballer who plays for League One club Oxford United. He most recently represented Thailand at the U23 level.
Club career.
Davis started his professional career training at JSSL Singapore, a youth soccer academy owned by his father based in Singapore that has partnerships with Fulham and Singapore Premier League side Tampines Rovers. He later joined the Football Association of Singapore's (FAS) Junior Centre of Excellence, and went on to represent various national age group teams.
In 2017, Davis earned a two-year academy scholarship with Fulham after impressing in trials. He was the first ever Singaporean player to sign for a Premier League side.
In his first season, Davis made 10 appearances for the club's Under-18 South League team, scoring a header against West Ham's Under-18 side and recording a passing accuracy of 90 percent. In 2018, Fulham announced that Davis, alongside other academy players, were offered professional contracts, where they would now earn a weekly wage as well as continue to play for the club's Under-18 and Under-23 side. He signed his first professional Fulham contract in June 2017 and is listed on the club's website as an English national. On 13 October 2019, Davis confirmed that he had registered to play as a local player with the English Football Association.
Oxford United.
On 31 August 2021, Davis joined League One side Oxford United on a two-year deal.
International career.
Davis currently holds passports from the United Kingdom, Thailand, and Singapore but represents Thailand internationally.
During his training stint with JSSL Singapore and FAS Junior Centre of Excellence, Davis represented Singapore in several 2016 AFC U-16 Championship qualifiers in 2015. In 2017, Davis earned a call-up to Singapore's U-19 side to play in several 2018 AFC Under-19 Championship qualifiers.
In 2018, Davis received a surprise call-up to the senior Singapore national team for a run of AFC Asian Cup qualifiers, but he did not play in any of the matches.
In September 2019, Davis was called up to the Thailand U23 national team for the SEA Games training camp.
In 2020, Davis represented Thailand at the 2020 AFC U-23 Championship, appearing in a 1–1 draw against Iraq in the group stage as well as a 1–0 loss to Saudi Arabia in the quarter final, cap-tying him to Thailand.
Personal life.
Davis was born in Phuket, Thailand, and migrated to Singapore at the age of five with his family. Davis studied at the Singapore Sports School from 2013 to 2015 before moving to London's Harrow High School in 2016. In 2017, he was awarded a two-year scholarship with Fulham's academy.
Davis is the second-youngest of four children. His mother, Sopee Davis, is Thai, while his father, Harvey Davis, is English.
National service evasion.
As a Singaporean citizen, Davis was to be conscripted under the city-state's national service scheme upon turning 18. His application for deferment to develop his professional career as a footballer with Fulham was rejected by the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) as he did "not meet the criteria for long-term deferment from full-time NS". His father drew parallels to Joseph Schooling, a national swimmer who was granted deferment and went on to win Olympic medals.
MINDEF countered that Davis' contract with Fulham was no different from other pre-enlistees' personal pursuits and a further appeal supported by the Football Association of Singapore (FAS) was also denied. The ministry also said that Davis did not meet the criteria for long-term deferment due to it being a personal pursuit, and that it was unfair to other pre-enlistees who served their NS commitments. It further added that the deferment rejection was also based on grounds that Davis' father "would not commit to a date" on when his son would return to Singapore to serve NS, coupled with subsequent remarks to the media that he would encourage his son to renounce his Singapore citizenship in order to pursue his career.
On 11 January 2019, Davis failed to report for national service and since 18 February 2019 has been deemed as a defaulter. While the FAS had previously supported Davis' deferment application, they condemned his decision to not return. In October 2019, Davis eventually chose to represent Thailand and declared he would not return to Singapore despite being a citizen, and had no intentions to fulfill his national service obligations.

</doc>
<doc id="56825667" url="?curid=56825667" title="Vehicle registration plates of Réunion">
Vehicle registration plates of Réunion

Réunion requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Current plates are European standard 520 mm × 110 mm, and use French stamping dies. The overseas departments and territories of France have three-digit codes, starting with 97, which was originally the single code for them all.

</doc>
<doc id="56825686" url="?curid=56825686" title="Hans Christian Ondrup">
Hans Christian Ondrup

Hans Christian Ondrup (1751-1814), usually referred to as H.C. Ondrup, was a Danish master builder, stucco artist and porcelain painter. He constructed a number of buildings in Copenhagen in the 1780s and 1800s, most of which have now been listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places.
Biography.
Ondrup was born in Copenhagen. He worked as a porcelain painter at the Royal Porcelain Manufactury in 1673 and completed an apprenticeship as a stucco artist in 1779. He became a member of the Masons' Guild in 1783 and became a master mason in 1789.
Selected buildings.
Ondrup has constructed the following buildings in Copenhagen:

</doc>
<doc id="56825695" url="?curid=56825695" title="Bajaj Nomarks">
Bajaj Nomarks

Bajaj Nomarks is an Indian beauty brand of skin-care products, established and headquartered in Mumbai, India. Founded in 2001, the product range includes anti-marks creams, face washes, scrubs, sunscreen, soaps, and face packs for the consumer and professional markets. The brand was initially launched as Nomarks by Ozone Ayurvedics, which was later acquired by Bajaj Corp in 2013 to enter the skin care industry. As of 2017, the brand is available in more than 37 countries includes SAARC, Gulf &amp; Middle-East, ASEAN and African regions. It is sold in over 2 lakhs outlets in India.
As a result of its celebrity endorsements and infomercials, Bajaj Nomarks is one of the most popular and recognizable product series in the anti marks face cream space. The company advertises that their product starts working on marks from day one. Taapsee Pannu is the brand ambassador of the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="56825703" url="?curid=56825703" title="2018 Kate Sheppard Cup">
2018 Kate Sheppard Cup

The 2018 Kate Sheppard Cup is New Zealand's women's 25th annual knockout football competition. This is the first year that the competition is known by the Kate Sheppard Cup, or "New Zealand Football Foundation Kate Sheppard Cup" for sponsorship purposes, after previously been known as the Women's Knockout Cup since its establishment.
The 2018 competition has three rounds before quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. Competition will run in three regions (northern, central, southern) until the quarter-finals, from which stage the draw will be open. In all, 35 teams entered the competition.
The 2018 final.
The 2018 final was the first time a team from Football South played in the final with Dunedin Technical representing the region against Forrest Hill Milford from Auckland. The final was played at QBE Stadium before the men's Chatham Cup final. This was Forrest Hill Milford United's third final appearance, having won it once in 2016 and lost it previously in their first final appearance in 2014. Dunedin Technical went on to win the game 4–2 meaning it was also the first time the trophy headed to the bottom of the South Island. Shontelle Smith from Tech was the winner of the Maia Jackman trophy for the most valuable player.
Results.
Round 1.
All matches were played on the weekend of 12–13 May 2018.
Round 2.
All matches were played on Queen's Birthday weekend 2-4 June 2018.
Round 3.
All matches were played on the weekend 23-24 June 2018.
Quarter-finals.
All matches were originally organised to be played on the weekend 14-15 July 2018 however two matches were postponed due to weather conditions, the match between Hamilton Wanderers and Forrest Hill Milford was played on the 22 July 2018 and Eastern Suburbs v Glenfield Rovers was played on 26 July 2018.
Semi-finals.
Matches were played on the weekend 25-26 August 2018. The draw was originally done before the results of the Eastern Suburbs v Glenfield Rovers and Hamilton Wanderers v Forrest Hill Milford postponed matches where known.
Final.
The final was played on the 9 September 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56825710" url="?curid=56825710" title="2000–01 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team">
2000–01 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team

The 2000–01 George Mason Patriots Men's basketball team represents George Mason University during the 2000–01 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was the 35th season for the program, the fourth under head coach Jim Larrañaga. The Patriots played their home games at the Patriot Center in Fairfax, Virginia.
Honors and awards.
"Colonial Athletic Association Player of the Year"
"Colonial Athletic Association All-Conference First Team"
"Colonial Athletic Association Defensive Player of the Year"
"Colonial Athletic Association All-Defensive Team"
"Colonial Athletic Association Dean Ehlers Award"
"AP All-America Team - Honorable Mention"
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=|CAA regular season
!colspan=12 style=|2001 CAA Tournament
!colspan=12 style=|2001 NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56825711" url="?curid=56825711" title="Franz Verhas">
Franz Verhas


</doc>
<doc id="56825717" url="?curid=56825717" title="Communist takeover">
Communist takeover

Communist takeover refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="56825719" url="?curid=56825719" title="US-Bangla 211">
US-Bangla 211


</doc>
<doc id="56825721" url="?curid=56825721" title="Chico El Luchador">
Chico El Luchador


</doc>
<doc id="56825730" url="?curid=56825730" title="Seed of 6ix">
Seed of 6ix

Seed of 6ix is a Memphis, Tennessee rap group composed of Locodunit (Thomas Dunigan) and Lil Infamous (Ricky Dunigan, Jr.), who are the nephews of the co-founder of hip hop group Three 6 Mafia, DJ Paul (Paul Beauregard). Lil Infamous is also the son of former co-founder Lord Infamous (Ricky Dunigan).
History.
Locodunit and Lil Infamous started the group in late 2014 and released their debut album Faces of Gospel on February 6, 2015. The album is available on various digital platforms. Their style is widely considered as horrorcore, crunk and gangsta rap.
The group began in 2014 in Memphis, Tennessee with Lil Infamous (Ricky Dunigan, Jr.) and Locodunit (Thomas Dunigan) for the sake of rapper DJ Paul. Seed of 6ix released several Mixtapes &amp; EPs starting with Planet 6ix Chpt 3.6 on May 1, 2015. As well as solo projects on Young N Dumb, their independent label. Signed to Scale-A-Ton Entertainment DJ Paul's label in 2018. DJ Paul is responsible for bringing a fault into the reckoning against the group's musical career and has since produced numerous singles and the last work for the group was released the first album Faces of Gospel (2015). The name comes from hip hop group Three 6 Mafia (The Seed of 6ix).
The duo is a collaboration between Lil Infamous and Locodunit, who are well-established individual recording artists in the underground hip hop scene in Memphis, Tennessee. Their first collaboration was on the debut album "Planet 6ix Chpt 3.6" (2016), with them appearing regularly on each other's albums thereafter.
In 2016, the duo released "Seed Of 6ix Chapter 2", which turned out to be the biggest commercial success for both artists. The album was released on Young N Dumb. The album reached number 62 on the Billboard 200, number 10 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 7 on the Top Rap Albums chart. Earlier, the artists had 2 appearances in the Top R&amp;B / Hip-Hop chart among them, this was the first in the top 10.
The first release of Scale-A-Ton Entertainment was a double singles titled "Break The Law" (2016), "Lyrical Drive By" (2017), "Get Buck" (2018). It was released in 2018 by the independent label.
Locodunit's younger brother, Ant Dunit (Timothy Dunigan), is also a rapper and sometimes appears on Seed of 6ix albums.

</doc>
<doc id="56825731" url="?curid=56825731" title="IPad Maxi">
IPad Maxi


</doc>
<doc id="56825733" url="?curid=56825733" title="If (Mata Aetara)">
If (Mata Aetara)

 is a song recorded by South Korean band Day6. The song was released as the group's first Japanese CD single on March 14, 2018, by Warner Music Japan. Ahead of its release, the song was pre-released as a digital single on February 26, 2018. "If -Mata Aetara-" serves as the theme song for the Japanese television drama, "".
Composition.
The song is in the key of E Major and is 184 beats per minute.
Certification and sales.
! scope="row"| Japan (RIAJ)

</doc>
<doc id="56825736" url="?curid=56825736" title="Wei Fugu">
Wei Fugu


</doc>
<doc id="56825741" url="?curid=56825741" title="Philos' Impr">
Philos' Impr


</doc>
<doc id="56825743" url="?curid=56825743" title="Philos.' Impr.">
Philos.' Impr.


</doc>
<doc id="56825745" url="?curid=56825745" title="Philos. Impr.">
Philos. Impr.


</doc>
<doc id="56825746" url="?curid=56825746" title="Philos Impr">
Philos Impr


</doc>
<doc id="56825748" url="?curid=56825748" title="Poetry Salzburg">
Poetry Salzburg


</doc>
<doc id="56825751" url="?curid=56825751" title="Pflügers Arch">
Pflügers Arch


</doc>
<doc id="56825752" url="?curid=56825752" title="Pflügers Arch.">
Pflügers Arch.


</doc>
<doc id="56825758" url="?curid=56825758" title="Suh Hoon">
Suh Hoon

Suh Hoon (; born 1954) is the Director of National Security Office previously served as his first director of the National Intelligence Service.
Overview.
In 1980, he started public service at the Ministry of National Security Planning with 17 public affairs and worked for National Intelligence Service for 28 years and 3 months until his retirement in March 2008. He was the third deputy of the Roh Moo-hyun administration after going through the Strategic Chief of the National Intelligence Service. In 2017, he was appointed as President Moon Jae-in's first director of National Intelligence Service. In July 2020 he was designated as Moon's second director of National Security Office replacing Chung Eui-yong. This makes Suh as one of four people who continue to serve President Moon as cabinet minister or ministerial-level government official from the beginning of Moon's presidency in 2017 along with Hong Nam-ki, Kim Sang-jo and Kang Kyung-wha as of December 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56825762" url="?curid=56825762" title="J. Child. Orthop.">
J. Child. Orthop.


</doc>
<doc id="56825763" url="?curid=56825763" title="J Child Orthop">
J Child Orthop


</doc>
<doc id="56825764" url="?curid=56825764" title="Timeline of Georgian history">
Timeline of Georgian history


</doc>
<doc id="56825767" url="?curid=56825767" title="Klaew Thanikhul">
Klaew Thanikhul

Kleaw Thanikhul () was a Thai "Chao pho" (Thai mafia) and a Muay Thai promoter.
Biography.
Thanikhul was born on September 13, 1934 in Tambon Don Manora, Amphoe Bang Khonthi, Samut Songkhram Province during World War II. When he was born, he also had twin, but his twin was dead at birth including his mother as well. Hence the name "Kleaw", literally "avoid (from various dangers)" or "being saved". Although he seems to be of Chinese descent, but in fact he was not of any Chinese descent.
When he grew up, around the age of 7-8, his father died, therefore he got his relatives as patrons.
Later, he came to Bangkok to live with his elder sister in Suan Mali neighbourhood where he made a reputation in the outlaw circle. He earned the aliases "Laow Suan-Mali" (เหลา สวนมะลิ) and "Chao pho Nakhon Ban" (เจ้าพ่อนครบาล, "god father of metropolitan"), with "Chao pho ber nueng" (เจ้าพ่อเบอร์หนึ่ง, "No.1 godfather"). He became a Muay Thai promoter and owner the Muay Thai gym "Sor. Thanikhul" (ส.ธนิกุล), there are many famous Muay Thai kickboxers in this stable, such as Dieselnoi Chor Thanasukarn, Inseenoi Sor. Thanikhul, Bangkhlanoi Sor. Thanikhul, Sombat Sor. Thanikhul, Boonlai Sor.Thanikul, etc. He was also the president of the Amateur Boxing Association of Thailand, and considered as the most influential figure in Thai boxing cycle in the 1980s.
Thanikhul was photographed on the cover of the magazine "Muay Siam" (มวยสยาม), the first issue was published in September 1986, a popular Muay Thai magazine in that era.
In the main event of "Suek Onesongchai" match between Chamuekpet Hapalang vs. Langsuan Panyuthaphum in the evening of March 4, 1988 at Lumpinee Stadium before the fifth round begins, Chaiwat "Ngow Haphalung" Phalungwattanakit, a Muay Thai gambler and Hapalang manager was shot dead by a lone hitman from the cheap seats. No one knew for sure who did it but everyone suspected that Klaew Thanikhul, was the enforcer.
Murder.
Thanikhul survived two attempts on his life, one in 1977 from being thrown by a bomb outside Rajadamnern Stadium, and another in 1982 from being thrown by a bomb again inside Lumpinee Stadium. He was assassinated on Pinklao-Nakhon Chai Si Road in the area of Amphoe Sam Phran, Nakhon Pathom Province with a weapons of war in the early evening of April 5, 1991, aged 56 years, along with his henchman. His killers were never caught.

</doc>
<doc id="56825770" url="?curid=56825770" title="Roy H Warner">
Roy H Warner


</doc>
<doc id="56825772" url="?curid=56825772" title="Lewis S Turner">
Lewis S Turner


</doc>
<doc id="56825778" url="?curid=56825778" title="Timeline of Georgia (US state)">
Timeline of Georgia (US state)


</doc>
<doc id="56825782" url="?curid=56825782" title="Alexandra Birschoff">
Alexandra Birschoff


</doc>
<doc id="56825783" url="?curid=56825783" title="Differential thermogravimetry">
Differential thermogravimetry


</doc>
<doc id="56825786" url="?curid=56825786" title="Gunnhildur Jonsdottir">
Gunnhildur Jonsdottir


</doc>
<doc id="56825787" url="?curid=56825787" title="Shaker Creek">
Shaker Creek

Shaker Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56825791" url="?curid=56825791" title="Shaker Creek (disambiguation)">
Shaker Creek (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56825795" url="?curid=56825795" title="Gum abscess">
Gum abscess


</doc>
<doc id="56825805" url="?curid=56825805" title="Periodontal pathology">
Periodontal pathology


</doc>
<doc id="56825807" url="?curid=56825807" title="Love Will Lead You Back (TV series)">
Love Will Lead You Back (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56825809" url="?curid=56825809" title="Golden triangle (composition)">
Golden triangle (composition)

The Golden Triangle (Composition) rule is a rule of thumb in visual composition for photographs or paintings, especially those which have elements that follow diagonal lines. The frame is divided into four triangles of two different sizes, done by drawing one diagonal from one corner to another, and then two lines from the other corners, touching the first at 90 degree angles. There are a couple ways this can be used: 
1. Filling one of the triangles with the subject
2. Placing the diagonal elements so that they run along two of the lines
Use in Software.
Photoshop has an option putting guidelines for the golden triangle in the crop tool (in this case, it is simply called "triangle"). These guidelines can be flipped horizontally, by hitting shift-O or selecting "Cycle Overlay Orientation" from the overlay pull down menu.

</doc>
<doc id="56825813" url="?curid=56825813" title="Shaker Creek (Kentucky)">
Shaker Creek (Kentucky)

Shaker Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Kentucky. It is a tributary to the Kentucky River.
Shaker Creek was named after the Shakers who settled near it. A variant name is "Shaker Fork".

</doc>
<doc id="56825815" url="?curid=56825815" title="John Wright and Son Shipyards">
John Wright and Son Shipyards

John Wright and Son was a former shipyard located in Tuncurry, Australia between 1875 and 1958.
In partnership with Alexander Croll, John Wright built at least three ships at Bungwahl, before selling his share of the sawmill and shipwright business at Myall Lakes. In 1875, he was the first white settler of the area now known as Tuncurry. He took out a 99-year lease on the waterfront land and built a timber mill, shipyard, slipway and associated buildings.
A wharf ran about 50 feet along the length of the waterfront at Tuncurry, with a receiving shed, with a skin shed at one end which housed cattle skins to be sent to Sydney.
Vessels.
His first boat built at Tuncurry was the "Stanley", which carried timber to Sydney and returned with general cargo. This was replaced by the first ship named Tuncurry.
John Wright built a number of vessels used on the North Coast including the "Bellinger", "Tuncurry II", "Our Jack" and the "Comboyne".
After Wright's death in 1910, his son Ernest continued the business with the building of the "Narani", "Wallamba", "Glenreagh", "Allenwood", "Nambucca 1", "Nambucca 2" and the "Uralba". Additionally other craft were built, including small tugs, lighters, yachts and launches. The company name was changed to E. Wright &amp; Son.
Fate.
The business became un-financial in the 1950s. The 99-year lease was approaching finality, and John Wright junior decided to close the shipyard and return the land to the crown. In 1960 all buildings were demolished. In February 2018, the 'US Army WT85' - 'Protrude'/'Koolya', the last of the Wright ships sunk at its mooring at Gosford.
The water front land where the mill and shipyard stood at Tuncurry was gazetted as an area for public recreation and in 1962 was renamed John Wright Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56825818" url="?curid=56825818" title="Aussie Salvage Squad">
Aussie Salvage Squad

Aussie Salvage Squad is an Australian factual television series which explores the world of marine salvage and rescue in Australia, which screened on 7mate in 2018. The first series was filmed in the Whitsundays, Queensland and looks at salvage work, which is a result of storms, cyclones and natural disaster carried out by marine rescue experts. The Salvage Squad relies on a variety of heavy equipment, most notably an Oshkosh M1070 tank transporter. Series 2 premiered on 20 May 2020 on the Discovery Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="56825822" url="?curid=56825822" title="Brasser">
Brasser

Brasser is a Dutch and German occupational surname. "Brasser" in Middle Dutch meant "brewer" (as well as "boozer"), while the modern meaning is limited to the latter and "reveler" in general.
Notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56825832" url="?curid=56825832" title="Rio Verde (Teles Pires)">
Rio Verde (Teles Pires)


</doc>
<doc id="56825837" url="?curid=56825837" title="Fabulous Moolah Memorial Battle Royal">
Fabulous Moolah Memorial Battle Royal


</doc>
<doc id="56825840" url="?curid=56825840" title="Shaker Creek (Ohio)">
Shaker Creek (Ohio)

Shaker Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. The long stream empties into Dicks Creek.
Shaker Creek was so named after the Shakers who settled near it. The area around Shaker Creek once formed a wetland called Shaker Swamp; the latter was drained and the land reclaimed.

</doc>
<doc id="56825841" url="?curid=56825841" title="Prague German language">
Prague German language


</doc>
<doc id="56825850" url="?curid=56825850" title="Boarmia ceylonaria">
Boarmia ceylonaria

Boarmia ceylonaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by John Nietner in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="56825857" url="?curid=56825857" title="Ioannis Papaioannou (chess player)">
Ioannis Papaioannou (chess player)


</doc>
<doc id="56825868" url="?curid=56825868" title="Vroom (video game)">
Vroom (video game)

Vroom is a 1991 racing video game developed by French studio Lankhor. The game was programmed by Dan Mcrae.
In 1993, Lankhor adapted his game on the Sega Megadrive under FIA license under the title "F1", published by Domark.
It spawned the sequels "Vroom Data Disk" and "Vroom Multiplayer".
Critical reception.
The game received positive reviews from critics. Reviewers liked the fast-paced and simple-yet-addictive gameplay.
"Amiga Computing" said the fast-paced game had turned the reviewer into a "driving freak". "Amiga Format" wrote that the game was fast, fun, funky, and French. Meanwhile, The One For Amiga Games felt the game was both fast and fun, and an easy game to get into. "Amiga Mania" liked that the game was not overly complicated. "Amiga Action" confessed it was hard to fault the game. "Amiga Power" said the game was faster than "F1 GP", more playable than "Lotus Turbo Challenge 2", prettier than "Outrun Europa", and with a sillier name than "Super Hang-On". Nevertheless, the site acknowledged that the game was pitted against strong competition. "Games-X" wrote that the game was a great entry in an inexhaustible genre than kept getting better.
On the contrary, "CU Amiga" felt the simple gameplay was the title's downfall.

</doc>
<doc id="56825871" url="?curid=56825871" title="Ku Klux Glam">
Ku Klux Glam

Ku Klux Glam is the first collaborative album by American musicians Ariel Pink and R. Stevie Moore, self-released on Bandcamp on February 12, 2012. Some of it was recorded with Jason Falkner, who engineered and performed on several tracks. On April 30, the album was officially issued by Stroll On Records as a limited edition cassette that condensed its original 60-track running order to 20. In June 2016, the album was given its first vinyl pressing.

</doc>
<doc id="56825873" url="?curid=56825873" title="Todds Fork">
Todds Fork


</doc>
<doc id="56825876" url="?curid=56825876" title="Vroom Multiplayer">
Vroom Multiplayer


</doc>
<doc id="56825884" url="?curid=56825884" title="Borbacha pardaria">
Borbacha pardaria

Borbacha pardaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1857. It is found in India (north-east Himalaya), Sundaland, Sulawesi and probably in Sri Lanka,

</doc>
<doc id="56825888" url="?curid=56825888" title="Reeders Run">
Reeders Run

Reeders Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to Turtle Creek.
Reeders Run was named after David Reeder, an early settler who purchased the site in 1797.

</doc>
<doc id="56825889" url="?curid=56825889" title="Clusia major">
Clusia major

Clusia major is a tropical plant species in the genus "Clusia". The name "Clusia major" is sometimes misapplied to the more widely distributed species "Clusia rosea", which, however has petiolate (versus virtually sessile), very dark (versus bright) green leaves that are widest just below the apex (versus near the middle), and 8 (versus 5) stigmata. Fruits of "C. rosea" are about as long as wide (versus much longer than wide).
Distribution.
"Clusia major" occurs in the Lesser Antilles.

</doc>
<doc id="56825893" url="?curid=56825893" title="Bylazora infumata">
Bylazora infumata

Bylazora infumata is a moth of the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="56825895" url="?curid=56825895" title="Reeder's Run">
Reeder's Run


</doc>
<doc id="56825897" url="?curid=56825897" title="Chetniks in the Interwar period">
Chetniks in the Interwar period


</doc>
<doc id="56825899" url="?curid=56825899" title="King Edward VII College of Medicine">
King Edward VII College of Medicine

King Edward VII Medical College (KEMC) was a medical school from 1905 to 1949 in Singapore, the first one in what was then Malaya. It was officially named King Edward VII Medical College in 1921 and subsequently became the Faculty of Medicine, University of Malaya.
History.
The establishment of King Edward VII Medical College began with the issue of shortage of medical and public health assistants in Singapore and Penang in the late 1890s. This problem was voiced by the Board of Education in April 1902. Thus, the prospect of its own establishment has emerged from among the board members. The King Edward VII Medical College of Medicine was established in 1905, is a tertiary institution, which is also the original parent or pioneer college to the establishment of the University of Malaya in Kuala Lumpur and the National University of Singapore in Singapore.
In a report issued by the Board of Education in 1902, members of the board have agreed to set up the first medical tertiary college in Malaya at that time to meet the needs of medical assistants in government hospitals. However, this desire was not liked by many English communities.
Specific legislation on the establishment of colleges was approved by the Legislative Board of the Straits Settlements in June 1905 under Ordinance No. XV 1905. Officially, the medical college was opened on 3 July 1905 and operates in September. On 8 September 1905, Sir John inaugurated the establishment of the college under the name 'The Straits and Federated Malay States Government Medical School.' 
At the beginning, it was located at the old Women's Lunatic Asylum near the Singapore General Hospital near Sepoy Lines off New Bridge Road, where four asylum buildings were operating to become medical schools. In 1907, a lecture hall and medical laboratory were added. However, due to limited space, there is no library and a special room to house clinical pathology specimens.
One of the historic buildings that are synonymous with the Government Medical School Malay States and the Straits, is the Tan Teck Guan Building, along with the connection Building Medical College (Singapore), the remains of history is the most significant in the history of medical education in Singapore. This is where the beginning of the Singapore medical school where it trains local students in the knowledge of Western medicine.
In 1905, the college housed about 16 medical students, 4 of whom majored in medical assistants in hospitals. In 1910, applications increased to 90 medical students and 30 medical assistants in hospitals. There is only one permanent staff, the Principal of the college, while the lecturer is taken part-time from the medical doctor. The principal of the college is Dr Gerald Dudley Freer, he is a Senior Colonial Resident Surgery in Penang.
In 1910, Dr. Robert Donald Keith was appointed the second Principal of the College. For the first 2 years of the 5 years of medical studies at the College, students are required to study pure science subjects which include biology, chemistry and physics, followed by the study of basic anatomy and physiology of medicine. For the second 3 years, it is compulsory to study clinical clerical knowledge in the fields of medicine, surgery and general midwifery. Course titles include courses in medical pathology, hygiene and medical legal ethics. Materia Medica has been included in 4 years of study in pharmacy education.
Students were also sent for clinical training at several hospitals, but most were at the Singapore General Hospital in the early stages. Beginning in 1908 and above, clinical training was conducted at Tan Tock Seng Hospital (for medical and surgical training) and the Buffalo Cage Children's and Women's Hospital (for midwifery).
The College Board wants to ensure that appropriate recognition is given for the Diploma offered at the College, equivalent to the Diploma issued by the General Board of Medical Education in the United Kingdom. This is important so that the Diploma offered by the College is in line with the global market equivalent to the Diploma in Medical and Surgical Licensing (LMSD) qualification. In 1916, the General Board of Medical Education, United Kingdom recognized the College's Diploma in Medicine and Surgery. Licensing was granted under the List of General Colonial Boards for the Registrar of British Medicine and legally certified for practice throughout the British Empire.
In 1912, the school received initial financial funding of $120,000 from the King Edward VII Memorial Foundation started by Dr Lim Boon Keng. Since then, the school was renamed King Edward VII Medical College on November 18, 1913.
In 1921, this medical school received recognition of college status. Between the years, 1920 to 1930, a transformation plan took place in the college management, where the administrators changed the previous staff to a younger generation of professionals and 9 new seats were established. First in the field of Anatomy in 1920, followed by Medicine, Surgery, Midwifery and Gynecology in 1922 and Clinical Surgery, Bacteriology, Biology, Biochemistry, and Dental Surgery, in 1926. Pathology chair was published in 1935.
In 1923, the College of moved to its building on Outram Road. The building was completed in November 1925 and the opening was inaugurated by Sir Laurence Guillemard in February 1926. During the inauguration ceremony, the College awarded Honorary Diploma Degrees to Sir David James Galloway, Dr Malcolm Watson and Dr Lim Boon Keng.
In 1929, Dr. George V. Allen was appointed the new Principal of the College replacing Dr. MacAlister. Beginning in 1949, four years after the end of World War II, King Edward VII Medical College merged with Raffles College (Singapore) under one administration to form the University of Malaya. Through this merger, King Edward VII Medical College was upgraded to become the Faculty of Medicine, University of Malaya.

</doc>
<doc id="56825902" url="?curid=56825902" title="Straits and Federated Malay States Government Medical School">
Straits and Federated Malay States Government Medical School


</doc>
<doc id="56825903" url="?curid=56825903" title="Cacochloris uvidula">
Cacochloris uvidula

Cacochloris uvidula is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Swinhoe in 1885. It is found in India and probably in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56825905" url="?curid=56825905" title="Ertel Run">
Ertel Run

Ertel Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to the Little Miami River.
Ertel Run was named after an early settler. A variant spelling was "Ertle Run".

</doc>
<doc id="56825907" url="?curid=56825907" title="Austin serial bombings">
Austin serial bombings

The Austin serial bombings occurred between March 2 and March 22, 2018, mostly in Austin, Texas. In total, five package bombs exploded, killing two people and injuring another five. The suspect, 23-year-old Mark Anthony Conditt of Pflugerville, Texas, committed suicide by detonating an explosive inside his vehicle after he was pulled over by police on March 21, also injuring a police officer.
Bombings.
On March 2, 2018, 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House was killed by picking up an apparent package bomb at his home. Austin Police Department Assistant Chief Joseph Chacon floated a theory that House might have bombed himself, perhaps while assembling the device. He also told residents not to worry. 
On March 12, 17-year-old Draylen Mason was killed and his mother injured by an explosion, and another explosion that day seriously injured 75-year-old Esperanza Herrera, who was visiting her elderly mother's house. The second of the March 12 bombs was reportedly addressed to a different address.
A suspected tripwire-activated package bomb injured two men (a 22-year-old and a 23-year-old) in a residential neighborhood in southwest Austin on March 18. The men suffered serious, although not life-threatening, injuries. Unlike the previous bombs, which were left on doorsteps, this bomb was left on the side of the road, attached to a "Caution: Children at Play" sign. Following this fourth blast, Austin Police warned the public of a "serial bomber" possessing "a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill" than initially thought.
On March 20, around 12:25 AM, a bomb exploded in a package at a FedEx Ground facility in Schertz, Texas, injuring one employee. The package was intended for an address in the city of Austin. Later that day, another package bomb was intercepted and defused at a separate FedEx facility in southeast Austin. The two packages were sent by the same person from a FedEx store in Sunset Valley.
Investigation.
Initial theories.
After the first bombing, the Austin Police Department (APD) announced it was investigating the death of House as a possible homicide. Chief Brian Manley said "we have no reason to believe this is anything beyond an isolated incident that took place at this residence, and no reason to believe this is in any way linked to a terrorist act. But we are not making any assumptions. We are conducting a thorough investigation to rule that out." On the following Monday, March 5, Austin police identified the first victim as Anthony Stephan House, and said the death was being treated as suspicious. The first police theory was that House was an unintended victim who was killed by a bomb meant for someone else, perhaps a suspected drug dealer who lived in the neighborhood. Assistant Chief Joseph Chacon said police "can't rule out that Mr. House didn't construct this himself and accidentally detonate it, in which case it would be an accidental death." Later, police began to investigate House's finances.
Serial bombing connections.
After the third bombing, the APD began to investigate the connections between the victims. House's father was close friends with Mason's grandfather. Both of the elder men attend the same church and are prominent members of the African-American community in Austin. Police also cautioned the public against opening suspicious packages, and advised them to call the police instead. Because the bombs appeared to target the east side of Austin, which predominantly consists of poorer, African-American and Latino residents, local activists questioned whether the police advisory and investigation was delayed. By March 20, the police had received more than 1,200 calls about suspicious packages.
Over 500 agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) assisted local police in the investigation. Representative Michael McCaul called it "probably the biggest investigation since the Boston bombings." Former Deputy Director of the FBI Weldon L. Kennedy told news outlets he believed the culprit was a single, highly organized and efficient person because of the rapid pace of the bombings, use of package bombs, and apparent proficiency in the creation of explosives. By March 20, Texas Governor Greg Abbott had allocated $265,000 in government spending for the investigation.
Austin police officially connected the March 2 bombing following the bombings on March 12. The first three packages were not mailed, but instead placed near victims' homes. Two of the first three bombs were triggered upon being picked up, and another triggered upon being opened. The fourth bomb was activated by tripwire. The fifth bomb was triggered in a sorting facility in Schertz, and the sixth was discovered and disarmed in a similar sorting facility in Austin. A FedEx store in the Austin suburb of Sunset Valley was cordoned off early in the morning of March 20 after local police tracked down the origin of the package that exploded at the sorting facility in Schertz.
Police first offered a reward of $65,000 for information leading to an arrest and conviction of the bomber or bombers. Later, this sum was increased to $100,000 and the Texas Governor's office added another $15,000.
Suspect.
Police search and death of suspect.
Police discovered the bombs used some common household ingredients. As part of the investigation, agents collected and reviewed receipts and sales records from stores for suspicious purchases of those components. This review identified Mark Anthony Conditt as a person of interest. Specifically, a large purchase of nails (to be used as shrapnel in the bombs) by Conditt at a Home Depot in Round Rock alerted investigators, as well as uncommon batteries used in the bombs that came from Asia. A federal search warrant was obtained for Conditt's IP address, and the evidence gathered indicated he had used Google to search for information on shipping.
Investigators also obtained a witness sketch of the man. Conditt was captured on security videotape at the FedEx store in Sunset Valley, where he had shipped two explosive devices. The surveillance footage captured a red 2002 Ford Ranger with no license plate; investigators examined records for all matching cars in Texas for white males possibly in their 20s. The footage also captured the man wearing pink construction gloves sold at Home Depot stores; by examining "hours of surveillance video from Home Depot locations in and around Austin" investigators were able to find footage showing what appeared to be the same man. This evidence allowed investigators to narrow the range of persons of interest to a small number of people.
At least one neighbor of Conditt noticed several people sitting in parked cars along the street on the night of March 20, which she now believes were unmarked police vehicles quietly staking out his house. Early on March 21, police moved in to make an arrest. They tracked him to a hotel room in Round Rock (north of Austin), then onto Interstate 35, where they pulled him over at around 2:00a.m. (CDT). As SWAT officers approached, he detonated a bomb in the vehicle, killing himself and injuring one officer, prompting other officers to fire upon the vehicle. The Austin Police Department closed a southbound section of the interstate where FBI and ATF agents were dispatched to investigate.
Biographical sketch and motives.
Mark Anthony Conditt, born in June 1994 (age 23), lived in Pflugerville, Texas, outside Austin. He grew up in a very religious Christian family. The eldest of three children, he attended Austin Community College from 2010 to 2012, leaving without graduating but in good academic standing. He was home-schooled by his mother, who in February 2013 "officially graduated" him from high school. He wrote blog posts in 2012, where he identified as a conservative who was "not that politically inclined"; he argued for the death penalty, and argued against same-sex marriages and sex offender registries. He reportedly was part of a club called Righteous Invasion of Truth (R.I.O.T.), apparently named after a Carman song. The club's members home-schooled children, practiced survivalism, and held Bible studies.
Conditt moved out of his family's home a few years before the bombings and into a house nearby that he bought with his father and lived in with two roommates. He spent several years as an employee of Crux Manufacturing, which makes semiconductors, but he was fired eight months before the bombings for poor performance. He had no criminal record.
Police found a 25-minute video on Conditt's phone in which he described the devices and confessed to the bombings, but the video does not explain how he chose his victims. Austin police chief Brian Manley described the video as "the outcry of a very challenged young man talking about challenges in his life that led him to this point." He declined to label Conditt a domestic terrorist, because "he does not at all mention anything about terrorism, nor does he mention anything about hate." Texas Governor Greg Abbott wondered "Was his goal to terrorize, or did he have some other type of agenda? Obviously, there was terror." The video will not be released during the investigation. On March 29, after criticism of his earlier statements, Chief Manley reversed his stance and called Conditt "a domestic terrorist for what he did to us".
Aftermath.
In response to the bombings, FedEx instituted a new policy on April 2, 2018, requiring all retail customers to provide government photo identification that includes their return address to ship packages.
Subsequent bomb hoaxes and incidents.
On March 17, Live Nation Music, a company organizing events for the annual South by Southwest film and music festival (which ran from March 9 to 18), received a bomb threat via email. Additional threats were made by phone to the eBay customer service center in Austin. Police searched the area mentioned in the email and found nothing of concern, but planned performances by The Roots and Ludacris, among others, were canceled. Police arrested 26-year-old Trevor Weldon Ingram the next day; Ingram is charged with making a terroristic threat, a third-degree felony, in connection with the email. Police do not believe Ingram had any link to the explosions in Texas.
On March 20, a man was burned by a device described as an "artillery simulator device" in a donation box at a Goodwill in South Austin, and was taken to St. David's South Austin Medical Center. ATF agents and police officers quickly responded to the scene, and firefighters of the Austin Fire Department (AFD) evacuated the building of civilians. The Austin Police Department announced shortly afterward via Twitter that this appeared unrelated to the serial bomber.

</doc>
<doc id="56825909" url="?curid=56825909" title="Operation Quyet Thang">
Operation Quyet Thang

Operation Quyet Thang (), was a United States Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) security operation to reestablish South Vietnamese control over the areas immediately around Saigon in the aftermath of the Tet Offensive. The operation started on 11 March 1968 and ended on 7 April 1968.
Background.
While their Tet Offensive attacks on Saigon had been quickly repulsed, in early March, more than 20 Vietcong (VC) battalions remained near Gia Định Province, threatening the city. The 101st Regiment, the "Đồng Nai" Regiment and elements of the 165th Regiment were in southern Bình Dương Province, north of Saigon. Several battalions were in Thủ Đức District northeast of Saigon. Five or 6 unidentified battalions were in Long An Province southwest of Saigon. The 271st and 272nd Regiments of the 9th Division, the D16, 267th, and 269th Main Force Battalions were in eastern Hậu Nghĩa Province northwest of Saigon. While most of these units had suffered heavy losses in the Tet Offensive, their continued presence applied pressure on Saigon and prevented the reestablishment of South Vietnamese Government control.
COMUSMACV General William Westmoreland instructed II Field Force commander LTG Frederick C. Weyand and ARVN III Corps commander LTG Lê Nguyên Khang to sweep the districts surrounding Saigon. The 1st, 9th and 25th Infantry Divisions supported by the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment (11th ACR) would provide most of the maneuver battalions, with subordinate units in many cases pairing up with ARVN units. The 199th Light Infantry Brigade, worked with the elite South Vietnamese Marine Brigade and the Airborne Division in Gia Định Province. The 2nd and 3rd Brigades, 1st Infantry Division partnered with the ARVN 7th and 8th Regiments, 5th Infantry Division in Bình Dương Province. The 3rd Brigade, 9th Infantry Division partnered with the ARVN 50th Regiment in Long An Province. The 3rd Squadron, 11th ACR moved into southeastern Hậu Nghĩa Province to support the ARVN 49th Regiment, 25th Infantry Division. The 2nd and 3rd Brigades, 25th Infantry Division worked with a cavalry squadron from the ARVN 25th Infantry Division and territorial units in northern and western Hậu Nghĩa Province.
Operation.
The operation commenced on 11 March. On 12 March, Troop M, 3rd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry and an ARVN Regional Force company engaged more than 100 VC from the 267th and 269th Battalions in forest 6km north of Đức Hòa in eastern Hậu Nghĩa Province. The Allied force killed 36 VC and captured 10.
From 15–17 March the 3rd Squadron, 11th ACR and ARVN forces engaged the 272nd Regiment between Đức Hòa and Củ Chi, killing 273 VC before losing contact. On 20 March Troops L and M and an ARVN Battalion regained contact with the 272nd Regiment killing 142 VC that day and 57 more in the same area 6 days later. Following these losses the 272nd Regiment withdrew into War zone C.
On 24 March the 1st Brigade, 25th Division engaged the 7th "Cu Chi" Battalion near Trảng Bàng in northern Hậu Nghĩa Province.
In late March, Allied intelligence detected VC troop movements south from War Zone C to camps along the Saigon River. On the morning of 25 March, a VC unit attacked two Regional Forces outposts near Trảng Bàng. The ARVN 43rd Ranger Battalion and a U.S. mechanized force from the 4th Battalion, 25th Infantry Division and the 2nd Battalion, 34th Armor Regiment rushed to the area killing at least 287 VC in the ten-hour battle for the loss of 23 ARVN/U.S. killed.
On 26 March, east of Hóc Môn ARVN Airborne forces found 128 dead VC who had apparently been killed by air and artillery strikes while moving south towards Saigon. On 27 March the 2nd Battalion, 34th Armor, and two companies from the 2nd Battalion, 14th Infantry Regiment, killed some 97 VC 5km northeast of Trảng Bàng.
On 28 March LTG Weyand moved the 199th Light Infantry Brigade from Biên Hòa Province to Tây Ninh Province to help the 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division patrol the area between Tây Ninh and Dầu Tiếng to close the communist infiltration routes from Cambodia into central III Corps. This new operation was named Operation Wilderness.
The first week of April saw a sharp drop in enemy contact in the Quyet Thang operational area. Allied intelligence indicated that the VC had withdrawn to more remote areas. Rocket attacks on Saigon had become less frequent as the VC had been pushed back and ARVN forces were now able to reestablish control of the areas around the capital.
Aftermath.
The operation was considered a success and the U.S. claimed 2,658 VC killed. It was followed immediately by Operation Toan Thang I which expanded the security operation across III Corps.
The official PAVN history described the operation and Operation Toan Thang I as "causing a great many difficulties for our units trying to approach their targets" for the May Offensive.

</doc>
<doc id="56825910" url="?curid=56825910" title="Zha Haisheng">
Zha Haisheng


</doc>
<doc id="56825915" url="?curid=56825915" title="Grand Hotel et des Palmes">
Grand Hotel et des Palmes

The Grand Hotel et des Palmes is a historic hotel in Palermo, Sicily, on the central Via Roma.
The building was built on the initiative of the Ingham - Whitaker family in 1874 and used as a private residence. The house was connected by a secret passage to the adjacent Anglican church. Initially, the building consisted of a two-story low body with an exotic winter garden that reached the sea.
At the end of the nineteenth century, the house was sold to the knight Enrico Ragusa, who in 1907 commissioned the transformation of Palazzo Ingham in the Grande Albergo delle Palme to the architect Ernesto Basile. It became a luxury hotel, symbol of the Belle Époque.
In November 2018 it was acquired by Algebris for roughly 12 million euros.
Notable people who have resided in the hotel include:

</doc>
<doc id="56825929" url="?curid=56825929" title="Jonahs Run">
Jonahs Run

Jonahs Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to Caesar Creek.
Jonahs Run was named after an early settler. Variant names were "Jonah's Run" and "Jonas Run".

</doc>
<doc id="56825934" url="?curid=56825934" title="Tai Wang-shu">
Tai Wang-shu


</doc>
<doc id="56825937" url="?curid=56825937" title="Shih Che-ts'un">
Shih Che-ts'un


</doc>
<doc id="56825946" url="?curid=56825946" title="Calletaera postvittata">
Calletaera postvittata

Calletaera postvittata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in the Indian sub-region, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and Sundaland.
Its ground color is pale brown. Hindwing postmedial is distinctly dark brown and broadening gradually towards the dorsum. The caterpillar has a pale grass-greenish body with broken whitish lines bordered with pinkish-brown bands. Head dirty yellow white in color with pinkish-brown spots. Pupation occurs in a light cocoon made by particles of substrate in a crevice or on the ground.
 Host plants of the caterpillar are "Memecylon edule" and other "Memecylon" species.

</doc>
<doc id="56825948" url="?curid=56825948" title="Newman Run">
Newman Run

Newman Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to the Little Miami River.
Newman Run was named after Jonathan Newman, the proprietor of a watermill along its course. Newman Run is one of many streams in Warren County named after settlers.

</doc>
<doc id="56825953" url="?curid=56825953" title="Martins Run">
Martins Run

Martins Run (also called Martin Run) is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Martins Run was named after John Martin, a pioneer citizen. Martins Run is one of many streams in Warren County bearing the name of an early settler.

</doc>
<doc id="56825955" url="?curid=56825955" title="Panmunjom Truce Village">
Panmunjom Truce Village


</doc>
<doc id="56825966" url="?curid=56825966" title="Kim Soon-duk">
Kim Soon-duk

Kim Soon-duk (1921–2004), also known as Kim Tŏk-chin, was a Korean comfort woman who became one of the best-known survivors due to her vivid paintings that depicted life as 'comfort women.' She participated in movements against sex slavery including the Wednesday Demonstration. She also travelled abroad to attend exhibits that displayed her paintings, participated in international speaking tours, and testified about her experiences.
After the end of Japanese colonization in Korea, which occurred from 1910 to 1945, many of the atrocities and injustices began to surface. Several activist groups gathered evidence and encouraged victims to come forward. Both Korean and Japanese people pressured the Japanese government to acknowledge its crimes; however, in 1991 the Japanese Embassy in Seoul denied the existence of an official, militarized form of sexual slavery. Kim Hak-sun responded to the Japanese Embassy's official statement and became the first woman to openly testify about her experience as a 'comfort woman.' She inspired other women, including Kim Soon-duk, to come forward with their stories. 'Comfort Women,' along with their supporters, continue to fight against sexual violence and confront the Japanese government to acknowledge their crimes and compensate the victims.
Background.
Kim Soon-duk was born in 1921 and grew up in a poor family in South Kyongsang Province. Her father died when she was a child. When she was twelve, she worked as a housemaid to help her mother and her four siblings. In 1937, Kim Soon-duk was 16-years-old when she met a Korean man who told her that she would be sent to Japan to work as a well-paid factory worker. Instead, the Korean man took her and about thirty other women to a military brothel that he ran in Shanghai and later to another comfort station in Nanking.
Although she did not have a formal education, she was smart. She was also pretty. She was chosen to serve high-ranking officers and transported into the army unit by car. She developed an intimate relationship with Izumi, a high-ranking Japanese officer in his fifties, and came to rely on him as her father, husband, and family. She was a 'comfort woman' for three years from 1937 to 1940.
In 1940, Kim Soon-duk and four other women from her village were able to return to Korea due to Izumi's love and concern. She received 100 yen and a white envelope that contained official travel permits that allowed her and her peers to secure lodging, food, and travel by train, truck, and boat. In an interview published in 2008, Kim said:After returning home, I received letters from Izumi constantly. I sent my replies to him and even sent care packages to him. He would write me thanking me for them, saying that he enjoyed the toasted grain powder, but the chili powder, he wrote, was so hot that it almost killed him, jokingly asking me whether I intended to kill him with it. He would also correct my Japanese spelling and write humorous letters as well….After I moved to Seoul, I continued to receive his letters from Nanking until one or two years before the Liberation. I lost all the letters during the Korean War. In the early 1990s, Kim Soon-duk was taken to Japan to testify about her experiences during the war. She would actively ask for help from Japanese supporters to find Izumi. In January 1995, a representative of the Korean Council acknowledged that she and her colleagues were embarrassed about Kim Soon-duk's conduct and decided not to take her on their future trips to Japan.
Professor Soh's book, "The Comfort Women", which has been referenced to detail the nature of Kim Soon-duk's forced captivity and sexual slavery engages in a dubious amount of historiographical engagement. This is made particularly evident because none of the postwar historiography of the comfort women were ever conducted by Soh herself, and instead she chose to interview only other activists and historians. She demonstrates somewhat irresponsible scholarship and negligence as well, which is indicated by the historical inaccuracies of her argument, such as leaving behind inconsistent legal interpretations of international war crimes, as well as names of certain universities. For this reason, Professor Soh's detail of Kim Soon-duk as wanting to reunite with Izumi is disrespectful to the legacy left behind by Kim Soon-duk, and Kim Soon-duk's own efforts to organize around a formal apology from the Japanese government and reparations for these heinous war crimes.
Surviving 'comfort women,' including Kim Soon-duk, lived in a rental house together in the early 1990s. Buddhist groups helped raise funds to support and establish a social welfare facility called the House of Sharing in 1992. Kim Soon-duk moved into the House of Sharing in 1992 with her friend Park Duri. Park Duri would often jokingly salute Kim Soon-duk, who is five years her senior, and turn to her for advice and assistance. In February 1996, the survivor-residents moved to the new, official House of Sharing that consists of residential wings, a recreation room, a Buddhist sanctuary, educational and training activities, and the first "Japanese Comfort Women History Museum in Korea","" which opened in August 1998.
Kim Soon-duk died in 2004 when she was 83-years-old. A Buddhist ceremony commemorated her death in the House of Sharing’s shrine.
Activism.
In the 1990s, Kim Soon-duk was involved with The Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Sexual Slavery in Japan, also known as the Korean Council, which organizes weekly protests in Seoul. She was a devoted participant in the weekly Wednesday Demonstrations in front of the Japanese embassy in Seoul, which started in 1992 and still occurs today. Kim Soon-duk also went on international speaking tours to raise awareness internationally through her testimonials and artwork. She and Kang Duk-kyung received a lot of attention during the earlier years of the movement for their distinct, vivid paintings, which depicted the lives and stories of 'comfort women.' 
In 2000, she shared her wartime explanation at an art show at the San Francisco Arts Commission Gallery: Kim recalls the day they arrived, the screaming and confusion. "There were thousands of soldiers lined up, with military police at either end. The women resisted very violently. But it was done on a daily basis. Some girls passed out, and they took them to the hospital." 
The experience was so horrific that "I tried to commit suicide twice," says Kim, who was later sent to a comfort station in Nanking. She spent three years as a sex slave until she became ill with internal bleeding and was sent home. "It was my strong desire to return home and see my family that kept me going." Kim Soon-duk hoped that her artwork would: [Send] a message to the Japanese government, because they haven't issued a formal apology yet. It's (also) a way to send a message to the people in Korea and Japan and all over the world that this shouldn't happen again. This was a horrible experience. Too many innocent people perished and suffered because of this war. My big message is no more war.The House of Sharing includes a gallery that exhibits Kim Soon-duk's artwork. The House of Sharing also organizes tours to teach the public about her experiences through her paintings. Her famous painting "Unblossomed Flower," also inspired the statue of the young girl that stands in the center of the House of Sharing grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="56825968" url="?curid=56825968" title="Halls Creek (disambiguation)">
Halls Creek (disambiguation)

Halls Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56825971" url="?curid=56825971" title="Jonah Williams (offensive lineman)">
Jonah Williams (offensive lineman)

Jonah Williams (born November 17, 1997) is an American football offensive tackle for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Alabama Crimson Tide.
High School career.
Williams moved to California in ninth grade, after growing up in Atlanta. In Folsom, Williams was a four-star offensive tackle who committed to Alabama. He also received offers from Auburn, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Michigan and USC.
College career.
During his first season, Williams received the reputation as a "film junkie". Following the 2017 season, Williams was named to the Third Team All-American. On January 11, 2019, Williams announced that he would declare for the 2019 NFL Draft.
Professional career.
Williams was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals 11th overall in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft.
On June 25, 2019, it was revealed that Williams underwent left shoulder surgery to repair a torn labrum. Williams had suffered the injury while participating in OTAs two weeks prior to the surgery. He was placed on the reserve/physically unable to perform list on August 31, 2019. He did not play during his rookie season.
Williams entered the 2020 season as the Bengals starting left tackle. He started 10 of 12 games, missing two games due to injury, before suffering a knee injury in Week 14. He was placed on injured reserve on December 9, 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56825973" url="?curid=56825973" title="Hall's Creek">
Hall's Creek


</doc>
<doc id="56825975" url="?curid=56825975" title="Together at Christmas">
Together at Christmas

Together at Christmas is a Christmas album by vocalist Etta Jones and saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 2000 and released on the Highnote label.

</doc>
<doc id="56825978" url="?curid=56825978" title="Halls Creek (Ohio)">
Halls Creek (Ohio)

Halls Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to the Little Miami River.
Halls Creek was named after an early settler.

</doc>
<doc id="56825981" url="?curid=56825981" title="Heidi Balch">
Heidi Balch


</doc>
<doc id="56825990" url="?curid=56825990" title="Millers Creek (disambiguation)">
Millers Creek (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56825991" url="?curid=56825991" title="Adenosine deaminases that act on RNA">
Adenosine deaminases that act on RNA


</doc>
<doc id="56825993" url="?curid=56825993" title="Double-stranded RNA-specific adenosine deaminase">
Double-stranded RNA-specific adenosine deaminase


</doc>
<doc id="56825998" url="?curid=56825998" title="Shanghai derbies">
Shanghai derbies


</doc>
<doc id="56826000" url="?curid=56826000" title="Something Entirely New">
Something Entirely New


</doc>
<doc id="56826002" url="?curid=56826002" title="Millers Creek (Ohio)">
Millers Creek (Ohio)

Millers Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. The long stream is a tributary to Shaker Creek.
Millers Creek has the name of the local Miller family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826004" url="?curid=56826004" title="Celenna festivaria">
Celenna festivaria

Celenna festivaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1794. It is found in India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Borneo, Java Taiwan, the Ryukyu Islands and Luzon in the Philippines.
Description.
Its ground color is brown. Bright green medial blotches are found on both wings. The hindwing patch has an excavation at the center of its interior margin.
Subspecies.
Three subspecies are recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="56826005" url="?curid=56826005" title="2018 Women's Basketball Invitational">
2018 Women's Basketball Invitational

The 2018 Women's Basketball Invitational (WBI) was a single-elimination tournament consisting of 16 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I teams that did not participate in the 2018 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament or 2018 Women's National Invitation Tournament. The 2018 field was announced on March 13. First round WBI games occurred on March 14 and 15; second-round games were played on March 19 and 20. The tournament semifinals were held March 23 and 24, and the 2018 WBI Championship game was held on March 29. Yale defeated Central Arkansas, 54-50, to become WBI champions.

</doc>
<doc id="56826008" url="?curid=56826008" title="2017–18 CWHL standings">
2017–18 CWHL standings


</doc>
<doc id="56826009" url="?curid=56826009" title="Carlos E. Carrillo Velasquez">
Carlos E. Carrillo Velasquez

Carlos E. Carrillo Velasquez (born 1890) was a Peruvian educator, prison administrator, and bibliophile. Carrillo Velasquez amassed one of the largest, most comprehensive book collections on the history of late 19th and early 20th century Peruvian publishing.
Biography.
Carrillo Velasquez was born on February 6, 1890, in Lima, Peru. He attended Colegio Santo Tomas de Aquino and Colegio Labarthe. In 1912, he moved to Monsefu, in the Lambayeque Region, as an educator at a state-funded all-boys school. While there, he published "El Colegial", a serial produced on his typewriter, the first such writing machine to be brought to the area. Carrillo Velasquez was the director of other schools in the region, such as those in Villa de Eten and Ferreñafe. He was active in social clubs, such as the Rotary Club, and in founding new chapters of the Club de Tiro al Blanco.
In the 1920s, Carrillo Velasquez served as director of various periodicals including "Voz del Obrero", participated in the fourth congress of the Pro-Rights Committee of Tahuantinsuyo, and became a member of the Benemérita Sociedad Fundadores de la Independencia. He returned to Lima in the mid-1920s, and developed his interests in print culture. While in Lima, he helped produce a newspaper for north Peru transplants in Lima, "El Heraldo de Sechura". Carrillo Velasquez enrolled in the Escuela Penitenciaria de Vigilantes del Peru, and graduated in 1930 as a Superior Employee of Detention, Correctional, and Protection Centers of the Republic ("Empleado Superior de Establecimientos de Detencion, Correcion y de Tutela de la Republica").
He was sub-director of the Reformatorio de Menores de Surco from 1929 until 1934, when he became Administrator General of the Penitenciaria Central de Lima and was given charge of the penitentiary's printing and binding workshops.

</doc>
<doc id="56826011" url="?curid=56826011" title="Global Force Wrestling">
Global Force Wrestling

Global Force Wrestling is an inactive American professional wrestling promotion founded in 2014 by Jeff Jarrett, the co-founder and former President of Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (now known as Impact Wrestling), and his wife Karen Jarrett. It is owned and operated via its parent company Global Force Entertainment, LLC.
The promotion ran several live events and tapings for a potential television show. Jeff Jarrett returned to Impact Wrestling in an executive role in January 2017 and Karen Jarrett announced that GFW had "merged" with Impact on April 20, 2017. Impact Wrestling assumed the GFW name the following month, but it was dropped when Jeff Jarrett departed the company four months later. Jarrett resumed promoting events under the name in December 2017, but has not run any events since October 2018.
History.
Formation and live events.
With Jeff Jarrett out as minority investor of TNA Wrestling, he debuted the branding of Global Force Wrestling (business name Global Force Entertainment, LLC) in April 2014 and began promoting the brand and establishing international partnerships with wrestling promotions across the world. The organization had a strategic partnership with 25/7 Productions and David Broome (creator of NBC's "The Biggest Loser"). Broome stated that the organization planned to create new on-air content 52 weeks per year.
By August 2014, GFW announced working agreements with Mexican promotion Lucha Libre AAA World Wide (AAA), Japan's New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) promotion, multiple European promotions, South African promotion World Wrestling Professionals (WWP), and promotions from Australia and New Zealand.
As part of GFW's relationship with New Japan Pro-Wrestling, it presented NJPW's Wrestle Kingdom 9 at the Tokyo Dome on the American pay-per-view market on January 4, 2015. The pay-per-view featured English language commentary from Jim Ross and Matt Striker. Wrestle Kingdom 9 reportedly drew 12,000 to 15,000 buys in North America.
Throughout May 2015, Jarrett announced talent for their roster, which included Bullet Club members Karl Anderson and Doc Gallows, the Killer Elite Squad, and Chael Sonnen as an expert analyst. Jarrett also announced that four champions (Global, NEX*GEN, Tag Team and Women's Champion) would be crowned at the July 24 tapings.
The first Global Force Wrestling house show took place on June 12, 2015, at The Ballpark at Jackson in Jackson, Tennessee, as part of GFW's "Grand Slam Tour", which entailed holding events at minor league baseball stadiums. In that show's main event, Karl Anderson and Doc Gallows defeated the New Heavenly Bodies.
On July 9, 2015, Jeff Jarrett announced that the name of GFW's television program was "Amped". Tapings for "Amped" took place at the Orleans Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada on July 24, August 21, and October 23, 2015. In a December 2015 interview, Jeff Jarrett said that they had sixteen one-hour shows filmed at the Las Vegas tapings and hoped to have the programs air globally on television in the future.
GFW announced that they had signed an international TV distribution deal with Boulder Creek TV in the UK on September 14, 2015, and with New Zealand's TVNZ Duke on February 18, 2016. Despite this, no tapings of "Amped" ever aired until 2017, when footage from them was aired as Impact One Night Only pay-per-view specials. Overall, the promotion held 36 live events.
Association with Impact Wrestling and lawsuits.
After returning to TNA in early 2017 as the promotion's chief creative officer, Jarrett stated that GFW and the newly renamed Impact Wrestling were "becoming one day-by-day". On the April 20 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Karen Jarrett announced that GFW and Impact Wrestling had officially merged. In a press release issued on June 28, Impact Wrestling announced that their parent company, Anthem Sports &amp; Entertainment Corp., had entered into an agreement to acquire the rights to GFW. After the announcement, Impact Wrestling rebranded and took on the Global Force Wrestling name. Jeff Jarrett took an indefinite leave of absence from the company in September and Anthem slowly reverted to using the Impact Wrestling name. Impact Wrestling's rebranding was officially over on October 23, when Impact announced that its business partnership with Jeff Jarrett and GFW was terminated. The deal for Anthem to acquire GFW was never completed and Jeff Jarrett continues to own the rights to GFW.
On August 14, 2018, Jeff Jarrett and Global Force Entertainment announced that it had filed a lawsuit against Anthem Sports &amp; Entertainment in the District Court of Tennessee for copyright infringement over the GFW rights, as Jarrett owned all GFW properties since its creation in 2014. It was revealed on February 19, 2019, that Jarrett filed another lawsuit claiming that Impact Wrestling had deleted the master copies of all 16 hours of "GFW Amped". Jarrett also sued in attempt to get the trademarks of his name and likeness from Anthem. Anthem counter-sued in July 2019, arguing that they were the rightful owners of the "Jeff Jarrett" copyright, that Jarrett knew the master tapes had been deleted, that they made no money off of GFW's content and that the looks and trademarks of GFW and their former Global Wrestling Network app are not similar.
A mistrial was declared on July 30, 2020. The jury had come to a verdict but this was voided by a judge after a motion by Anthem stated that comments made by Jarrett's attorney had prejudiced them. In October, Jarrett's request for a new trial was denied without prejudice, meaning that he could have requested a new trial at a later date. However, Jarrett and Anthem reached a settlement in January 2021.
Promotional return.
Global Force Wrestling returned with a private show held for the Kentucky Wildcats and Northwestern Wildcats on December 27, 2017.
In May 2018, FITE TV announced that they had reached a deal with Global Force Entertainment to produce content for the streaming network. The first event GFW produced for "FITE TV" was Starrcast, which was held during the week of All In from August 28 to September 2, 2018. On October 21, 2018, GFW co-produced the NWA 70th Anniversary Show with the National Wrestling Alliance in Nashville, Tennessee. Global Force Wrestling would become dormant in the following year, as Jarrett was hired by WWE as a backstage producer and member of their creative team, a job which would last through to January 2021 as he left in order to pursue new projects potentially related to GFW.

</doc>
<doc id="56826014" url="?curid=56826014" title="Baker Creek (Little Miami River tributary)">
Baker Creek (Little Miami River tributary)

Baker Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to the Little Miami River.
Baker Creek has the name of the local Baker family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826017" url="?curid=56826017" title="Chiasmia sufflata">
Chiasmia sufflata

Chiasmia sufflata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1858. It is found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56826025" url="?curid=56826025" title="Civic tech">
Civic tech


</doc>
<doc id="56826026" url="?curid=56826026" title="Fanni Tellis Creek">
Fanni Tellis Creek

Fanni Tellis Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The creek's name, also spelled "Fannie Tullis", honors a local citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="56826027" url="?curid=56826027" title="Mountain City Fiddlers Convention">
Mountain City Fiddlers Convention

The Mountain City Fiddlers Convention was held in the East Tennessee town of Mountain City, in May 1925. The gathering was attended by many acclaimed Appalachian musicians, and pioneers of bluegrass and country music, such as G. B. Grayson, Charlie Bowman, and Al Hopkins. The contest helped to define the music of East Tennessee, and along with the Bristol recording sessions of 1927, and the Johnson City sessions of 1928 and 1929, it is regarded as one of the events which helped to launch the modern country music industry.
Dudley Vance, of Bluff City, Tennessee, won first prize, with his performance of "Twinkle Little Star". G. B. Grayson, born in 1887, and a native of Johnson County, was also a prize winner for his version of Cumberland Gap.
Music festivals inspired by the original.
The Mountain City convention has been the inspiration for other festivals and competitions, each featuring fiddlers and other old-time musicians.
Old Time Fiddler's Convention.
The Old Time Fiddler's Convention takes place in the nearby town of Laurel Bloomery, and is held the Saturday before Labor Day weekend at the Old Mill Music Park. It commemorates the annual anniversary of the 1925 gathering. Local, regional, and international musicians travel to attend this festival, which is marked with old time folk and bluegrass music.
Upper East Tennessee Fiddler's Convention.
In late April, 2017, the first annual Upper East Tennessee Fiddler's Convention was held in the community of Flag Pond, in Unicoi County, Tennessee. Among other goals, the event helps support Rocky Fork State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56826028" url="?curid=56826028" title="Fannie Tullis Creek">
Fannie Tullis Creek


</doc>
<doc id="56826035" url="?curid=56826035" title="Chlorochaeta integranota">
Chlorochaeta integranota

Chlorochaeta integranota is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Hampson in 1893. It is found in Sri Lanka and South India.
The antenna of the male are bipectinate (comb like on both sides) and the female are filiform (thread like). The apex of the forewing is blunt and of the hindwing is round. Wings green. Hindwing usually with postmedial line absent. White to brown blotches found.

</doc>
<doc id="56826037" url="?curid=56826037" title="Dugans Run">
Dugans Run

Dugans Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Dugans Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826039" url="?curid=56826039" title="Caldwell station">
Caldwell station

Caldwell station was the fourth of six stations on the Erie Railroad Caldwell Branch, located in Caldwell, New Jersey. The station was located on Bloomfield Avenue (County Route 506) just north-east of Caldwell College (now Caldwell University). The station opened in 1891 as the terminus of the Caldwell Railroad, a branch of the New York and Greenwood Lake Railroad that forked off at Great Notch station in Little Falls, Passaic County.
Caldwell station was one of two stations in the borough, the other being located at the Monomonock Inn, a local hotel that closed in 1940. Service was extended in 1891 to nearby Essex Fells. The original station in Caldwell, built in June 1891, was moved by horse to nearby Verona station in 1905 after the latter burned down. The railroad used 12 horses to get the depot, which was serving as a freight depot, down to Verona.
Caldwell station existed through the end of service on the Caldwell Branch, when the Erie-Lackawanna Railroad discontinued service on September 30, 1966. The borough had the station demolished a year prior on August 6, 1965.
History.
Caldwell station opened with the construction of the Caldwell Branch of the New York and Greenwood Lake Railroad (a subsidiary of the Erie Railroad system). The original proposed service through Caldwell was the Caldwell Railroad, a company founded in March 1869 for the construction of a railroad between Montclair and Caldwell. Construction began in 1872 of the railroad. However, work on this route was suspended in 1872 due to the inability to complete a tunnel through Montclair and nearby Verona. About of the tunnel was left uncompleted.
The railroad was built in 1891, with the route via Great Notch station in Little Falls. As part of the construction, a depot, measured at , was built for the terminal of the new railroad. Service on the railroad began on July 4, 1891. Service, one year later, was extended to nearby Essex Fells. 
The station was replaced in 1904 as part of the construction of the Morristown and Caldwell Railroad. Construction of this new station cost the Erie Railroad $20,000 (1904 USD). The new station would do the work of the Erie Railroad and the Morristown and Caldwell Railroad. This new depot was measured at . On July 4, 1904, thirteen years after the commencement of service through Caldwell, the first train of the Morristown and Caldwell crossed through the borough. The old station, built in 1891, was moved across the tracks, serving as a freight house.
On January 9, 1905, the passenger station built at the nearby Verona station caught fire. The depot, along with its contents, were burned and lost. The Erie Railroad decided to take the old station at Caldwell, serving as a freight depot, to become the new passenger depot at Verona. In February 1905, the snow-covered ground served as an opportunity to move the depot. With 12 horses, the old freight depot was moved up Bloomfield Avenue on rafters to Depot Street and Personette Street. This depot burned down in the winter of 1962.
In July 1907, commuters were confused when they came to Caldwell station and found the doors locked. Henry Banta, the newly-appointed station agent, had left town and locked the station without telling anyone. When an employee from Pavonia Terminal came to Caldwell to open the station, they found everything in good condition with all books and details in place. Banta, like his predecessor, John I. Jacobus, is believed to have left due to the incredible amount of work it was taking with no assistant.
In 1902, the Monomonock Inn, a local hotel and resort, opened on the east side of Prospect St, between Bloomfield Ave and Academy Rd. This helped influence the growth of Caldwell, to the extent that by 1916, the inn itself had its own station on the Caldwell Branch. The Inn was closed and razed in 1940, to be replaced by local housing and an A&amp;P grocery store. Local streetcar service, which ran next to the Caldwell station on Bloomfield Avenue ended in 1952.
The borough of Caldwell purchased the depot in 1965 from the cash-strapped Erie Lackawanna Railroad. (The Erie Railroad and the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad had merged on October 17, 1960, as they were both struggling financially.) The borough razed the depot on August 6, 1965. Service at Caldwell station ended on September 30, 1966, when multiple branch lines of the Erie Lackawanna were discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="56826040" url="?curid=56826040" title="Rosers Run">
Rosers Run

Rosers Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Rosers Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826042" url="?curid=56826042" title="Sampathawaduge Maxwell Grenville Silva">
Sampathawaduge Maxwell Grenville Silva

Sampathawaduge Maxwell Grenville Silva was born on September 27, 1953 in Willorawatte, Moratuwa, Sri Lanka. Presently he is serving as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Colombo.
Birth and childhood.
He was born into a devoted Roman Catholic family to parents Stanley John Silva and Eugene Victoria Dias. He was the second child of four and the eldest of three brothers. He initially entered the Roman Catholic School in Willorawatte and later attended St. Sebastian College, Moratuwa where he completed his secondary education. As a child he was very much attached to the St. Charles Borommeo parish, Willorawatte and has been a devoted member of the Legion of Mary. Young Maxwell Silva was greatly attached to the 'Brookside' St. Joseph's Convent - Piliyandala where he served as an altar server for many years.
Steps toward vocational ministry.
Neither Silva's parents nor his family observed signs of his calling when he was a child. He entered the St Aloysius Minor Seminary on May 3, 1967 after his General Ordinary Level examination. It is said that the Jesuit priests on his mother's side of the family were inspirational in this vocational call and with his parents' blessing he chose the path to priesthood. He excelled in both studies and in sports.
Ordination and priesthood.
In 1971 he gained admission to the Harwarden Intermediate Seminary at Haputhale and on February 9, 1974 he entered the National Seminary in Ampitiya with God's guidance for the formation of the priesthood. He was ordained to the priesthood on July 25, 1981, alongside several other deacons at St. Lucia's Cathedral by , Archbishop Emeritus of Colombo.
Since then he has served in the parishes of Dalugama (1981-1983), Thibbotugoda (1983-1986), Mabola and Kerawelapitiya.
Diocese responsibilities
Serving to educate children.
In addition to the Degree in Theology from Rome, he completed his Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Keleniya and subsequently his master's degree in sociology also from the same university amidst parish responsibilities. He also obtained a Diploma in Education and Masters in Arts from the National Institution of Education.
He was the first to join the governmental service as a Catholic priest under the direction of Archbishop Emeritus of Colombo and was posted to St. Joseph's College, Grandpass as his first appointment.
Subsequently, he was assigned as the Vice Principal of the Ragama Basilica College and his final appointment was as the Principal of St. Thomas' College, Kotte which he relinquished upon his elevation as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Colombo. His teaching career spans over 20 years.
Appointment.
Pope Benedict XVI appointed him as the one of the Auxiliary Bishops of the Archdiocese of Colombo (alongside Rt. Rev Fidelis Lionel Emmanuel Fernando) on Nov. 28, 2011. He was the fourth priest to enter the episcopacy from Moratuwa following His Lordships Bishop Julian Winston Fernando, Bishop Marius Peiris, Bishop Valence Mendis.
Episcopal Ordination.
The Episcopal consecration took place on February 11, 2012 at St.Lucia's Cathedral, Colombo. His Eminence Malcolm Cardinal Ranjith, the Archbishop of Colombo presided as the Principal Consecrator along with Most Rev Archbishop Joseph Spiteri (former Apostolic Nuncio to Sri Lanka) and Rt. Rev Bishop Rayappu Joseph (Bishop Emeritus of Mannar).
He was officially named as the Titular Bishop of Lesina.
The Coat of Arms.
The coat of arms is mainly maroon while the top half is in gold. These are the colors of St. Thomas’ College, Kotte, which he served and loved the most. Three colors were chosen by the veteran missionary Rev. Fr. Zacharias Dabrera, founder of the college.
The lower half in maroon has a saw-tooth edge to remind the bishop of his hometown, Moratuwa, famous for its carpentry. It has a lamp and a threefold flame to symbolize the wisdom of the Holy Trinity, which is the basis of all education to which the bishop has dedicated his life. The lamp has an embossed Holy Spirit with the handle of wheat to symbolize his motto. The maroon signifies strength and vigor and the gold signifies victory.
It has the Na flower to symbolize his devotion to Our Lady of Lanka.
Motto.
 — “He fed us with finest wheat”. This is taken from the office readings of Corpus Christi.

</doc>
<doc id="56826044" url="?curid=56826044" title="Central Connecticut">
Central Connecticut


</doc>
<doc id="56826047" url="?curid=56826047" title="Rileys Run">
Rileys Run

Rileys Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Rileys Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826048" url="?curid=56826048" title="Sumithra Warnakulasuriya">
Sumithra Warnakulasuriya

Sumithra Warnakulasuriya (born 25 March 1962) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer.
Warnakulasuriya attended Royal College, Colombo from 1968 to 1982. In 1982 he was the school's head prefect and captain of the cricket team. In the 1980 Royal–Thomian match he scored 197, a record for the contest.
An opening batsman, he played 16 matches of first-class cricket for various Sri Lankan national teams between 1982 and 1986 but was unable to break into the Test team. His highest score was 174 not out off 419 balls for a Sri Lanka Colts XI against the touring Indian side in August 1985.
He later coached in Bangladesh before returning to Sri Lanka to coach the national under-19 team.

</doc>
<doc id="56826056" url="?curid=56826056" title="Dakins Run">
Dakins Run

Dakins Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Dakins Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826057" url="?curid=56826057" title="Mehmet Cekic">
Mehmet Cekic


</doc>
<doc id="56826067" url="?curid=56826067" title="Metsküla, Raikküla Parish">
Metsküla, Raikküla Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56826070" url="?curid=56826070" title="Cooks Run">
Cooks Run

Cooks Run may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56826073" url="?curid=56826073" title="Cooks Run (Rattail Branch)">
Cooks Run (Rattail Branch)

Cooks Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to Rattail Branch.
Cooks Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826078" url="?curid=56826078" title="Collaborative decision-making">
Collaborative decision-making


</doc>
<doc id="56826080" url="?curid=56826080" title="Mount Palay-Palay">
Mount Palay-Palay


</doc>
<doc id="56826083" url="?curid=56826083" title="Richs Run">
Richs Run

Richs Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Richs Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826085" url="?curid=56826085" title="Cowen Run">
Cowen Run

Cowen Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Cowen Run was named in honor of a local family. A variant name was "Cowens Run".

</doc>
<doc id="56826086" url="?curid=56826086" title="Flag Officer, Malta and Central Mediterranean">
Flag Officer, Malta and Central Mediterranean


</doc>
<doc id="56826089" url="?curid=56826089" title="Binodpur G.P">
Binodpur G.P


</doc>
<doc id="56826094" url="?curid=56826094" title="Mulfords Run">
Mulfords Run

Mulfords Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Mulfords Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826099" url="?curid=56826099" title="Genetic and anthropometric studies on Japanese people">
Genetic and anthropometric studies on Japanese people

In population genetics, research has been done on the genetic origins of modern Japanese people.
Overview.
From the point of view of genetic studies, Japanese people:
From the point of view of anthropometric studies, Japanese people have:
Origins.
A common origin of Japanese has been proposed by a number of scholars since Arai Hakuseki first brought up the theory and Fujii Sadamoto, a pioneer of modern archaeology in Japan, also treated the issue in 1781. But after the end of World War II, Kotondo Hasebe and Hisashi Suzuki claimed that the origin of Japanese people was not the newcomers in the Yayoi period (300 BCE – 300 CE) but the people in the Jōmon period. However, Kazuro Hanihara announced a new racial admixture theory in 1984. Hanihara also announced the theory "dual structure model" in English in 1991. According to Hanihara, modern Japanese lineages began with Jōmon people, who moved into the Japanese archipelago during Paleolithic. Hanihara believed that there was a second wave of immigrants, from northeast Asia to Japan from the Yayoi period. Following a population expansion in Neolithic times, these newcomers then found their way to the Japanese archipelago sometime during the Yayoi period. As a result, miscegenation was common in the island regions of Kyūshū, Shikoku, and Honshū, but did not prevail in the outlying islands of Okinawa and Hokkaidō, and the Ryukyuan and Ainu people continued to dominate there. Mark J. Hudson claimed that the main ethnic image of Japanese people was biologically and linguistically formed from 400 BCE to 1,200 CE. Currently, the most well-regarded theory is that present-day Japanese are descendants of both the indigenous Jōmon people and the immigrant Yayoi people.
On the other hand, a study published in October 2009 by the National Museum of Nature and Science "et al." concluded that the Minatogawa Man, who was found in Okinawa and was regarded as evidence that the Jōmon people were not a homogenous group and that these southern Jōmon came to Japan via a southern route and had a slender and more neo-Mongoloid face unlike the northern Jōmon. Hiroto Takamiya of the Sapporo University suggested that the people of Kyushu immigrated to Okinawa between the 10th and 12th centuries CE.
A 2011 study by Sean Lee and Toshikazu Hasegawa reported that a common origin of Japonic languages had originated around 2,182 years before present.
A study conducted in 2017 by Ulsan University in Korea presented evidence that the genetic origin of Koreans is closer to that of Southeast Asians (Vietnamese people). This was additionally supported by Japanese research conducted in 1999 that supported the theory that the origin of the Yayoi people was in southern China near the Yangtze river.
The origins of the Jōmon and Yayoi people have often been a subject of dispute, and a recent Japanese publisher has divided the potential routes of the people living on the Japanese archipelago as follows:
However, a clear consensus has not been reached.
Recent full genome analyses in 2020 by Boer et al. 2020 and Yang et al. 2020, reveals some further information regarding the origin of the Jōmon peoples. They were found to have largely formed from a Paleolithic Siberian population and an East Asian related population.
A genome study (Takahashi et al. 2019) shows that modern Japanese (Yamato) do not have much Jōmon ancestry at all. Nuclear genome analysis of Jōmon samples and modern Japanese samples show strong differences.
A study, published in the Cambridge University Press in 2020, suggests that the Jōmon people were rather heterogeneous, and that there was also a pre-Yayoi migration during the Jōmon period, which may be linked to the arrival of the Japonic languages, meaning that Japonic is one of the Jōmon languages. This migration is suggested to have happened before 6000BC, thus before the actual Yayoi migration.
The most popular theory is that the Yayoi people were the people who brought wet rice cultivation to Japan from the Korean peninsula and Jiangnan near the Yangtze River Delta in ancient China. According to several Japanese historians, the Yayoi and their ancestors, the Wajin, originated in the today Yunnan province in southern China. Suwa Haruo considered Wa-zoku (Wajin) to be part of the Baiyue (百越).
Genetics.
Tripartite structure.
In 2021, new research from a study published in the journal Science Advances found that the people of Japan bore genetic signatures from three ancient populations rather than just two as previously thought.
The first was Japan's indigenous culture of hunter-gatherers called the Jomon, dating to roughly 15,000 years ago. The second was a population of Northeast Asian origins called the Yayoi, who arrived at about 900 BC, bringing wet-rice farming to Japan. According to the researchers, Japanese people has approximately 13% and 16% genetic ancestry from these two groups respectively.
The remaining 71% of genetic ancestry was found to come from migrants that arrived around 300 AD during the Kofun period, and had genetic makeup mainly resembling the Han Chinese population of China. This migrant group was said to have brought cultural advances and centralised leadership to Japan. According to Shigeki Nakagome, co-leader of the study, "Chinese characters started to be used in this period, such as Chinese characters inscribed on metal implements, for example swords."
Anthropometry.
Stephen Pheasant (1986), who taught anatomy, biomechanics and ergonomics at the Royal Free Hospital and the University College, London, said that Far Eastern people have proportionately shorter lower limbs than European and black African people. Pheasant said that the proportionately short lower limbs of Far Eastern people is a difference that is most characterized in Japanese people, less characterized in Korean and Chinese people, and least characterized in Vietnamese and Thai people.
Rajvir Yadav et al. (2000) stated the sitting height to stature ratios of different populations: South Indian (0.4922), female Indian (0.4974), Eastern Indian (0.4991), Southeastern African (0.5096), Central Indian (0.5173), US (0.5202), Western Indian (0.5243), German (0.5266) and Japanese (0.5452).
Hirofumi Matsumura et al. (2001) and Hideo Matsumoto et al. (2009) said that the Japanese and Vietnamese people are regarded to be a mix of Northeast Asians and Southeast Asians who are related to today Austronesian peoples. However, the amount of northern genetics is higher in Japanese people compared to Vietnamese, who are closer to other Southeast Asians (Thai or Bamar people).
Neville Moray (2005) said that, for Korean and Japanese pilots, sitting height is more than 54% of their stature, with about 46% of their stature from leg length. Moray said that, for Americans and most Europeans, sitting height is about 52% of their stature, with about 48% of their stature from leg length. Moray indicated that modifications in basic cockpit geometry are required to accommodate Japanese and Vietnamese pilots. Moray said that the Japanese have longer torsos and a higher shoulder point than the Vietnamese, but the Japanese have about similar arm lengths to the Vietnamese, so the control stick would have to be moved 8 cm closer to the pilot for the Japanese and 7 cm closer to the pilot for the Vietnamese. Moray said that, due to having shorter legs than Americans, rudder pedals must be moved closer to the pilot by 10 cm for the Japanese and 12 cm for the Vietnamese.
Onuoha, Idike &amp; Oduma (2012) stated the sitting height to stature ratios for the following ethnic populations: Southeastern Nigeria (0.5122), Indian (0.5254), German (0.5266), British (0.5287), Chinese (0.5310) and Japanese (0.5452).
Craniometry.
Ashley Montagu (1989) said that the "Mongoloid skull generally, whether Chinese or Japanese, has been rather more neotenized than the Caucasoid or European..."
Ann Kumar (1998) said that Michael Pietrusewsky (1992) said that, in a craniometric study, Borneo, Vietnam, Sulu, Java, and Sulawesi are closer to Japan, in that order, than Mongolian and Chinese populations are close to Japan. In the craniometric study, Michael Pietrusewsky (1992) said that, even though Japanese people cluster with Mongolians, Chinese and Southeast Asians in a larger Asian cluster, Japanese people are more closely aligned with several mainland and island Southeast Asian samples than with Mongolians and Chinese.
In a craniometric study, Pietrusewsky (1994) found that the Japanese series, which was a series that spanned from the Yayoi period to modern times, formed a single branch with Korea. Later, Pietrusewsky (1999) found, however, that Korean and Yayoi people were very highly separated in the East Asian cluster, indicating that the connection that Japanese have with Korea would not have derived from Yayoi people.
Park Dae-kyoon et al. (2001) said that distance analysis based on thirty-nine non-metric cranial traits showed that Koreans are closer craniometrically to Kazakhs and Mongols than to the populations in China and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56826103" url="?curid=56826103" title="Irons Run">
Irons Run

Irons Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Irons Run was named in honor of a local family.

</doc>
<doc id="56826120" url="?curid=56826120" title="Muddy Creek (Little Miami River tributary)">
Muddy Creek (Little Miami River tributary)

Muddy Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to the Little Miami River.
Muddy Creek was so named on account of the muddy character of its water.

</doc>
<doc id="56826138" url="?curid=56826138" title="Ama Lai Shraddhanjali (Nepali Music Album)">
Ama Lai Shraddhanjali (Nepali Music Album)


</doc>
<doc id="56826150" url="?curid=56826150" title="Cook and Gondu Rivers languages">
Cook and Gondu Rivers languages


</doc>
<doc id="56826152" url="?curid=56826152" title="Donnybrook Football Club">
Donnybrook Football Club

The Donnybrook Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the South West Football League in the South West corner of Western Australia.
It is based in the Western Australian town of Donnybrook.
History.
The Donnybrook Football Club origins date back to 1897 when the first association was formed in the Bunbury Area. Donnybrook was a founding club. Interest in the association soon fizzled as Donnybrook and the association wound up.
Donnybrook had another go with the Bunbury FA in 1914 only to be stopped by The Great War, then again in the 1920s.
When Donnybrook wasn't involved with Bunbury Association it would be in a local competition The local association always had two Donnybrook-based teams. They would play against local clubs; Argyle, Balingup, Boyanup, Capel, Dardanup, East Kirup, Kirup, Lowden, Nannup, Noggerup, and other small localities over the early years.
The idea of creating larger league was discussed early in 1951. The idea that three clubs from the Collie Football Association and the three clubs from the Bunbury Football association would invigorate public interest in the South West region on the state. Talks continued into 1952 and it was finally agree to trial a competition with all the two associations clubs for a two-year period. The associations administrations would remain separate. Sensing opportunity, Donnybrook left their local competition to become the seventh club.
In 1953 the Bunbury-Collie League was founded with seven teams. South Bunbury, Bunbury Railways, Bunbury Pastimes, Mines Rovers, Collie Railways, Centrals and Donnybrook. The public response was evident, interest was up, attendances to games were up and the general standard of play was an obvious improvement.

</doc>
<doc id="56826154" url="?curid=56826154" title="Sugar Run (Todd Fork tributary)">
Sugar Run (Todd Fork tributary)

Sugar Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is a tributary to Todd Fork.
Sugar Run most likely was named for the sugar maple timber along its course. A variant name was "Sugar Creek".

</doc>
<doc id="56826161" url="?curid=56826161" title="Blue No.6">
Blue No.6


</doc>
<doc id="56826162" url="?curid=56826162" title="Waratah train">
Waratah train


</doc>
<doc id="56826164" url="?curid=56826164" title="AO6">
AO6


</doc>
<doc id="56826167" url="?curid=56826167" title="Harbor Defenses of Bermuda">
Harbor Defenses of Bermuda


</doc>
<doc id="56826169" url="?curid=56826169" title="Grog Run (Ohio)">
Grog Run (Ohio)

Grog Run is a stream in the U.S. state of Ohio.
According to the Warren County Genealogical Society, the origin of the name "Grog Run" is unknown.
Locally, the name derives from the stream that runs parallel with the road. Grog Run Creek, as it is locally known, lets out into the Little Miami River right outside of Loveland, Ohio. According to a number of residents, there have been many Native American arrowheads and other artifacts found near the creek and the surrounding banks.

</doc>
<doc id="56826174" url="?curid=56826174" title="Genetic studies on Japanese people">
Genetic studies on Japanese people


</doc>
<doc id="56826204" url="?curid=56826204" title="Gold Mountain (Toponym)">
Gold Mountain (Toponym)


</doc>
<doc id="56826217" url="?curid=56826217" title="Origin of public radio broadcasting">
Origin of public radio broadcasting


</doc>
<doc id="56826230" url="?curid=56826230" title="Baldwin Girls High School">
Baldwin Girls High School


</doc>
<doc id="56826235" url="?curid=56826235" title="EVA (Metal Gear)">
EVA (Metal Gear)


</doc>
<doc id="56826246" url="?curid=56826246" title="Otsup">
Otsup

Otsup is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56826252" url="?curid=56826252" title="Kömlő">
Kömlő

Kömlő is a village in Heves County, Northern Hungary Region, Hungary.
History.
From 1600 to 1770 the place was uninhabited.

</doc>
<doc id="56826255" url="?curid=56826255" title="Sky Full of Song">
Sky Full of Song

"Sky Full of Song" is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their fourth studio album, "High as Hope" (2018). It was written and produced by Florence Welch, Emile Haynie and Thomas Bartlett. The song was released on 12 April 2018 as a 7-inch single for Record Store Day.
Background.
Sky Full of Song was inspired by Welch performing on stage. She opened up that she feels an otherworldly sense of being. However, at the same time she feels a sense of loneliness once she starts performing on stage. At times she doesn't know how to enjoy herself and so lets the song take over her being. According to the rollingstone magazine Welch made a statement, that “Sky Full of Song” came to her “fully formed.” She said, “Sometimes when you are performing you get so high, it’s hard to know how to come down. [...] There is this feeling of being cracked open, rushing endlessly outwards and upwards, and wanting somebody to hold you still, bring you back to yourself. It’s an incredible, celestial, but somehow lonely feeling.” 
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "High as Hope".
Recording and management
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="56826262" url="?curid=56826262" title="Blackhawk, Ohio">
Blackhawk, Ohio

Blackhawk is an unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Ohio. A variant spelling is "Black Hawk".
History.
Black Hawk was platted in 1838. The community has the name of Black Hawk, an Indian chieftain.

</doc>
<doc id="56826265" url="?curid=56826265" title="Black Hawk, Ohio">
Black Hawk, Ohio


</doc>
<doc id="56826271" url="?curid=56826271" title="The Road to Webequie">
The Road to Webequie

The Road to Webequie is a Canadian short documentary film, directed by Tess Girard and Ryan Noth and released in 2016. The film profiles the Webequie First Nation, a remote Nishnawbe Aski community in Northern Ontario, and the potential impacts both positive and negative of the Ontario provincial government's plan to build the community's first all-weather road access as part of the Northern Ontario Ring of Fire mining development.
The film had its world premiere at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. It was a shortlisted Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Short Documentary Film at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56826273" url="?curid=56826273" title="Kyeema Conservation Park">
Kyeema Conservation Park

 
Kyeema Conservation Park (formerly the Kyeema National Park) is a protected area located in the Australian state of South Australia in the locality of Kyeema about south of the state capital of Adelaide and about east of the town of Willunga.
The conservation park consists of land in sections 92, 302, 522, 682, 683, 688 and 850 of the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Kuitpo, and which is an area bounded in the south by a sealed road, Woodgate Hill Road, by the locality's boundary with the locality of Kuitpo in the west and in part to the north, and in the east by an unsealed track, Blackfellows Creek Road. The Heysen Trail, the long distance walking trail, passes through the middle of the conservation park entering from the south via Woodgate Hill Road.
Its protected area status began on 12 November 1964 as a "wildlife reserve" proclaimed under the "National Park and Wild Life Reserves Act 1891-1960" in respect to sections 92, 522, 688, and 850. On 3 August 1967, section 302 and all of the land in the wildlife reserve were proclaimed under the "National Parks Act 1966" as the "Kyeema National Park". On 27 April 1972, it was reconstituted as the "Kyeema Conservation Park" upon the proclamation of the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972". On 4 April 1974, Sections 682 and 683 were added to the conservation park. As of 2016, it covered an area of .
Prior uses of the land included use of section 522 both as a "labour prison reserve" and a camping ground. The labour prison reserve which was known initially as the "Kyeema Afforestation Camp" and then as the Kyeema Prison Camp was gazetted on 27 October 1932 and operated until 1959 when it was replaced by the Cadell Training Centre. The camping ground was operated by the National Fitness Council of South Australia from 1 September 1962 to 31 July 1964.
In 1980, the conservation park's listing on the now-defunct Register of the National Estate argued it to be significant for the following reasons:A Park containing areas of very dense natural vegetation providing an excellent refuge for substantial populations of native fauna. Notable mammals include "Isoodon obesulus" (endangered in South Australia) and "Rattus leutreolus" (northern limit of South Australian range). Notable birds include the threatened scaly thrush and the uncommon beautiful firetail. Many uncommon plants are found within the Park, including the endangered "Lomandra multiflora".
In 1980, the vegetation of conservation park was described as follows:A dissected plateau which supports "Eucalyptus obliqua" | "E. baxteri" open forest, frequently associated with "E. cosmophylla" | "E. fascilulosa". Areas of extremely thick vegetation occur along some drainage lines and in areas of "E cosmophylla" | "E fasciculosa" scrub open areas, some of which are still being grazed, provide valuable feeding habitat for "Macropus fuliginosus". The Park supports good populations of the typical Mount Lofty faunal assemblages.
In February 1983, it was damaged by the Ash Wednesday bushfires and became the focus of “a revegetation project involving local school students.” In the first three years after commencement, “approximately 20,000 seedlings were planted” in an area now officially known as "The Childrens Forest". The replanting project continues under the control of a volunteer group known as "The Friends of Kyeema Conservation Park" which was formed in 1985 and which celebrated thirty years of operation in 2015.
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category III protected area.

</doc>
<doc id="56826282" url="?curid=56826282" title="IClassical Academy">
IClassical Academy

iClassical Academy is a limited company organized according to Swiss law, it is domiciled in Crans-Montana.
The company is committed to producing educational online video for musicians, in particular master classes and courses.
The goal is to encourage and enable a generation of young and talented musicians, as well as professionals, teachers and amateurs to enhance their skills and become artists who share their music with audiences all over the world. Moreover, it strives to connect them with some of the world's most accomplished teachers.
For the time being, the focus is on master classes and courses for piano, violin, cello, conducting, music &amp; career, guitar and trumpet. It also offers music teachers the possibility to create and publish their own courses under the label musiMentors.
The website and its content are provided in english.
Mission.
The mission of iClassical Academy is to provide young musicians from around the world with the opportunity of improving their skills and being appreciated by wider audiences. Advanced students often find themselves excluded from masterclasses because of lack of funds. Additionally, many music schools in emerging countries are unable to afford the cost of employing the best quality teachers. The credo is: "We believe that anyone at any time should have access to very good music teachers".
Business model.
iClassical Academy works as a club. Memberships is free for access to previews and special contents. Access to all masterclasses, courses and collections requires a fee.
Since October 2020, iClassical Academy has introduced "360° view learning", a complete set of courses and master classes, including music &amp; career and other business-related skills necessary to complete musicians' curriculum.
Method.
So far, tradition has almost always been to show online the filming of a masterclass for students in the classroom or on the stage. iClassical Academy departs from this in order to have the masterclasses divided into tutorials as well as a separate performance of the student. Their focus is on the teaching part instead of showing a masterclass in its integrality. The motivation is that online teaching according to iClassical Academy should have a different scope that is more focused on the viewer at home. The academy has also introduced the slow motion tool for its videos. It plans to introduce the multicamera tool. They allow the student to see the hands' positions on the instrument from different angles.
Founders.
Edgar Cohen, a native of France is a Medical Doctor, an entrepreneur and passionate about classical music and art. In 2011, he came up with the idea of creating a website to make classical music masterclasses available all over the world, by collaborating with well known professors and artists. He currently lives in Tel Aviv, where he has founded two medical centres.
Pierre Perrenoud, a native of Western Switzerland, spent most of his life in Zurich and travelling all over the world for professional reasons (reinsurance) and to satisfy his cultural interests. Since his retirement, he has been involved with many cultural projects in Crans-Montana, with a bias for classical music. He is the co-founder of iClassical Academy Ltd and its president.
Professors.
Many musicians joined iClassical Academy, including: Peter Frankl, Ricardo Castro, Virginie Robilliard, Rudolf Koelman, Gülsin Onay, Hagai Shaham, Dmitry Yablonsky, Amit Peled, Klaidi Sahatci, Sergey Ostrovsky, Vera Tsu, Evangeline Benedetti, Uri Vardi, Gyorgy Pauk, Denis Zhdanov, Jana Gandelman, Maria Tchaikovskaya, Maurizio Baglini, Zvi Plesser, Peter Szabo, Sander Sittig, Oxana Yablonskaya, Silvia Chiesa e Marco Pierobon.
Environmental, Social and Governance.
iClassical Academy operates according to the ESG principles; it has since its foundation been a green company.
Environment
Social
Governance

</doc>
<doc id="56826283" url="?curid=56826283" title="Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution">
Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution


</doc>
</root>