<root><doc id="56834836" url="?curid=56834836" title="Susan Lawrence Dana">
Susan Lawrence Dana

Susan Lawrence Dana (October 13, 1862 - February 21, 1942) was an American philanthropist and heiress to a substantial fortune, including silver mines in the Rocky Mountains. After her father died, Lawrence Dana took over his western mines and properties throughout central Illinois. She was also a leading philanthropic figure in Illinois - she held fundraisers or parties for Springfield charities, including the King’s Daughters Home for Aged Women, the Home for the Friendless and several others. She also commissioned Frank Lloyd Wright to create a library for the Lawrence Education Center, named after her father.
In the 1920s, Lawrence Dana was heavily involved with the National Woman’s Party (NWP) and its efforts to gain equal rights for women. The NWP appointed Dana as the legislative chairwoman for the Illinois branch in 1923. In this role, she organized meetings and communications, and lobbied the legislature. She was in regular correspondence with Alice Paul and Burnita Shelton Matthews regarding these efforts. Lawrence Dana also arranged for Anita Pollitzer, National Secretary of the NWP, to give a speech at her house in the 1923. She also hosted a number of other events that focused on social justice. Lawrence Dana was appointed by Illinois Governor Edward F. Dunne as the only woman member of the Commission Half-Century Anniversary of Negro Freedom in 1913. She also served as a members of the Executive Committee of the Sangomon County Republican women's organization. After experiencing the death of family members and two husbands, Lawrence Dana began a spiritual journey, which led to her efforts in the creation of Springfield’s Unity Church of Practical Christianity.
Dana Thomas House.
Susan Lawrence Dana is notable as one of the few women to engage with Frank Lloyd Wright as an architect at this point in his career. However, Lawrence Dana’s bold design sensibilities, paired with a staid commitment to advancing social justice for women and within the African American community through political involvement, thus mark her as a truly unique and progressive patron of architecture at the turn of the century. The project grew and became a blonde Roman brick mansion with 35 rooms on 16 different levels. An anomaly in Springfield, the Dana Thomas House is a masterpiece that still stands today as one of Wright's finest Prairie designs. 
Lawrence Dana paid $45,000 for the construction and an additional $15,000 for the Wright-designed furnishings. She lived the home from 1904 until about 1928. In her later years, Lawrence Dana became less socially active and engaged in her philanthropic work. Suffering from increasing financial constraints, she closed the main house around 1928 and moved to a small cottage on the grounds. As Lawrence Dana struggled with age-related dementia in the 1940s, her home and its contents were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="56834837" url="?curid=56834837" title="Scone Aerodrome (disambiguation)">
Scone Aerodrome (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56834838" url="?curid=56834838" title="Pahari language group">
Pahari language group


</doc>
<doc id="56834839" url="?curid=56834839" title="Callio Pyhäsalmi">
Callio Pyhäsalmi


</doc>
<doc id="56834840" url="?curid=56834840" title="LG G Pro II">
LG G Pro II


</doc>
<doc id="56834843" url="?curid=56834843" title="LG Optimus G Pro II">
LG Optimus G Pro II


</doc>
<doc id="56834848" url="?curid=56834848" title="500 Crore Club">
500 Crore Club


</doc>
<doc id="56834850" url="?curid=56834850" title="LG Optimus G Pro 1">
LG Optimus G Pro 1


</doc>
<doc id="56834854" url="?curid=56834854" title="LG Optimus G Pro I">
LG Optimus G Pro I


</doc>
<doc id="56834861" url="?curid=56834861" title="LG Optimus Vu I">
LG Optimus Vu I


</doc>
<doc id="56834863" url="?curid=56834863" title="Pahaari">
Pahaari


</doc>
<doc id="56834865" url="?curid=56834865" title="Deontay Wilder vs. Luis Ortiz">
Deontay Wilder vs. Luis Ortiz

Deontay Wilder vs. Luis Ortiz was a professional boxing fight which took place on March 3, 2018 at the Barclays Center in New York City. Defending WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder defeated challenger Luis Ortiz by technical knockout in the tenth round.
Background.
Wilder had first become WBC heavyweight champion in January 2015, after he defeated Bermane Stiverne via 12 round unanimous decision at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Stiverne had been making the first defence of the crown he had claimed after he beat Chris Arreola for the title that had been vacated by the retiring Vitali Klitschko. Wilder then saw off a host of challengers that included Eric Molina, Johann Duhaupas and Artur Szpilka before he was due to make a mandatory defence of his title against Alexander Povetkin in May 2016. However less than two weeks before the fight was due to take place Povetkin failed a drug test which meant the contest was called off altogether. Two months later Wilder fought replacement opponent Arreola and retired him in his corner after 8 rounds. A hand injury then kept Wilder out until February 2017 when he fought fellow undefeated American Gerald Washington, knocking him out in the 5th round.
Meanwhile, the relatively unknown but well schooled and dangerous Ortiz had so far been unable to secure a title shot despite his high rankings. His 'high risk, low reward' factor meant that he was largely avoided by the divisions top fighters, but he had previously knocked out contenders Bryant Jennings and Tony Thompson before a short term deal in November 2016 saw him fight twice in two months and in Europe for the first time, first facing Malik Scott in Monaco. Scott was extremely negative and reluctant to engage throughout the contest and Ortiz was forced to go the full distance for the first time in his career, winning every round of a 12 round unanimous decision. He then faced the highly durable Dave Allen in Manchester and stopped him on his feet after 7 one sided rounds.
In July 2017, it was reported that a deal was being worked out which would see Wilder defend his title against Ortiz on 4 November. Wilder's mandatory challenger Stiverne had accepted step aside money and agreed to face Dominic Breazeale on the undercard. On 29 September, Ortiz failed a drug test after he tested positive for the banned diuretics chlorothiazide and hydrochlorothiazide, which Ortiz claimed was because he was on medication to treat high blood pressure. The arranged fight was cancelled and Wilder faced Stiverne in a rematch instead, knocking him down three times on the way to delivering a sensational 1st round knockout. This meant Wilder had now stopped every opponent he had faced, the first fight with Stiverne being the only time he had been taken the distance in his career to date.
On December 8, 2017, Wilder was ringside when Ortiz made his return to action and knocked out Daniel Martz in the 2nd round. After the fight, Ortiz called out Wilder in his post fight interview before Wilder joined him in the ring to reply, "I'm going to give you another chance, I want to fight the best and I think you're one of the best, so I guarantee you you'll have the fight." Fresh negotiations for the fight to be rescheduled then began and by January 12, 2018 terms had been agreed for the fight to take place on March 3 at the Barclays Center in New York. The contest would be 32 year old Wilder's seventh defence of his crown and the 38 year old Ortiz's first shot at a world title. Both fighters went into the fight unbeaten as professionals and both were also widely regarded to be the toughest opponent of each fighter's career thus far. Wilder was to earn a career-high $2.1 million for the fight and Ortiz would receive a $500,000 purse.
The fight.
The fight had a fairly cagey start as both men tried to work behind their jab with the more active and aggressive Ortiz getting the better of the first 4 rounds. The fight took a twist at the end of the 5th round as Wilder landed a powerful right hand on Ortiz' forehead that made the challenger stumble before Wilder caught him with a second right hand to the temple that sent Ortiz backwards into the ropes and on to the floor. Ortiz got to his feet and beat the count only for the bell to ring before any more punches could be thrown. Wilder began to find the target more in the 6th and he caught Ortiz with a right hand in the 7th but was clipped himself by counter right hook from Ortiz that stunned Wilder as Ortiz followed it up with a hard left hook, then began to unload and land hard shots to both head and body including a couple of big straight left hands that left the champion shaken and hanging on before the bell sounded to signal the end of the round. 
At the start of the 8th round Wilder's corner signalled to the referee to call time out to inspect Wilder's face giving him around an extra 20 seconds of recovery time despite there being no obvious cut or injury. Ortiz then tried to press home his advantage stalking Wilder as the champion looked for counters whilst regaining his composure. In the 9th Wilder made better use of his range and jab and towards the end of the round pushed Ortiz back with right hand before rushing in and nearly getting caught by a counter left hand by Ortiz which in turn blocked another right hand from Wilder. The entertaining contest took another turn mid way through the 10th round as both men exchanged blows with left hand by Ortiz and a right hook from Wilder that forced both men to grab each other with Ortiz being thrown to the ground by Wilder. The referee signalled no knockdown before Wilder unleashed a barrage of punches in a slightly wild and unorthodox yet ruthless and clinical fashion, Ortiz stood his ground until a heavy right hand pierced his guard and wobbled him before a second sent him down to the canvas on his knees. Ortiz managed to regain his feet for a second time but in the following exchange was immediately caught by another hard right hand from Wilder that staggered him, before the champion again unloaded another flurry of punches with a right uppercut finally putting Ortiz down for the third and final time in the fight as the referee stepped in to wave the contest off.
Aftermath.
It was revealed that all three official ringside judges had Wilder ahead 85–84 at the time of the stoppage, whilst both Showtime and CBS Sports had it 86–83 in favour of Ortiz. Wilder gave his thoughts on the contest saying, "A true champion always finds a way to come back, and that's what I did tonight. Luis Ortiz is definitely a crafty guy. He put up a great fight. We knew we had to wear him down. I showed everyone I can take a punch. When Ortiz leaves tonight, he can hold his head high. He gave the fans a hell of a fight." Wilder also added, "He was hitting me with those furious punches, throwing combos that knocked me off balance. I just had to get my range back and my fundamentals back and I was able to do that. I showed I was a true champion tonight. Ortiz was one of those fighters that everyone ducked, even champions ducked him," Wilder said. "I wondered why it took so long for him to get a title shot and now we know."
Speaking through a translator Ortiz also gave a post fight interview saying, "I almost had him, and I think I would've if there were a few more seconds in the round, Wilder was definitely saved by the bell. I thought I had him out on his feet. But you have to give him credit, he weathered the storm." He also added, "I feel fine, I did receive a right hand, but I'm OK. I was listening to the directions that my corner was giving me. In this sport, any punch can end a fight, in the ring anything can happen. I thought I was going to get a rhythm earlier but I thought I was winning the fight. This is heavyweight boxing and he caught me with a great shot. It was a great fight and he's a great champion." When questioned about facing the winner of the upcoming unification clash between Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker, Wilder reiterated his desire for a unification fight of his own when he added, "I'm ready right now. I always said that I want to unify, I'm ready whenever those guys are. I solidified my position at the top of the food chain tonight."
Broadcasting.
The fight was aired live on Showtime in the United States, live on Sky Sports in the United Kingdom; live on tvOne and iflix in Indonesia; live on beIN Sports in France and Asia-Pacific; and live on Fox Sports in Australia. The fight averaged 1.1 million viewers and peaked at 1.2 million on Showtime. The last time Showtime had done over 1 million viewers was in 2015 when Wilder had first defeated Stiverne for the WBC title.

</doc>
<doc id="56834866" url="?curid=56834866" title="LG Optimus Vu 1">
LG Optimus Vu 1


</doc>
<doc id="56834872" url="?curid=56834872" title="Phoenicoprocta parthenii">
Phoenicoprocta parthenii


</doc>
<doc id="56834874" url="?curid=56834874" title="Danger in the Dark">
Danger in the Dark

Danger in the Dark is an American mystery novel by Mignon G. Eberhart. It was published by Random House in 1937. Collins Crime Club released the book in the US with the new title "Hand in Glove". A mass market paperback edition was released by MacFaden in December, 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="56834879" url="?curid=56834879" title="Pahaadi">
Pahaadi


</doc>
<doc id="56834880" url="?curid=56834880" title="BIG IDEA">
BIG IDEA


</doc>
<doc id="56834883" url="?curid=56834883" title="The King of Blaze (disambiguation)">
The King of Blaze (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56834890" url="?curid=56834890" title="Matthew Farr">
Matthew Farr


</doc>
<doc id="56834891" url="?curid=56834891" title="Matthew Burrow Farr">
Matthew Burrow Farr

Matthew Burrow Farr (1862 – 31 December 1941) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician.
Farr worked in the cotton industry in Mossley, and he became the secretary of the Mossley Card and Blowing Room Operatives' Association at an early age. He was a supporter of the Colne Valley Labour Union, and then became one of the first members of the Independent Labour Party (ILP). He and stood for the district council in the Yorkshire ward in 1893, and again in 1895, when he became the first independent labour councillor in the town. He became an alderman in 1899, and then in 1914 was elected as Mayor of Mossley. By this time, he was a member of the executive of the Amalgamated Association of Card and Blowing Room Operatives (Cardroom Amalgamation), to which his Mossley union was affiliated. He also became increasingly prominent in the Labour Party, to which the ILP was affiliated, and in 1921 was elected to its National Executive Committee, serving for two years.
The Cardroom Amalgamation was a member of the United Textile Factory Workers' Association, and this organisation was keen to sponsor Labour Parliamentary candidates. In 1919, he was firstly adopted as its Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for Stalybridge and Hyde. Later in the year, he was instead adopted in Oldham, but Farr instead decided to contest Middleton and Prestwich. The party planned to stand him in the 1920 Middleton and Prestwich by-election, but due to a serious outbreak of smallpox in the town, the local party decided it best to leave the seat uncontested.
Farr first stood in Middleton and Prestwich at the 1922 United Kingdom general election, taking 41.5% of the vote. When he was again a candidate in the 1923 United Kingdom general election, the "Manchester Guardian" described him as "... a well-known and popular leader of the cotton operatives, [who] will undoubtedly secure a heavy following" in the Chadderton and Middleton areas of the seat. Despite this, he took third place, and despite moving back into second, he again failed to win in 1924 and 1929.
In 1919, Farr was elected to Lancashire County Council, and in 1929 became an alderman on that body. He finally stood in Oldham at the 1935 United Kingdom general election, taking fourth place in the two-seat constituency. He remained in his trade union and council posts until his death, late in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="56834893" url="?curid=56834893" title="Spanish Fort, New Orleans">
Spanish Fort, New Orleans


</doc>
<doc id="56834897" url="?curid=56834897" title="Ek Do Theen (song)">
Ek Do Theen (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56834900" url="?curid=56834900" title="Dean Trantalis">
Dean Trantalis

Dean J. Trantalis (born October 14, 1953) is an American politician and mayor of Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Before his election as mayor, Trantalis served as a city commissioner for Fort Lauderdale from 2009 to 2017.
Biography.
Trantalis was born and raised in Norwich, Connecticut, from Greek parents. He attended high school at Norwich Free Academy. At Boston University, he majored in political science and graduated cum laude and with distinction in 1975. He received a Juris Doctorate (JD) in 1979 from Stetson University College of Law, while completing international law courses in Eastern Europe, Russia, and London.
Dean was admitted to the Connecticut and Florida Bar Associations in 1980 and has practiced law in Broward County since 1982.
Political career.
Fort Lauderdale City Commissioner (2003–2006).
Trantalis was elected to the Fort Lauderdale City Commission in 2003, and served until 2006. He was the city's first openly gay commissioner.
Fort Lauderdale City Commission (2013–2018).
Trantalis was elected to the Fort Lauderdale City Commission in a 2013 special election, defeating then-incumbent Charlotte Rodstrom, who instead ran for County Commission. He won the 2015 general election without much opposition.
Law against feeding homeless.
The City of Fort Lauderdale made international news when the commission voted to outlaw feeding the homeless. Trantalis voted against the ordinance, causing a major rift between himself and the commission. There was international outrage when a 93-year-old man, Arnold Abbot, was arrested for feeding the homeless. The City passed another feeding ban in 2017, despite public outcry. In 2016, the U.S. Department of Justice announced that it would probe Broward County and the City of Fort Lauderdale, in response to the homeless sharing ordinances. Trantalis has vowed that as Mayor, he would not enforce the ordinance.
Development.
Trantalis has been an early opponent of overdevelopment in the coastal city. On the commission, he voted against many of the development proposals. In 2017, he voted against the controversial Bahia Mar development proposal.
Fort Lauderdale Mayor (2018-present).
Mayoral election, 2018.
The 2018 race for mayor of Fort Lauderdale was said to be the city's most heated election. Trantalis announced his intent to run for mayor late in October 2017. The election became about pressing issues such as development, infrastructure, traffic, and special interests. "Our infrastructure needs have reached a crisis level, and now we are discovering that mismanagement of city funds only made the situation worse", said Trantalis in a Sun Sentinel questionnaire. On January 12, 2018, Trantalis campaign staffer Elijah Manley was arrested by the Fort Lauderdale Police Department. Manley was accused of tampering with campaign signs. On "This Week in South Florida," Trantalis defended Manley, saying that it could have been because of a mistaken identity. Manley accused the Fort Lauderdale Police Department of a "politically motivated" arrest and bias for their former boss, Bruce Roberts, who was running against Trantalis. Trantalis and Roberts exceed to a March 2018 runoff. Trantalis handily defeated Bruce Roberts, with a 64% landslide in the March 13, 2018, General Election runoff. Trantalis is the first openly gay person to be elected Mayor of Fort Lauderdale.
Water and sewer infrastructure Crises.
Trantalis' first term as Mayor has been marred by a growing infrastructure crisis in the City of Fort Lauderdale. The crisis has been partially blamed on the City's practice of diverting money from the water and sewer infrastructure fund to other projects. Since 2012, the City siphoned off at least $106 million from the fund. In 2019, Trantalis falsely claimed to have ended the process later clarifying that "We are weaning ourselves out of it." The process was later rejected by state officials with Florida Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Valenstein stating, "Our message is simple: Engaging in the practice of diverting utility funds and sending that money elsewhere is no way to mitigate, monitor or address the issue of aging infrastructure." Trantalis later responded saying "We will get cited. There's nothing we can do about that." Trantalis has also been criticized for his lone vote against a $200 million sewer repair bond claiming he did not understand the "full scope" of the project and doubted the need to borrow such a large sum despite the City's Comprehensive Utilities Strategic Master Plan outlining the need for over $1.4 billion in repairs. In 2020, the sewage crisis ballooned into an environmental disaster after over 211,000,000 gallons of sewage spilled into the City's waterways. The State of Florida Department of Environmental Protection has fined the City over $2.1 million—the largest in State history—as a result of the City's poor handling of the crises.
Personal life.
Trantalis resides in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He graduated with a law degree from Stetson University in St. Petersburg, Florida. He practices real estate law, and has his own private practice firm in real estate law.

</doc>
<doc id="56834903" url="?curid=56834903" title="Etta Jones Sings Lady Day">
Etta Jones Sings Lady Day

 Etta Jones Sings Lady Day is the final studio album by vocalist Etta Jones, featuring songs associated with Billie Holiday, which was recorded in 2001 and released on the HighNote label.
Reception.
In his review on Allmusic, Scott Yanow states "Etta Jones' last 20 years found her recording one consistently soulful jazz album after another, usually with the close partnership of tenor-saxophonist Houston Person. For what would be her final recording, she pays tribute to Billie Holiday with renditions of nine standards. ... The singer passed away on the day that "Sings Lady Day" was officially released and she sounds in surprisingly good form throughout this set, finishing off her career on top".

</doc>
<doc id="56834908" url="?curid=56834908" title="Kyle Biggar">
Kyle Biggar

Kyle K. Biggar, Ph.D (born 1986) is a Canadian biochemist and molecular biologist. He has been a professor of biochemistry, chemistry, and biology at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada since 2017. Biggar was the 2016 recipient of the John Charles Polanyi Prize for his outstanding work in early career research.
Biography.
Kyle Kevin Biggar was born in 1986 in Summerside, Prince Edward Island. Biggar studied Biology and Chemistry at St. Francis Xavier University (B.Sc) in Antigonish, Nova-Scotia, Canada, and Biology and Biochemistry at Carleton University (Ph.D 2013). His doctoral research focused on the biochemistry of physiological stress response. The well-known Canadian biochemist Kenneth B. Storey was his thesis advisor during his graduate studies at Carleton University. After completing a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Western Ontario Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry, Biggar came back to his alma mater to become an assistant professor of Biochemistry as of 2016.
Research.
Biggar's research includes many different areas from different fields within molecular biology, biochemistry, and physical biochemistry. His main areas of research interest are Oxidative Cell Stress, Functional Proteomics, Bioinformatics, and Molecular Pharmacology. He is particularly known for his research in the new field of Non-histone Lysine Methylation and its relation to both functional proteomics and cell stress.
Professional honours.
Biggar was the 2018 recipient of the John Charles Polanyi Prize for outstanding work in early career research.

</doc>
<doc id="56834914" url="?curid=56834914" title="Zygaena partheni">
Zygaena partheni


</doc>
<doc id="56834915" url="?curid=56834915" title="Mallodeta partheni">
Mallodeta partheni


</doc>
<doc id="56834916" url="?curid=56834916" title="M. B. Farr">
M. B. Farr


</doc>
<doc id="56834917" url="?curid=56834917" title="Synaptic Stabilization">
Synaptic Stabilization


</doc>
<doc id="56834921" url="?curid=56834921" title="Nine News Australia">
Nine News Australia


</doc>
<doc id="56834934" url="?curid=56834934" title="May I Not See Dreams">
May I Not See Dreams


</doc>
<doc id="56834950" url="?curid=56834950" title="Serbia AC">
Serbia AC


</doc>
<doc id="56834954" url="?curid=56834954" title="The Big Guy (Wrestler)">
The Big Guy (Wrestler)


</doc>
<doc id="56834956" url="?curid=56834956" title="Nathan Shepherd (American football)">
Nathan Shepherd (American football)

Nathan Daniel Shepherd (born October 9, 1993) is a Canadian professional American football defensive tackle for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Fort Hays State and Simon Fraser.
Early life.
Shepherd grew up in Ajax, Ontario, where he played youth football with the Ajax/Pickering Dolphins Football Club.
College career.
At Simon Fraser University, Shepherd redshirted his first year and was able to start every game his second year as a defensive end. He left the university after a total of two years, as he was no longer able to pay tuition. After leaving Simon Fraser, Shepherd spent time in various jobs including working in a plant nursery, electrical construction, and a boxing factory. Fort Hays State University later reached out to Shepherd, and Shepherd was able to pay his first semester of tuition before being put on athletic scholarship. After his 2017 season, Shepherd was named the MIAA Defensive Player of the Year. He was also invited to play in the 2018 Senior Bowl.
Professional career.
On November 20, 2017, it was announced that Shepherd had accepted his invitation to play in the 2018 Senior Bowl. He became the first player from Fort Hays State to receive an invitation to the Senior Bowl. Shepherd was productive during Senior Bowl practices and had his draft stock rise significantly after displaying speed, power, and technique while going up against the top offensive linemen in the nation. Shepherd unfortunately suffered a broken hand during Senior Bowl practice and was unable to participate in the official game.
Shepherd attended the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis and completed the majority of combine drills, but opted to skip the bench press due to his fractured hand. His performance continued to raise his draft stock and garnered him attention throughout the draft process. On March 12, 2018, Shepherd held a pro day at Fort Hays State, but opted to stand on his combine numbers and only performed positional drills for the scouts and team representatives from 16 NFL teams that attended. Shepherd attended ten private meetings with team and also performed at private workouts for multiple teams, that included the Dallas Cowboys, Arizona Cardinals, Atlanta Falcons, and Houston Texans. At the conclusion of the pre-draft process, Shepherd was projected to be a second or third round pick by NFL draft experts and scouts. He was ranked as the sixth best defensive tackle prospect in the draft by DraftScout.com and Scouts Inc.
The New York Jets selected Shepherd in the third round (72nd overall) in the 2018 NFL Draft. Shepherd was the sixth defensive tackle drafted in 2018 and became only the third player to be drafted in the history of Fort Hays State. He became the first player to be drafted from Fort Hays State since Frankie Neal was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the third round (71st overall) of the 1987 NFL Draft.
On May 14, 2018, the New York Jets signed Shepherd to a four-year, $3.87 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $987,724.
Shepherd was suspended for six games for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing drugs policy on September 10, 2019. It was revealed that Shepherd underwent a sports hernia surgery in the off-season plus battling a shoulder issue and a herniated disc in his back. Shepherd confessed about using the PEDs in an effort to speed up his recovery, which eventually led to his suspension. He was reinstated from suspension on October 29, 2019, and was activated on November 1, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56834957" url="?curid=56834957" title="David Bowie Is">
David Bowie Is

David Bowie Is was a touring museum exhibit displaying history, artifacts and information about the life, music, films, tours, and art of English singer-songwriter and actor David Bowie.
The show opened in March 2013 at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and ended in July 2018 at the Brooklyn Museum in New York City. Over its 5-year run, it stopped at 12 museums around the world and attracted over 2 million visitors.
At each museum, the exhibit displayed about 500 objects; often a few hundred were unique to that particular museum.
An accompanying documentary film, also titled "David Bowie Is", was directed by Hamish Hamilton, Katy Mullan, and Hanif Kureishi.
After the exhibit closed in July 2018, it was announced that in early 2019 a new, virtual version of the exhibit would be released on virtual and augmented reality platforms.
History.
Near the end of 2010, an archivist for Bowie's collection contacted the Victoria and Albert Museum (V&amp;A) and asked if they'd be interested in a display. Bowie had saved most of the artifacts, costumes, and props from his career and had almost 75,000 pieces in a private collection.
Bowie allowed Victoria Broackes and Geoffrey Marsh, the V&amp;A museum curators, free access to his archives for the show, although he did not get involved with how the pieces were displayed, nor the narrative of the show itself. Broackes and Marsh said that Bowie was "at the top of a very short list of people the V&amp;A would cover as a single artist," and that Bowie "had one of the most, if not the most, complete archive of any pop music artist" they had ever seen. Broackes said that they got everything they asked for to display, except for items that had gone missing, such as Bowie's dress worn for the cover of his album "The Man Who Sold the World". 
According to museum directors at the Brooklyn Museum, "David Bowie asked that the exhibit open in London and close here [in New York]". The V&amp;A Museum worked with 59 Productions and Real Studios to design the exhibit.
When the show was first booked at the V&amp;A Museum, it was not generally felt that the exhibit would be very successful. However, it became the museum's fastest selling show with over 300,000 visitors. The success of the show at the V&amp;A museum resulted in the decision to take the exhibit on tour, and it has sold roughly two million tickets across 11 cities around the world as of March 2018. As of 2018, the "David Bowie Is" exhibition holds the record for being the most visited exhibit in the V&amp;A Museum's history.
When Bowie died in early 2016, the museum tour was almost canceled, with concerns for if and how the show would go on. There were also discussions as to whether to keep the name in the present tense (David Bowie "Is"). The exhibit, which was at the Groninger Museum in the Netherlands at the time, instead extended the show for 4 weeks to allow grieving fans to attend.
Exhibit contents.
A typical stop of the exhibit included around 500 objects, including over 60 performance costumes, handwritten lyrics, and Bowie's own oil paintings. The exhibition was organized thematically rather than chronologically. It included outfits designed by Alexander McQueen, Hedi Slimane, Issey Miyake, Vivienne Westwood and Kansai Yamamoto. There were over 50 video pieces, including television performances, music videos and concert footage. Music journalist Dan Hyman wrote in "Rolling Stone" of the Chicago exhibition that the retrospective taught him five things about Bowie; Namely that Bowie was "... a Fantastic Painter and Illustrator…", "…an Avid Collector of Minutiae…", "…a Style Icon…", "…a Tech Geek at Heart…", and "…an Unflinching Self-Editor…".
Some museums included items unique to their country or city, reflecting Bowie's connection to the area. For example, in New York, where Bowie lived, Brooklyn Museum's Matthew Yokobosky said "We have the original backdrop from when he performed in "The Elephant Man" on Broadway, and moments from when he worked on Julian Schnabel’s film "Basquiat", on the life of New York artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. … While most of the "Young Americans" album was recorded in Philadelphia, "Fame" was actually recorded in New York City. That's how John Lennon just happened to stop by the studio that day. He [Lennon] actually did a drawing for David in the studio and I have that drawing in the show." Yokobosky also spoke about how and why they got the letters "BOWIE" for the exhibit: “The first time I met with Bowie’s archivist at the archive, I looked down one of the aisles and saw a photograph of the letter W resting on a case. I asked what it was, and the archivist told me that it corresponded to one of the letters from Bowie’s New York marathon tour in 2002, when he played five theaters in five boroughs of the city in five days—and every night they moved these brilliant letters which spelled out his name in light bulbs. Well, I saw that tour in the Beacon Theater, and I just blurted out, ‘I want the letters.’ They hadn't been seen since that tour, and we spent two months trying to figure out how to get them to work again."
While in Berlin at the Martin-Gropius-Bau museum, the exhibition added pieces from Bowie's time in West Berlin, his collaborations with Iggy Pop, and his Berlin Trilogy: "Low" (1977), "Heroes" (1977), and "Lodger" (1979).
When "David Bowie Is" opened in Tokyo, pieces from Japanese collaborator Kansai Yamamoto were highlighted, having designed costumes during Bowie's Ziggy Stardust (1972) and Aladdin Sane (1973) periods.
Scottish artist Paul Robertson contributed "The Periodic Table of Bowie" to the exhibition, a faux-periodic table of artists that have influenced, or were influenced by, Bowie over his career.
The final stop of "David Bowie Is" at the Brooklyn Museum (2 March to 15 July 2018) saw the release of the album "Live In Berlin (1978)", as well as a 7″ single containing the US single edit of 'Time'/'The Prettiest Star'. There was also the red vinyl version of iSelect, a 12 song compilation, which had first been made available in this format at the Paris exhibition. "Live In Berlin" was recorded on 16 May 1978 at the Deutschlandhalle in West Berlin during Bowie’s Isolar II Tour.
Technology.
The V&amp;A Museum worked with audio company Sennheiser to create a custom audio experience for the exhibit. Originally the curators were nervous to ask visitors to wear headphones, fearing it would isolate them. As visitors walked around the exhibit, the audio changed as they entered "spheres" of Bowie's work, relating to particular events, people or cities that the artist has worked in. The headphones required no interaction; the music and information you hear simply changed as you approached different parts of the exhibit. Producer Tony Visconti, who worked with Bowie for many years, created a unique megamix from the master tapes of more than 60 Bowie songs for the exhibition.
Part of the exhibition included a cavernous room with large video screens displaying various Bowie live performances throughout the years and featuring surround sound, in which visitors were asked to remove their headphones.
Augmented reality app.
Announced in 2018, the augmented reality application was released on iOS and android devices on 8 January 2019, coinciding with Bowie's birthday. Bowie's friend, actor Gary Oldman, provides the voice-over for the application, which allows users virtual access to the costumes, videos, handwritten lyrics, and original works of art as seen in the museum show. The application also includes access to "dozens" of items that were not part of the original exhibition.

</doc>
<doc id="56834958" url="?curid=56834958" title="Prince-Bishop of Vienna">
Prince-Bishop of Vienna


</doc>
<doc id="56834960" url="?curid=56834960" title="Dennis Epple">
Dennis Epple

Dennis N. Epple is a US American economist and currently the Thomas Lord University Professor of Economics at Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business. He belongs to the leading scholars in the fields of the economics of education, and urban and real estate economics.
Biography.
Dennis Epple earned a B.S. in aeronautical engineering from Purdue University in 1968, whereafter he briefly worked as an engineer for the McDonnell Douglas Corporation (1968–69). Epple subsequently changed to the social sciences, earning a Master of Public Affairs from Princeton's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1971 as well as a M.S. and a Ph.D. in economics from Princeton in 1973 and 1975. Since 1974, Epple has worked at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), first as an assistant professor of economics (1974–78), then as associate professor (1978–83), and finally as full professor (since 1983). Following a short position as Gary A. Rosenberg Professor of Real Estate, Finance, and Economics and Director of the Center for Real Estate Research at Northwestern University (1994–95), Epple was made the Thomas Lord Professor of Economics in 1996 and a University Professor in 2013. Moreover, he briefly worked as a fellow at the Hoover Institution and maintains a courtesy affiliation with the H.J. Heinz III School of Public Policy and Management at CMU. In terms of professional service, Epple repeatedly served as Head of Economics (1980–84, 2005–14) at CMU and continues to serve on CMU's Steering Committee Program for Interdisciplinary Education Research (2010-) and their Budget and Financial Affairs Committee (2014-). He also performed editorial functions with the "American Economic Review", "Quarterly Journal of Economics" and "Journal of Public Economics", among others. In 2003, Epple's contributions to economic research were rewarded with a fellowship of the Econometric Society. He currently resides as a Member of the Editorial Review Board for Research in Economics (2015-) while also being a Committee Member of the American Economic Association (2016-).
Research.
Dennis Epple's research focuses on political economics, the economics of education, and public finance. More specifically, influenced by the Tiebout hypothesis, Epple has extensively published on the public decision-making, financing and provision of private and public goods and services in local settings, e.g. on fiscal decentralization. Since the late 1990s, this research has branched out into extensive work on topics related to the economics of education (generally together with Richard Romano) such as peer effects, charter schools or school vouchers. Additionally, in the 1990s, Epple published a series of influential articles on the topic of learning curves in industrial organisations (with Linda Argote) and product differentiation. According to IDEAS/RePEc, Epple belongs to the top 2% of most cited economists worldwide.
The political and public economics of local government.
After an early interest in environmental economics, research on the Tiebout hypothesis, led Dennis Epple to adopt a perspective framed by competition between different localities; this perspective is present in much of his research on public and political economics, including school competition. In further research on interjurisdictional competition with Thomas Romer and Radu Filimon, Epple has explored the conditions under which there is an equilibrium between mobile consumers' choices in terms of housing location and public goods provision and how much scope for local redistribution there is if taxpayers are mobile or differ in preferences and incomes. In research with Holger Sieg (and Thomas Romer) in the late 1990s and early 2000s, Epple has further investigated the estimation of structural general equilibrium models of interjurisdictional competition. Corresponding applications, e.g. in the Boston Metropolitan Area, have found evidence of sophisticated voting behaviour in line with households' sorting into communities with similar public spending preferences and rejected myopic voting. Finally, in work with Richard Romano during the mid-1990s, Epple has studied how the presence of private alternatives affects public service provision in theory, finding (among else) that the public provision of services without restrictions on privately purchased supplements will be preferred by a majority of households relative to purely market or government-based provision systems, would maximize public and private expenditure on the public good, and be opposed by both poor and rich households.
Learning in industrial organisations.
In the 1990s, Dennis Epple and Linda Argote contributed substantially to the theory of organizational learning. While Epple and Argote observe learning curves in many manufacturing organisations, they also observe considerable variation in the extent to which organisations' productivity increases in production, which they attribute to differences between organizations "memories", employee turnover, economies of scale and knowledge transfers from other products and organisations. 
 Such transfers of knowledge are also observed across production shifts within the same plant and across stores owned by the same franchisee.
Economics of education.
In 1998, Epple and Richard Romano developed a seminal model of competition between tuition-financed private schools, tax-financed, tuition-free public schools and students that differ in terms of ability and income. The model predicts that private schools will attempt to vary tuition to attract relatively able students through tuition discounts as less able yet wealthy students benefit from the educational peer effects due to their more talented but poorer peers. With regard to public and private schools, these predictions are borne out by later work with David Figlio, which moreover asserts that students' income plays a stronger role in determining placement in the hierarchy of private schools the more public school expenditure falls. In an extension, Epple, Romano and Elizabeth Newlon study the effect of student tracking on school competition and predict that tracking would increase the share of high ability students in public schools but also push wealthy, low-ability students into private education, which attracts the wealthiest and most talented students. These findings have led Epple and Romano to caution that the introduction of municipal school choice programmes may drive wealthy households out of the city centers into the suburbs. To prevent private schools from "skimming off" the wealthiest and most talented students, they argue in favour of sophisticated combinations of tuition floors and ceilings, which allow school vouchers to provide the benefits of school competition without making participation in the voucher system compulsory or abiding very high levels of educational stratification. Finally, Epple's and Romano's work on the impact of educational peer effects on student sorting into private and public education has also been applied (together with Holger Sieg) to higher education, which also witnesses the emergence of a hierarchy of schools in terms of quality that is associated with corresponding stratification among students by income and ability.

</doc>
<doc id="56834965" url="?curid=56834965" title="Aeorestes cinereus">
Aeorestes cinereus


</doc>
<doc id="56834967" url="?curid=56834967" title="Aeorestes egregius">
Aeorestes egregius


</doc>
<doc id="56834972" url="?curid=56834972" title="Platysternus hebraeus">
Platysternus hebraeus


</doc>
<doc id="56834974" url="?curid=56834974" title="Aeorestes semotus">
Aeorestes semotus


</doc>
<doc id="56834977" url="?curid=56834977" title="People Say">
People Say

People Say may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56834984" url="?curid=56834984" title="Manze star">
Manze star


</doc>
<doc id="56834989" url="?curid=56834989" title="Peninsula Hotel, Hong Kong">
Peninsula Hotel, Hong Kong


</doc>
<doc id="56834997" url="?curid=56834997" title="Agʿazi">
Agʿazi

Agʿazi is the name of a region of the Aksumite Empire in what consists today of Eastern Tigray and Southern Eritrea.
History.
The earliest attestation of this name can be found in the determined "nisba"-form yg'ḏyn in three pre-Aksumite Royal inscriptions: "[rb]h/mlkn/sr'n/yg'ḏyn/mkrb/d'mt/web"' 'RBH, the victorious king, he of (the tribe?) YG'Ḏ, "mukarrib" of D'MT and SB' (RIE 8:1-2); "lmn/mlkn/sr'n/yg/ḏyn/mkrb/d'mt/wsb'/bn/rbb" 'LMN, the victorious king he of (the tribe?) YG'Ḏ, "mukarrib" of D'MT and SB', son of RBH' (RIE 5 A:1-2, the same formula in RIE 10:1-5). YG'Ḏ seems to be the name of the leading tribe or royal family settled in the region of Akele Guzai.
In Aksumite inscriptions this name never appears. In the Greek Monumentum Adulitanum (RIE 277), the author (an Aksumite king of the 2nd-3rd century AD) states: Γάζη έθνος έπολέμηα ("I fought the Gaze-people"). This people's name has been connected with the term Ge'ez. The Sinaiticus and Laurentianus messages (both 11th century) explain in margin: "Gaze means the Aksumites. Until now they are called Agaze". The reconstruction "[ag]āzә[yān]" in RIE 264 from Zafār (Yemen) (late 5th-early 6th century AD) has been proposed by Müller, but the fragment is too badly damaged to provide any help as to who could be meant by this name.
The only certain attestation is found in Abraha's Sabaean dam-inscription CIH 541 from Mārib (dated 543/548 AD), where he calls himself "mlkn gzyn". The meaning of this title remains enigmatic, especially since Abraha is at this time not any longer the Aksumite viceroy, but the autonomous king.
A connection between "agāzī" and the people Agēzāt, mentioned in two of Ezana's inscriptions seems questionable.

</doc>
<doc id="56834999" url="?curid=56834999" title="The House on the Roof">
The House on the Roof

The House on the Roof is a murder mystery novel written by Mignon G. Eberhart. It was published in the United States by Doubleday, Doran &amp; Co. in 1935. As with many of Eberhart's novels, it was most recently in print through the University of Nebraska Press.
Plot Summary.
Mary Monroe, an opera singer, is shot dead one evening in her penthouse apartment. Another tenant of the building, Deborah Cavert, was present at the time of the murder, and must now prove her own innocence.
Reception.
Kirkus Review lauded "The House on the Roof" as an "A-1 mystery" with "a successfully sustained atmosphere of horror" throughout. Isaac Anderson of the "New York Times" described is as "a Class A mystery, which is what we have learned to expect from Mrs. Eberhart."
In his essay on LGBT coding in Eberhart's work, Rick Cypert argues that the character of Francis Maly is the most overtly sinister example of the effeminate characters favored by the author.

</doc>
<doc id="56835008" url="?curid=56835008" title="Central Navy Band of Russia">
Central Navy Band of Russia

The Central Exemplary Concert Band of the Russian Navy "Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov" (Russian:Центральный концертный образцовый оркестр ВМФ им. Н.А. Римского-Корсакова), also known as the Central Navy Band of Russia (Russian:Центральный оркестр ВМФ России) is the official music representative of the Russian Navy. It is based in Moscow. The Conductor/Director of Music is Honored Artist of Russia, 1st rank Captain Alexei Karabanov. The central band is the leading creative team of the Russian Navy, which has been performing for more than 70 years.
History.
On December 23, 1941, the band of the Ulyanovsky Fleet was formed with 53 Musicians, mostly consisting of sailors, front-line soldiers who came from hospitals. The first appointed military conductor was 1st rank Captain Alexander Karpey-Lazarev. In order to improve the training of the musicians of the bands of the navy (especially the fleet forces and the naval infantry), the band was transformed in October 1944 as a training band unit of the Soviet Navy. In February 1993, in honor of the 150th birthday of Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, the orchestra was given its current honorary name of the Central Concert Band of the Navy Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. In different years, the orchestra has performed during concerts in places such as Afghanistan, Chechnya and Syria. Since 1945, the orchestra has been a constant participant in the Victory Parades on Red Square, and since 2017, it has been the main musical participant in Naval Parades in St. Petersburg.
Repertoire.
The following marches are standard for the navy and the central band:

</doc>
<doc id="56835009" url="?curid=56835009" title="Green Party of Alberta (2011–present)">
Green Party of Alberta (2011–present)


</doc>
<doc id="56835017" url="?curid=56835017" title="Gaudian languages">
Gaudian languages


</doc>
<doc id="56835022" url="?curid=56835022" title="Univ. of Alaska Fairbanks">
Univ. of Alaska Fairbanks


</doc>
<doc id="56835028" url="?curid=56835028" title="The Dark Garden">
The Dark Garden

The Dark Garden is a murder mystery novel written by Mignon G. Eberhart. It was published by Doubleday, Doran &amp; Co. in 1935. It was rereleased as a mass market paperback at least twice, first in 1944 by Bestseller Mystery Books, and in 1966 by McFadden.
Reception.
The "New York Times" gave "The Dark Garden" a positive review: "Of all the excellent mystery stories that Mignon G. Eberhart has to her credit this one seems to us to be by far the best."
Rich Cypert's essay on queer coding in Eberhart's writings singles out the character of Clarence Siskinson as typical of the "harmless older gentlemen dandies" favored by the author.

</doc>
<doc id="56835038" url="?curid=56835038" title="Ho-Ho-Nor">
Ho-Ho-Nor


</doc>
<doc id="56835051" url="?curid=56835051" title="Operation Shenandoah II">
Operation Shenandoah II

Operation Shenandoah II was a security operation conducted during the Vietnam War by the U.S. 1st Infantry Division to secure and repair Highway 13, South Vietnam from 29 September to 19 November 1967.
Background.
For the 1967–1968 dry season, II Field Force, Vietnam planned to mount a large-scale offensive to cut the three main infiltration routes into III Corps from Cambodia. In order to build up the necessary forces near the Cambodian border and sustain their operations Highway 13 needed to be opened and secured.
Meanwhile, Central Office for South Vietnam (COSVN) commander General Trần Văn Trà pursued a strategy of attrition using his People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and Viet Cong (VC) forces to attack U.S. military units to cause as many casualties as possible hoping that the Americans would conclude that the war was too costly and withdraw from South Vietnam. Trà's deputy, General Hoàng Văn Thái planned to use the experienced VC 9th Division commanded by Senior Col. Hoàng Cầm, to spearhead COSVN's dry season offensive in Bình Long Province. The initial target was the district capital of Lộc Ninh in order to neutralize the U.S. Special Forces and CIDG camp there and to embarrass the South Vietnamese Government.
Operation.
During the first weeks of the operation, the 1st and 3rd Brigades, 1st Division secured Highway 13 between Lai Khê and Chơn Thành District. These forces also swept the Long Nguyen Secret Zone, situated between Highway 13 and the Michelin Rubber Plantation about northwest of Saigon, in Binh Duong Province.
On 29 September, MG John H. Hay ordered the 1st Brigade with the 1st Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment and the 1st Battalion, 28th Infantry Regiment into the north of the Zone. On 30 September, the 3rd Brigade with the 2/2nd Infantry and the 2/28th Infantry were ordered into the southern half of the Zone. During the first days sweeping the Zone the U.S. forces made little contact with the VC. On 2 October, an Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) unit operating east of Highway 13 near Chơn Thành engaged a large VC formation and took heavy casualties. Documents found on the dead indicated they had clashed with a battalion-sized unit from the VC 272nd Regiment, sent to attack Chơn Thành in order to cover the movement of the 271st Regiment into the Long Nguyen area.
On 4 October the 1/2d Infantry engaged a VC company 9 km southwest of Chơn Thành, killing 12 before the VC withdrew to the west. To pursue the retreating VC, the 1st Battalion, 18th Infantry Regiment was instructed to conduct an air-assault into a clearing located about west of the 1/2nd Infantry, in order to block enemy troops. The 1/18th Infantry landed unopposed, and they immediately set up their standard field position with wire entanglements to protect the base. On 6 October, the 1/18th Infantry's position was hit by VC mortar fire causing little damage. At 18:00 it began to rain and an hour later the VC started attacking the perimeter from different directions, but the attack was repulsed with the support of artillery and mortar fire. By midnight the fight was over, U.S. casualties were 5 killed and 4 wounded. Three weeks later a captured VC soldier from the 2nd Battalion, 271st Regiment, revealed that his unit lost 59 killed and 56 wounded in the attack.
On 8 October, 1/2nd Infantry was moved to Phước Vĩnh Base Camp to act as the division's reaction force. The 2/28th Infantry was then lifted from Lai Khê and landed about northwest of Chơn Thành, and north-west of 1/18th Infantry's position. On 10 October 1/2nd Infantry was deployed into new blocking positions, as VC units were believed to be moving toward the Michelin Rubber Plantation. On 11 October 11, two companies from 1/18th Infantry probed northwards and were immediately attacked by the VC. While under heavy fire, the lead company was ordered to pull back behind a perimeter formed by the second company. As the lead company fell back, artillery and air support were called in to pummel the VC's attacking formation. When the battle was over, 21 VC were found dead, whereas U.S. casualties for the day were 1 killed and 4 wounded. On 13 October, 1/18th Infantry was moved to Phước Vĩnh for rest and refitting.
By mid-October, MG Hay believed the VC 271st Regiment had suffered a major defeat and was ready to withdraw from the Long Nguyen Secret Zone, so he was ready to terminate the operation. However, increased VC activity near the Ong Thanh Stream, which flowed near the Binh Duong-Binh Long provincial boundary, where the 1st Brigade made most of its contacts, had indicated otherwise.
Battle of Ong Thanh.
On the morning of 16 October, two companies of the 2/28th Infantry commanded by Lt Col. Terry de la Mesa Allen Jr. left their night defensive position along the Ong Thanh Stream to patrol an area to the southeast, which was covered by thick jungle canopy. After marching for about , the battalion found a fortified VC bunker and pulled back to allow airstrikes against the VC positions. When the airstrikes were over, they reentered the camp and a firefight broke out with VC snipers firing down from trees in the surrounding areas. U.S. forces pulled back and artillery strikes were called in against VC bunker positions. They again re-entered the camp, and they discovered the bodies of 17 VC. Moving through the western end of the camp, and another fire-fight broke out with an estimated 60 VC. Later that afternoon Lt. Col. Allen decided to break contact and return to base, to avoid fighting a battle that could last until the evening. In the meantime, however, he called in air-strikes to inflict further damage on the VC.
On the morning of 17 October the 2/28th Infantry renewed their attack against the VC position and at approximately 10:00 they triggered a 3-sided ambush by the 271st Regiment reinforced by 200 soldiers from the VC C1 Company of Rear Service Group 83. At 12:00 the 2/28th Infantry attempted to withdraw which quickly descended into chaos as the U.S. forces were pursued by intense fire killing Allen among others.
U.S. losses were 64 killed, 75 wounded and 2 missing. VC losses were unknown, the 1st Brigade reported an estimated body count of 101, but the U.S. relief force found only 2 VC dead.
First Battle of Loc Ninh.
After clearing the Long Nguyen Secret Zone, the next stage of the operation called for the 1st and 3rd Brigades to secure Highway 13 through An Lộc up to Lộc Ninh 25 km farther north, however II Field Force commander LTG Frederick C. Weyand suspended this phase as it became apparent that COSVN was preparing to launch a major offensive in northern III Corps.
In late September and early October patrols from the Lộc Ninh Special Forces Camp had discovered an engineer company from the VC 9th Division building a large hospital on the Sông Bé River several kilometers west of Lộc Ninh and elements of the 84A Artillery Regiment (which operated in support of VC infantry) camped within a few kilometers of Lộc Ninh. Allied intelligence also obtained documents indicating that the 9th Division would begin a major operation in Bình Long Province on or about 25 October. LTG Weyand ordered MG Hay to prepare contingency plans for the defense of the district capitals of Lộc Ninh and Sông Bé.
After midnight on 27 October, under cover of mortar fire the VC 88th Regiment attacked Sông Bé, while 2 PAVN battalions attacked an ARVN 5th Division base camp several kilometers southeast of Sông Bé. The 200 ARVN defenders held on with air support and eventually forced the PAVN to withdraw, on searching the battlefield in the morning they found 134 PAVN dead and captured 2 wounded soldiers, 73 abandoned weapons, including 3 flamethrowers and 10 machine guns were also found. ARVN losses were 5 killed and 7 civilian laborers were also killed. An ARVN Ranger Battalion and the 1/18th Infantry flew into Sông Bé, but the VC had already withdrawn and the 1/18th Infantry, returned to Lai Khê on the afternoon of 28 October.
At 01:00 on 29 October the 9th Division attacked Lộc Ninh starting with a barrage of 122-mm. rockets and 82-mm. and 120-mm. mortar rounds against the Special Forces camp and the South Vietnamese district headquarters. The defenders responded with their own mortar fire and called for support. At 02:00 VC sappers attacked the district headquarters detonating satchel charges on the northern perimeter wire clearing the way for 2 battalions of the 273d Regiment. The defenders withdrew into the south of the compound. A pair of U.S. UH–1B helicopter gunships arrived on the scene and began attacking the VC and were soon joined by an AC–47 "Spooky" gunship which poured fire on VC reserve forces in the nearby treeline. Despite this air support, the situation in the compound remained desperate and the district chief called for a Proximity fuse artillery barrage on his own position which caused devastating losses to the exposed VC. At 04:00 the VC withdrew pursued by air and artillery strikes. At dawn, the ARVN found that some VC had stayed behind in bunkers in the compound and after reinforcements arrived they proceeded to methodically clear out the VC using M72 LAW rockets. 135 VC had been killed in the attacks on Lộc Ninh while the ARVN lost 8 killed and 33 wounded.
On the morning of 29 October, two companies from the 2/28th Infantry and a battery of 105-mm. howitzers were flown into Lộc Ninh to set up a firebase at the southwest corner of the airstrip. By 09:50 the battery was operational and conducting preparatory fire for the landing of the 1/18th Infantry 3.5 km to the northwest. The battalion landed unopposed and established a defensive perimeter to establish a firebase. At 12:00, a CIDG company radioed that it had engaged a PAVN platoon 1 km north of the landing zone and Company C 2/28th Infantry was sent to support the CIDG company, hitting the PAVN from behind, killing 9 and scattering the rest. Two more PAVN platoons then counterattacked Company C and Company D was sent in a flanking attack forcing the PAVN to withdraw. 5 PAVN had been killed and documents on them indicated that they were from the PAVN 165th Regiment.
On the morning of 30 October the 165th Regiment attacked Company A, 1/18th Infantry, as it was reconnoitering the area around its landing zone. Company D and a CIDG company were immediately sent to assist forcing the PAVN back to a low hill where they took refuge in some shallow irrigation trenches. The U.S. forces called in air and artillery strikes and then the CIDG forces attacked forcing the PAVN into a gully where they were hit by further air and artillery strikes. 83 PAVN had been killed and 32 weapons were captured.
MG Hay ordered the 1st Brigade to move its headquarters to Quần Lợi Base Camp to prepare for a renewed attack on Lộc Ninh. Just after midnight on 31 October, rockets and mortar shells began pounding the district compound, the Special Forces camp, and the airstrip artillery firebase. As the barrage ended, helicopter gunships and an AC-47 arrived over Lộc Ninh and began firing on suspected assembly areas. They were met by heavy machine gun fire from the PAVN 208th Anti-Aircraft Battalion. At approximately 02:00 hundreds of 272nd Regiment troops emerged from the treeline on the eastern side of the airstrip. Their attack was met by interlocking fire from the 3 U.S./ARVN positions around the airstrip. A small group of VC made it across the airstrip and fought their way into the district headquarters compound, however as no follow-up troops were able to advance they soon abandoned their attack and withdrew. At dawn the 272nd Regiment withdrew east, leaving 110 dead. ARVN/U.S. losses were 9 killed and 59 wounded. The 1/28th Infantry was sent southeast of Lộc Ninh in pursuit of the 272nd Regiment and killed 11 VC over the next two days, but failed to locate main body of the 272nd Regiment.
On the evening of 1 November, the 84A Artillery Regiment hit Lộc Ninh with mortar and rocket fire and a battalion from the 272nd Regiment then hit the district compound with machine gun fire, however this attack was just a diversion and at 00:30 on 2 November 82-mm. mortar shells began to hit the 1/18th Infantry firebase. U.S. night observation posts around the base reported that VC forces were converging, detonated their Claymore mines and retreated into the base perimeter. The VC sprayed the base with fire to try to locate the U.S. heavy weapons positions but the U.S. troops had been ordered to hold their fire. When VC mortars began firing on the base they were engaged by helicopter gunships which were then met by antiaircraft fire from at least 12 heavy machine guns and fighter-bombers were called in to silence these. At 04:15, the 273rd Regiment began its attack which was met with intense defensive fire and faced with this by 04:45 the VC began to withdraw. At dawn the 1/18th policed the perimeter finding 263 VC dead while drag marks and blood trails suggested their losses were even higher. U.S. losses were 1 killed and 8 wounded.
On 2 November 1 Brigade was given operational control over the 3rd Brigade's 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment which made an unopposed landing 4 km northwest of Lộc Ninh and the 2nd Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, from the 25th Infantry Division which made an unopposed landing 6 km northeast of Lộc Ninh. There were now 4 U.S. infantry battalions deployed around Loc Ninh. That evening Col. Cầm sent the 1st Battalion, 272d Regiment to assault the 2/12th Infantry position hoping to catch them before they had time to fortify their base. The attack began at 02:30 on 3 November but was quickly forced back by the already entrenched infantry and artillery and air support. The VC withdrew at 04:00 leaving 57 dead and 7 wounded, while U.S. losses were 4 killed.
On 6 November the 1/26th Infantry moved to a new firebase northeast of Lộc Ninh and began probing east towards where the 272nd Regiment was believed to be regrouping. The 1/18th Infantry returned to Quần Lợi and the 2/12th Infantry was redeployed to Sông Bé. Part of the 2/28th Infantry remained at its firebase at Lộc Ninh airstrip.
On the morning of 7 November with Company A remaining to guard their firebase, the rest of 1/26 Infantry left to patrol a dirt road bordered by a rubber plantation. At 13:05 the column moved into the rubber trees and the lead company was quickly ambushed by VC from the 3rd Battalion, 272nd Regiment in the plantation while small arms and machine gun fire raked the column on the road. VC fire killed the battalion commander and his command group, wounded 2 company commanders and disabled most of their radios. Company D was at the rear of the column and its commander Captain Raymond H. Dobbins was able to manoeuvre troops to prevent the VC from outflanking to column. Captain Dobbins assumed temporary command of the battalion, calling in air and artillery strikes to cover the unit as it withdrew to a more defensible position. After an hour the VC broke contact leaving 66 dead according to US claims while U.S. losses were 18 killed and 22 wounded.
With no further VC activity MG Hay concluded that the VC had disengaged and retreat to its sanctuaries across the border in Cambodia. The Battle of Lộc Ninh was over with the US claiming that the PAVN/VC losses were more than 850 killed while U.S./ARVN losses were 50 killed.
Further attacks at Sông Bé and Bo Duc.
While the VC 9th Division withdrew from Lộc Ninh, elements of the 5th Division were gathering near Sông Bé, 40 km east with the 275th Regiment arriving to join the 88th Regiment.
On the morning of 6 November, elements from the 275th Regiment ambushed a company from the ARVN 5th Infantry Division south of Sông Bé. The forces became intermingled preventing the use of air and artillery strikes. The ARVN claim to have killed 265 VC, while ARVN losses were 54 killed and 15 missing in action. As the 275th Regiment did not usually operate in this area, with the 1st and 3rd Brigades occupied at Lộc Ninh, LTG Weyand ordered two battalions from the 25th Infantry Division to sweep the area around Sông Bé. After two weeks of uneventful patrolling the battalions returned to their parent units. Soon afterwards CIDG forces observed the 271st Regiment moving into the area and PAVN/VC forces building fortifications near the abandoned hamlet of Bu Gia Map, 28 km northeast of Sông Bé.
On 25 November elements of the 275th Regiment attacked the ARVN camp south of Sông Bé in a 4 hour long firefight, resulting in more than 100 VC dead.
On 26 and 28 November CIDG troops from Bo Duc 20 km northwest of Sông Bé observed unidentified PAVN/VC forces moving through the area. Just after midnight on 29 November the 2nd and 3rd Battalions, 272nd Regiment attacked the Bo Duc District headquarters which was defended by a reconnaissance company from the ARVN 5th Division, a company of Regional Forces and two Popular Forces platoons, meanwhile VC mortar fire prevented the CIDG forces at the Bu Dop Special Forces camp 2 km north of Bo Duc from reinforcing the district headquarters. A group of VC penetrated the southern perimeter of the district headquarters forcing the defenders into the northern half of the compound. The U.S. adviser called in air strikes against VC weapons positions and then, as the VC came closer, napalm and bombs within the compound to halt the VC advance. The ARVN then counterattacked and drove the VC back out of the compound. The battle ended at 06:30, VC losses were 96 dead while ARVN losses were 15 dead.
On the afternoon of 29 November Bo Duc was reinforced by the arrival of 2 ARVN infantry battalions, while 1/28th Infantry and Battery A 2nd Battalion, 33rd Artillery Regiment, deployed to Bu Dop establishing a firebase at the northwestern end of the runway. At 22:00 that night, VC mortar rounds and 122-mm. rockets hit the firebase. When the barrage lifted, hundreds of VC from the 3rd Battalion, 271st Regiment and elements of the 80A Replacement and Training Regiment advanced from the treeline on the eastern side of the runway. As the VC crossed this 200m distance to the firebase, the 2/33rd Artillery crews depressed their howitzer barrels and fired directly into the advancing VC while the 1/28th Infantry engaged them with all available weapons. 2 helicopter gunships soon arrived overhead and they were met by intense antiaircraft fire from more than 10 heavy machine guns. The helicopters spotted the VC mortar positions in a nearby hamlet and engaged these as fighter-bombers came on station. By 00:30 the VC began to disengage leaving 31 dead while U.S. losses were 7 dead.
Over the following week, Allied patrols skirmished with VC forces around Bo Duc and each night mortar shells landed in the town. Anticipating another VC attack on Bo Duc, on 6 December MG Hay deployed the 1/2nd Infantry and Battery B, 1st Battalion, 5th Artillery Regiment, to establish a firebase southeast of Bo Duc. At 01:00 on 8 December, the 3rd Battalion, 273rd Regiment, attacked the firebase under a barrage of Rocket-propelled grenades. The 1/5th Artillery levelled their guns and fired on the advancing VC infantry. As the full weight of U.S. air and artillery support was brought to bear on the VC they began to withdraw at 03:00 leaving 49 dead while U.S. losses were 4 killed.
Between 25 November and 8 December, the PAVN/VC had lost at least 400 men and possibly up to twice that number at Sông Bé, Bo Duc and Bu Dop.
On 5 December a battalion from the 88th Regiment carried out the Đắk Sơn massacre killing more than 200 Montagnards.
Highway 13 and Caisson VI.
As part of their security operation along Highway 13, the 3rd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division had established a line of firebases named Caisson I through VII at 10 km intervals along the road between Lai Khê and An Lộc from which road security and minesweeping operations would be conducted.
The PAVN 7th Division commanded by Senior Col. Nguyen Hoa sought to close Highway 13 and shortly after midnight on 24 November sent his 2nd Battalion, 165th Regiment to attack a U.S. night defense position on the shoulder of Highway 13 12 km south of An Lộc. The U.S. force consisted of Company B, 1/18th Infantry, a platoon from the 1st Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment equipped with 3 M48A3 tanks and 4 M113 armored personnel carriers and two platoons from the 2nd Battalion, 2d Infantry (Mechanized), equipped with 11 M113s. As the attack began, PAVN RPGs failed to disable any of the armored vehicles and sappers were unable to reach the perimeter wire due to the volume of fire coming from the U.S. armored vehicles. When helicopter gunships and an AC-47 arrived overhead the PAVN began to withdraw leaving 57 dead, U.S. losses were 4 dead.
Just after midnight on 3 December, Hoa sent his 1st Battalion, 141st Regiment into action against another night defensive position 3 km south of the 24 November attack. The defending force consisted of Company D, 1/18th Infantry, and a mechanized platoon from Company C, 2/2nd Infantry. This time the PAVN succeeding in penetrating the perimeter before again being forced back by defensive fire, air and artillery strikes. PAVN losses were 27 killed, while U.S. losses were 7 killed.
On 10 December Colonel Hoa targeted Caisson VI () 6 km south of An Lộc. Defending the base was Company A, 1/18th Infantry and Troop A, 1st Squadron, 4th Cavalry with 3 M48A3 tanks and 4 M113s dug into fighting positions around the perimeter. The base also housed Battery A, 6th Battalion, 15th Artillery, equipped with 105-mm. howitzers and Battery C, 8th Battalion, 6th Artillery Regiment, equipped with 155-mm. howitzers. At 02:00 a barrage of 75-mm. recoilless rifles and 82-mm. and 120-mm. mortars hit the firebase. When this barrage ended VC from the 165th Regiment attacked the north, west and east of the perimeter. Sapper teams penetrated the northern perimeter and VC troops raced for the gap which was soon covered by Canister shot from the M48s. Intensive artillery fire soon forced the PAVN to withdraw and by 03:30 the battle was over. At dawn U.S. soldiers policed the perimeter finding 143 dead, U.S. losses were 1 killed.
Aftermath.
The operation concluded on 10 December 1967. The U.S. forces had successfully reopened Highway 13 and claimed to have inflicted serious losses on several PAVN/VC Battalions blunting their offensive plans.

</doc>
<doc id="56835054" url="?curid=56835054" title="Alaska Sea Grant College Program">
Alaska Sea Grant College Program


</doc>
<doc id="56835055" url="?curid=56835055" title="Alaska Sea Grant Coll. Program">
Alaska Sea Grant Coll. Program


</doc>
<doc id="56835057" url="?curid=56835057" title="Wong Yuk-shan">
Wong Yuk-shan

Professor Wong Yuk-shan, SBS, BBS, JP (; born 1950) is a Hong Kong politician and academic. He is the former president of the Open University of Hong Kong, a Hong Kong deputy of the National People's Congress of China and its member of the Committee of the Hong Kong Basic Law.
Biography.
Professor Wong was born in Hong Kong in 1950; his ancestral home is located in Fujian, mainland China. He graduated from Concordia University with a bachelor's degree in biology in 1974, before obtaining a master's and doctoral degree in Plant Biochemistry from McGill University in 1976 and 1979 respectively. From the 1980s, Wong has performed teaching, research and administration work at various universities, namely the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Chinese University of Hong Kong, City University of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. He has published 8 books and over 160 international journal papers in the areas of environmental biotechnology, plant biochemistry and mangrove conservation. He is a Fellow of the Society of Biology in the UK and a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Science.
He has been a Hong Kong deputy of the National People's Congress since 2008 and a member of its Committee of the Hong Kong Basic Law. He has also held various public positions, including member of the Basic Law Promotion Steering Committee, chairman of the Education Bureau's Vetting Committee for the Allocation of Sites and Start-up Loan for Post-secondary Education
Providers, the president of the Society of Hong Kong Scholars, chairman of the Veterinary Surgeons Board of Hong Kong, Deputy Chairman of the Advisory Council for the Environment, Chairman of Wetland Advisory Committee and member of the Executive Board
of the Hong Kong Institution of Science. In 2001 he was appointed chairman of the Curriculum Development Council, a member of the University Grants Committee, a member of Education Commission and a member of the Hong Kong Council for Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications. He was appointed chairman of the Consumer Council in 2013 and chairman of the Standing Committee on Judicial Salaries and Conditions of Service in 2017.
Wong was appointed Justice of Peace in 2001 and received a Bronze Bauhinia Star medal in 2004. He received a Silver Bauhinia Star medal in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56835058" url="?curid=56835058" title="Arizona Dept. of Health Services">
Arizona Dept. of Health Services


</doc>
<doc id="56835064" url="?curid=56835064" title="The White Cockatoo (novel)">
The White Cockatoo (novel)

The White Cockatoo is a murder mystery novel written by Mignon G. Eberhart. It was published by Doubleday, Doran &amp; Co. in 1933. It was later released in December, 1993, by Thorndike Press. The novel served as the basis of the 1935 film of the same name directed by Alan Crosland.
Plot Summary.
Americans Sue Talley and Jim Sundean find themselves at the same large, off-season hotel in the south of France. Amidst a constant spooky, atmospheric wind, a series of murders occur; Sue begins to suspect that the deaths are connected to her arrival.
Composition.
Eberhart drew on her experiences traveling in the Maritime Alps and staying in just such a hotel in the winter of 1931–32. The name of the town in the book is left intentionally obscure by Eberhart, with the implication that it may be Avignon.
Reception.
"The White Cockatoo" received mixed-to-positive reviews. It was called "a thoroughly excellent thriller" by the "Aberdeen Times", and similarly described as above "the ordinary blood and thunder class" by "The Sunday Times".
The "New York Times" described "The White Cockatoo" as overly convoluted. The reviewer lamented the fact that Sarah Keate, the primary character of Eberhart's previous few books, did not make an appearance: "It might have been better if she had." 
Among Eberhart's literary contemporaries, the novel was well received. In a private letter to Fanny Butcher, author Gertrude Stein reported that she was reading "The White Cockatoo" and was impressed by Eberhart's "xtraordinary" writing skill. Crime novelist Dorothy L. Sayers publicly praised the novel. A 1937 UK edition, published by The Bodley Head, carried a positive quote from Jefferson Farjeon, praising "The White Cockatoo" for its "most intriguing" cast of characters and its "genuinely thrilling atmosphere."

</doc>
<doc id="56835068" url="?curid=56835068" title="Louisiana State Univ.">
Louisiana State Univ.


</doc>
<doc id="56835072" url="?curid=56835072" title="Pazhaya Suriyani Pally">
Pazhaya Suriyani Pally


</doc>
<doc id="56835073" url="?curid=56835073" title="Univ. of North Dakota School of Medicine &amp; Health Sciences">
Univ. of North Dakota School of Medicine &amp; Health Sciences


</doc>
<doc id="56835075" url="?curid=56835075" title="Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia">
Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia


</doc>
<doc id="56835081" url="?curid=56835081" title="Yuk-Shan Wong">
Yuk-Shan Wong


</doc>
<doc id="56835082" url="?curid=56835082" title="Virginia Dept. of Transportation">
Virginia Dept. of Transportation


</doc>
<doc id="56835084" url="?curid=56835084" title="Wisconsin Dept. of Health &amp; Family Services">
Wisconsin Dept. of Health &amp; Family Services


</doc>
<doc id="56835090" url="?curid=56835090" title="Yuk-shan Wong">
Yuk-shan Wong


</doc>
<doc id="56835091" url="?curid=56835091" title="United Nations Univ. Pr.">
United Nations Univ. Pr.


</doc>
<doc id="56835093" url="?curid=56835093" title="Augusto Barbera">
Augusto Barbera


</doc>
<doc id="56835097" url="?curid=56835097" title="U.S. Dept. of Defense">
U.S. Dept. of Defense


</doc>
<doc id="56835100" url="?curid=56835100" title="Natl. Institute on Drug Abuse">
Natl. Institute on Drug Abuse


</doc>
<doc id="56835101" url="?curid=56835101" title="Natl. Institutes of Health">
Natl. Institutes of Health


</doc>
<doc id="56835102" url="?curid=56835102" title="U.S. Dept. of Health &amp; Human Services">
U.S. Dept. of Health &amp; Human Services


</doc>
<doc id="56835103" url="?curid=56835103" title="U.S. Botanic Gardens">
U.S. Botanic Gardens


</doc>
<doc id="56835106" url="?curid=56835106" title="Red-spotted sweet potato moth">
Red-spotted sweet potato moth


</doc>
<doc id="56835108" url="?curid=56835108" title="Atsushi Kanazawa">
Atsushi Kanazawa

 is the former Head coach of the Rizing Zephyr Fukuoka in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56835119" url="?curid=56835119" title="U.S. Dept. of Veterans Affairs">
U.S. Dept. of Veterans Affairs


</doc>
<doc id="56835122" url="?curid=56835122" title="Le chevalier d'Harmental">
Le chevalier d'Harmental


</doc>
<doc id="56835129" url="?curid=56835129" title="Ma'din Public School">
Ma'din Public School


</doc>
<doc id="56835131" url="?curid=56835131" title="Video game glitching">
Video game glitching


</doc>
<doc id="56835138" url="?curid=56835138" title="Office of History &amp; Preservation">
Office of History &amp; Preservation


</doc>
<doc id="56835141" url="?curid=56835141" title="Ohio Dept. of Natural Resources">
Ohio Dept. of Natural Resources


</doc>
<doc id="56835145" url="?curid=56835145" title="Sourpuss">
Sourpuss


</doc>
<doc id="56835147" url="?curid=56835147" title="Wisconsin Dept. of Natural Resources">
Wisconsin Dept. of Natural Resources


</doc>
<doc id="56835149" url="?curid=56835149" title="UN Human Settlements Programme">
UN Human Settlements Programme


</doc>
<doc id="56835158" url="?curid=56835158" title="Food &amp; Agriculture Organization of the United Nations">
Food &amp; Agriculture Organization of the United Nations


</doc>
<doc id="56835168" url="?curid=56835168" title="Awakening (game series)">
Awakening (game series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835174" url="?curid=56835174" title="Alison Standen">
Alison Standen

Alison Standen is an Australian politician. She was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for the Labor Party in the Division of Franklin at the 2018 state election, and served until her defeat in 2021.
She was a health practitioner, a community leader and a public servant before entering politics, and was the Tasmanian Labor Party's first openly gay candidate. Her partner's name is Kate Grady and they have a son.

</doc>
<doc id="56835182" url="?curid=56835182" title="You Don't Know Jack (series)">
You Don't Know Jack (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835188" url="?curid=56835188" title="Ng Yi-Sheng">
Ng Yi-Sheng


</doc>
<doc id="56835190" url="?curid=56835190" title="You Don't Know Jack (video game)">
You Don't Know Jack (video game)


</doc>
<doc id="56835203" url="?curid=56835203" title="Hong Kong Army Cadets Association Limited">
Hong Kong Army Cadets Association Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56835211" url="?curid=56835211" title="Bunny Chan">
Bunny Chan

Bunny Chan Chung-bun (; born 1957) is a Hong Kong businessman and politician. He is the former chairman of the Kwun Tong District Council, a Hong Kong deputy to the National People's Congress of China and the chairman of the Hong Kong Army Cadets Association.
Biography.
Bunny Chan was born in Hong Kong in 1957 with his family originated from Chaozhou. After graduating from secondary school in 1976, he worked at To Kwa Wan’s Kai Ngai Embroidery Factory as a clerk and a sewing trainee and learnt procedures such as blinding and button holing form working at his friends' and foreman's workshops. In 1979, he opened a factory with a capital of 2000 dollars and rented a site in Mei King Mansion for manufacturing travel bags and other gifts, a predecessor of Prospectful Garment Factory. In 1983, he switched to producing children's clothes and set up Prospectful Holdings Ltd. and became its chairman which outsource its production processes and expanded in scale. He moved the factory to Kwun Tong in 1985 and later bought out the site.
He was first appointed to the Kwun Tong District Council in 2000, and then elected chairman of the council from 2004. He first contested in the 2011 District Council election and won a seat in Hip Hong, which he lost his seat in 2019 following a rout of pro-Beijing candidates amidst the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests. Chan was appointed council member of the Open University of Hong Kong from 2006 to 2012 in which he was conferred Doctor of Business Administration, honoris causa, by the university in 2013. He is also a vice-chairperson of the Community Care Fund Task Force of the Commission on Poverty from 2012. He is a member of the Council for Sustainable Development from 2015. In 2012 he was elected to the National People's Congress by the electoral college as a Hong Kong deputy.
Chan was appointed to the Commission on Youth in 2004 and was chairman from 2009 to 2015. He is also the founding chairman of the Hong Kong Army Cadets Association which was established in 2015. The mission of the Association is said to enhance youths’ attributes of self-enhancement, self-discipline, self-confidence, sense of responsibility, leadership and volunteerism. However the association sparked controversy over its "secretive" inauguration ceremony held in the restricted area of the People’s Liberation Army navy base on Stonecutters Island with the few members of the media invited all having close ties to Beijing. The association was blasted as pro-Beijing brainwashing.
Chan was appointed Justice of the Peace in 2002 and was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star medal in 2004, Silver Bauhinia Star medal in 2009 and Gold Bauhinia Star medal in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56835213" url="?curid=56835213" title="Bunny Chan Chung-bun">
Bunny Chan Chung-bun


</doc>
<doc id="56835219" url="?curid=56835219" title="Javier Bertucci">
Javier Bertucci

Javier Alejandro Bertucci Carrero (born November 16, 1969) is an evangelical pastor, philanthropist, and Venezuelan businessman. In 2016, he was linked to the leakage of the Panama Papers. He runs the Maranatha Christian Church, a religious congregation with more than 16,000 followers in Latin America that expands social work and evangelist through the Civil Association El Evangelio Cambia, of which he is a leader and founder. He was a candidate in the 2018 Venezuelan presidential election.
Biography.
Javier Bertucci was born on November 16, 1969, in Guanare, Portuguesa, to a peasant family that subsisted on a banana and tobacco producing plantation. His great-grandmother, Maria de las Nieves, helped the Bertucci family experience economic mobility.
Using family land to cultivate topochos in the town of San Nicolás, Portuguesa State, Bertucci cut the topochos and sold them on a nearby road. Subsequently, the hacienda grew by diversifying its agricultural production on a small scale which grew his family's wealth.
Bertucci completed both his primary and secondary education in the town of Yagua (north of Valencia). In school he met Francisco Barrios at age 12, who introduced him to his future wife Rebeca Barrios, Francisco's sister. In 1994, at the age of 24, Bertucci married Rebeca Barrios. They have three children: Raquel Rebeca, Valeria Alejandra and Javier Abraham.
Bertucci began to follow the Evangelical Christian Church in 1990, when he had "an experience with God at 21 years old."
He decided to start a pastorate career a month after his marriage when he received the "call of God" (an expression that indicates when a believer recognizes the task to follow within a church or in your life as a Christian).
From 1993, with his wife Rebeca, Bertucci began to preach in squares, parks, and houses. In the 1990s, the Bertucci Barrios family moved to Valencia, where they lived, and simultaneously formed a small evangelical church in the town of Tinaquillo (Cojedes, 48 km southwest of Valencia), which remained for the next five years.
House arrest.
On July 2, 2010, Bertucci was charged with aggravated smuggling and conspiracy to commit a crime. He was detained for three days when he tried to move a 5,000-metric-ton tanker ship from the Ocamar dock in Puerto Cabello to the port of Barahona in the Dominican Republic. The ship was thought to contain 5,000 tons of diesel disguised as paint thinner. The diesel, through its Tecnopetrol company, was referenced in file GP01-R-2010-000234 of the Court of Appeals.
During the presentation hearing, prosecutors Armando Galindo, Yolanda Carrero and Francisco Leal requested that Bertucci receive a custodial (incarceration) sentence. On July 4, the first judge in control of the Criminal Judicial Circuit, extension Puerto Cabello, Henry Chirino, ordered his house arrest. On September 30 of the same year he was granted a permit to leave his residence only to officiate at the Maranatha Church. 
On December 20, Bertucci received a substitute measure of freedom with a filing system and was banned from leaving the country. His defense appealed and the court annulled the sentence, initiating a new trial that is still in progress under judge No. 2 of the Judicial Criminal Circuit of Carabobo state, Rosa Matute. The Venezuelan Supreme Court of Justice does not have a record of a signature sentence on the case.
Panama Papers.
Bertucci was linked to the leakage of the Panama Papers in 2016. According to a series of emails delivered to the German newspaper "Süddeutsche Zeitung" consulted for an investigation by journalist Katherine Pennacchio, Bertucci contacted the law firm Mossack Fonseca to be the president of Stockwin Enterprises Inc, a company created in Panama on January 3, 2012, with a capital investment of five million dollars dedicated to the purchase and sale of inputs, mainly the importation of raw materials from the food sector.
Desiré Obadia, an intermediary client of the company and the person in charge of negotiating with Mossak Fonsecca, denied that the transaction had been completed, stating that in order to import an import license and Cadivi dollars (National Center for Foreign Commerce) were needed, and that neither of the two were obtained. During the investigation, attempts were made to contact Bertucci on several occasions, but no response was received until five days after the report was published, when Bertucci explained that the initiative did not materialize and that he did not have the resources to possess accounts in tax havens.
Both the intermediary of Mossack Fonseca and Bertucci denied the accusations and rejected the investigative work done by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists. The journalist was subjected to cyberbullying and attacks on social networks headed by Bertucci himself.
Political career.
In January 2018 he announced his presidential candidacy, in which he referred to his desire to be "the light among the darkness," to seek to electoral victory over Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro, and to affect change in the country.
As the Venezuelan constitution establishes a secular requirement for those running for office, Bertucci had to leave his occupation as a pastor.
Among his proposals as a candidate is the lifting of exchange control. He has also declared that he would not govern with Chavismo or with the opposition. He has additionally expressed his desire to implement Sunday radio and television channels using the Bible, and converting Venezuelans into "devotional" Christians, and to implement "Christian values". He has positioned himself against same-sex marriage and is in favor of abortion only in medical cases or that compromise the life of the mother.

</doc>
<doc id="56835222" url="?curid=56835222" title="Hamilton Serbia">
Hamilton Serbia


</doc>
<doc id="56835223" url="?curid=56835223" title="Alex Markovic">
Alex Markovic


</doc>
<doc id="56835232" url="?curid=56835232" title="Independence of Chad">
Independence of Chad


</doc>
<doc id="56835234" url="?curid=56835234" title="Siege of Nubl and Al-Zahraa">
Siege of Nubl and Al-Zahraa


</doc>
<doc id="56835246" url="?curid=56835246" title="Bob Bryan (geologist)">
Bob Bryan (geologist)

Robert (Bob) Bryan, AM, is an Australian geologist who worked extensively in outback Queensland and Western Australia early in his career and has had a long term involvement in the property and mining industries in Australia and South East Asia. His lifelong achievements in mining in Australia were recognised when he was inducted into the Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame in 2009 and the award of an honorary doctorate from the University of Queensland in 2010.
History.
Robert Bryan is the son of Walter Heywood Bryan, a former Professor of Geology and Mineralogy at the University of Queensland.
In 1983 Bryan founded Pan Australian Mining Ltd (now the $740 million Pan Australian Resources) and, as managing director, oversaw the development of a major gold mine at Mount Leyshon, near Charters Towers in Queensland. He was also chairman of Highlands Pacific, a mineral explorer in Papua New Guinea. Bryan became the first honorary life member of the then Queensland Mining Council (QMC) in November 1995. His membership was on the recommendation of the Executive Committee which referred to Bryan’s personal contribution to the formation of the Council. Bryan was involved in 18 months of discussions and negotiations to bring about the merger of the Queensland Coal Association and the Queensland Chamber of Mines in 1991. Bryan is also a founding Director of the Sustainable Minerals Institute and the Bryan Research Centre within the University of Queensland. He achieved considerable success in the role of founding chairman for the Queensland Gas Company. In an article, “I’m Going Sailing”, in The Deal, December 2008, Bryan wrote:"The trick was to find thick coal seams where the gas could accumulate… from years of drilling in the Surat Basin… I knew of a number of drilling rigs that had caught fire after encountering gas. Safety procedures were pretty rudimentary then. The drillers would smoke when it took their fancy. Up would come the gas, and bang went the rig. We identified where half a dozen rigs had been lost over the years. It was a rather crude prospecting tool, but it worked."Bryan formed a partnership with Dick Groves, a consultant geologist and his partner Bob Bell, and after a shaky start (described as "far more ideas than money"), Bryan recruited Richard Cottee as managing director. The company's value rose from a market cap of less than $20 million to $5.6 billion in eight years to become a leading coal seam gas producer in Queensland.
Bob’s private company, Leyshon Pty Ltd is now focussing on property funds management, investment and development.

</doc>
<doc id="56835252" url="?curid=56835252" title="Michael Wazowski">
Michael Wazowski


</doc>
<doc id="56835255" url="?curid=56835255" title="Obeth Kandjoze">
Obeth Kandjoze

Obeth Mbuipaha Kandjoze (born August 9, 1966 in Windhoek) is a Namibian politician of the ruling SWAPO Party. He has been Minister of Mining and Energy in the Hage Geingob Cabinet since 2015. In a Cabinet reshuffle in February 2018 he swapped positions with Tom Alweendo and is since the and has been Minister in charge of the National Planning Commission.
Kandjoze has worked for the National Petroleum Corporation of Namibia since 1999 and was its CEO from 2012. He holds a Master of Science degree in geology from the University of Helsinki, Finland, a Bachelor of Science degree, also in geology, from the University of Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="56835259" url="?curid=56835259" title="Yvonne Rogers">
Yvonne Rogers

Yvonne Rogers is a British psychologist and computer scientist. She is the director of The University College London Interaction Centre at University College London. She has authored or contributed to more than 250 publications. Her book "Interaction Design: Beyond Human-Computer Interaction" written with Jenny Preece and Helen Sharp (5th Edition, 2019) has sold more than 150,000 copies worldwide and has been translated into six other languages. Her work is described in Encounters with HCI Pioneers: A Personal History and Photo Journal.
Early life.
She earned her B.A. in Psychology from University of Wales in 1982, M.S. Ergonomics from University College London in 1983, and Ph.D. in Human-Computer Interaction from University of Wales in 1988. She was a professor of school of Cognitive and Computing Sciences at Sussex University from 1992-2003, Professor in Informatics from 2003-2006 at Indiana University, and Professor of HCI at Open University from 2006-2011. She is professor and director of The University College London Interaction Centre at University College London. She was Principal Investigator and Co-Investigator of 27 research grants from EPSRC, ESRC, AHRC, EU and NIH. She is known for her work on iconic interface to behavioral change, and a research agenda of user engagement in ubiquitous computing.
Works.
Rogers was a principal investigator for the ICRI project in collaboration with Intel. She led projects such as Visualising Mill Road, where they collected community data and visualized it as street art, and the Tidy Street project, visualising energy usage and efficiency from power meters. From 2000 to 2007, Rogers contributed to the UK Equator Project as a principal investigator, researching the relationship between physical and digital user experiences. One of the projects was "Ambient Wood", encouraging children to explore biological processes in a forest using wireless probes.
Rogers worked on a project using ambient light to nudge people to take the stairs rather than the elevator. She worked on the Lambent Shopping Trolly Project, building a lambent display that clips onto any shopping trolley to nudge buying decisions.
She worked on an AR project to "try on" makeup and see how this AR influences buying decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="56835265" url="?curid=56835265" title="Quillehuyte County, Washington">
Quillehuyte County, Washington

Quillehuyte County was a Washington Territory county from January 29, 1868 to 1869. It and Ferguson County are the only two counties of the territory (now the State of Washington) that dissolved, although the Washington Territorial Legislature attempted to dissolve Skamania County in January 1865, but was overruled by the United States Congress. Additionally, some Washington counties have been renamed since their formation; Sawamish County (from a Salish people's name) was renamed to Mason in 1864 for example.
The county was probably named for the Quileute people, also taken for the Quillayute River, airport, etc. with varying spellings due to transliteration of their name from the Chimakuan language. Creation of the county from the western half of Jefferson and a portion of Clallam county (also formed from Jefferson County in 1854) may have been intended to strengthen American land claims and to encourage the Quileute people to vacate to newly established (1855) Quinault reservation.
Because it was never organized, it is impossible to say what the county seat was intended to be. The largest populated place in the former county is Forks, population 3,532 in 2010.
Boundaries.
Boundaries were set forth by the Territorial Legislature as follows: from the mouth of Wyatch River (now spelled "Waatch") on Makah Bay (), southeast through Olympic Mountains "along the summit" to , south to Chehalis County boundary (now Grays Harbor County) (), west along Chehalis County boundary to Pacific coast at Queets (), north along Pacific coast to origin.

</doc>
<doc id="56835273" url="?curid=56835273" title="1925 Boston mayoral election">
1925 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1925 occurred on Tuesday, November 3, 1925. Malcolm Nichols, a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and Massachusetts Senate, defeated nine other candidates to be elected mayor.
Many votes were split between three Democratic candidates (Glynn, O'Neil, Coakley), which was a factor in the election of Nichols, a Republican. While municipal elections in Boston have been nonpartisan since 1910; as of 2018, Nichols is the most recent Republican to be elected Mayor of Boston.
In 1918, the Massachusetts state legislature had passed legislation making the Mayor of Boston ineligible to serve consecutive terms. Thus, incumbent James Michael Curley was unable to run for re-election.
Nichols was inaugurated on Monday, January 4, 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="56835276" url="?curid=56835276" title="Airflow in buildings">
Airflow in buildings


</doc>
<doc id="56835318" url="?curid=56835318" title="Georg Weizsäcker">
Georg Weizsäcker

Georg Heinrich von Weizsäcker (born October 10, 1973) is a German economist and currently the Professor for Microeconomic Theory and Applications at the Humboldt University of Berlin. His research interests include microeconomics, experimental economics, financial decision making, game theory and decision theory. In 2017, Weizsäcker's contributions to a better understanding of expectations formation and decisions under uncertainty were awarded the Gossen Prize.
Biography.
Georg Weizsäcker earned a diploma in economics from the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1999, followed by a M.A. and a Ph.D. in business economics from Harvard University in 2004. After his graduation, Weizsäcker worked first as a lecturer, reader and later professor at the London School of Economics (2004-10) and University College London (2010-13). Since 2012, he has worked as professor at Humbold University. In Berlin, he is also engaged in the Graduate Center of the DIW Berlin, whose dean he has been since 2017. In terms of professional service, Weizsäcker performs editorial duties for the journal "Games and Economic Behavior" and "Experimental Economics" and has done so for the "Review of Economic Studies", "Economic Journal" and "Management Science" in the past.
Georg Weizsäcker's partner is fellow economist Dorothea Kübler, with whom he has two children.
Research.
Georg Weizsäcker's research focuses on behavioral and experimental economics. Among the key findings of his research are that

</doc>
<doc id="56835332" url="?curid=56835332" title="Ballard High School (Seattle, Washington)">
Ballard High School (Seattle, Washington)


</doc>
<doc id="56835338" url="?curid=56835338" title="The Center School (Seattle, Washington)">
The Center School (Seattle, Washington)


</doc>
<doc id="56835347" url="?curid=56835347" title="Khalid Bin Mohsen Shaari">
Khalid Bin Mohsen Shaari


</doc>
<doc id="56835355" url="?curid=56835355" title="Georg von Weizsäcker">
Georg von Weizsäcker


</doc>
<doc id="56835356" url="?curid=56835356" title="Lands of Lore (series)">
Lands of Lore (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835359" url="?curid=56835359" title="Improv games">
Improv games


</doc>
<doc id="56835372" url="?curid=56835372" title="Security flaws in the Internet of Things">
Security flaws in the Internet of Things


</doc>
<doc id="56835374" url="?curid=56835374" title="Security vulnerabilities in the Internet of Things">
Security vulnerabilities in the Internet of Things


</doc>
<doc id="56835376" url="?curid=56835376" title="History of the Internet of Things">
History of the Internet of Things


</doc>
<doc id="56835379" url="?curid=56835379" title="Pontiac Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Pontiac Township, Livingston County, Illinois


</doc>
<doc id="56835382" url="?curid=56835382" title="Primeira Camisa FC">
Primeira Camisa FC


</doc>
<doc id="56835385" url="?curid=56835385" title="International Cricket Captain (series)">
International Cricket Captain (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835390" url="?curid=56835390" title="AlternativePress">
AlternativePress


</doc>
<doc id="56835395" url="?curid=56835395" title="Weaponized AI">
Weaponized AI


</doc>
<doc id="56835397" url="?curid=56835397" title="Weaponized artificial intelligence">
Weaponized artificial intelligence


</doc>
<doc id="56835409" url="?curid=56835409" title="Legal status of online poker">
Legal status of online poker


</doc>
<doc id="56835411" url="?curid=56835411" title="Collaboration in German-occupied Poland">
Collaboration in German-occupied Poland

Throughout World War II, Poland was a member of the Allied coalition that fought Nazi Germany. During the German occupation of Poland, some citizens of all its major ethnic groups collaborated with the Germans. Estimates of the number of collaborators vary. Collaboration in Poland was less institutionalized than in some other countries and has been described as marginal. During and after the war, the Polish government in exile and the Polish resistance movement punished collaborators and sentenced to death thousands of them.
Background.
Following the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in March 1939, Hitler sought to establish Poland as a client state, proposing a multilateral territorial exchange and an extension of the German–Polish non-aggression pact. The Polish government, fearing subjugation to Nazi Germany, instead chose to form an alliance with Britain (and later with France). In response, Germany withdrew from the non-aggression pact and, shortly before invading Poland, signed the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact with Soviet Union, safeguarding Germany against Soviet retaliation if it invaded Poland, and prospectively dividing Poland between the two totalitarian powers.
On 1 September 1939 Germany invaded Poland. The German army overran Polish defenses while inflicting heavy civilian losses, and by 13 September had conquered most of western Poland. On 17 September the Soviet Union invaded the country from the east, conquering most of eastern Poland, along with the Baltic states and parts of Finland in 1940. Some 140,000 Polish soldiers and airmen escaped to Romania and Hungary, and later many soon joining the Polish Armed Forces in France. Poland's government crossed over into Romania, later forming a government-in-exile in France and then in London, following the French capitulation. Poland as a polity never surrendered to the Germans.
Nazi authorities annexed the westernmost parts of Poland and the former Free City of Danzig, incorporating it directly to Nazi Germany, and placed the remaining German-occupied territory under the administration of the newly formed "General Government". The Soviet Union annexed the rest of Poland, incorporating its territories into the Belarusian and Ukrainian Soviet republics. Germany's primary aim in Eastern Europe was the expansion of the German "Lebensraum" which necessitated according to Nazi views the elimination or deportation of all non-Germanic ethnicities, including Poles; the areas controlled by the "General Government" were to become "free" of Poles within 15–20 years. This resulted in harsh policies which targeted the Polish population, in addition to the explicit goal of exterminating Polish Jews, which was carried out by Nazi Germany in the occupied Polish territories.
Individual collaboration.
Estimates of the number of individual Polish collaborators vary according to the definition of "collaboration". According to Klaus-Peter Friedrich estimates range from as few as 7,000 to as many as several hundred thousand (including Polish officials employed by the German authorities; Blue Police officers, who were required to serve; compulsory "labor service" workers; members of Poland's German minority; and even Poland's peasantry, which on the one hand was subject to food requisitions by the Germans, and on the other collaborated and benefited financially from the wartime economy and the removal of Jews from the Polish economy for much of the war. Post-war communist Polish propaganda painted the entire non-communist Polish resistance, in particular the Home Army, as "Nazi collaborators".
Czesław Madajczyk estimates that 5% of the population in the General Government actively collaborated, which he contrasts with the 25% who actively resisted the occupation. Historian John Connelly writes that "only a relatively small percentage of the Polish population engaged in activities that may be described as collaboration, when seen against the backdrop of European and world history." However, he criticizes the same population for its indifference to the Jewish plight, a phenomenon he terms "structural collaboration" (see more below).
Political collaboration.
Unlike the situation in most German-occupied European countries where the Germans successfully installed collaborationist governments, in occupied Poland there was no puppet government. The Germans had initially considered the creation of a collaborationist Polish cabinet to administer, as a protectorate, the occupied Polish territories that had not been annexed outright into the Third Reich. At the beginning of the war German officials contacted several Polish leaders with proposals for collaboration, but they all refused. Among those who rejected the German offers were Wincenty Witos, peasant party leader and former Prime Minister; Prince Janusz Radziwiłł; and Stanisław Estreicher, prominent scholar from the Jagiellonian University.
In 1940, during the German invasion of France, the French government suggested that Polish politicians in France negotiate an accommodation with Germany; and in Paris the prominent journalist Stanislaw Mackiewicz tried to get Polish President Wladyslaw Raczkiewicz to negotiate with the Germans, as the French defenses were collapsing and German victory seemed inevitable. Three days later the Polish Government and Polish National Council rejected discussing capitulation and declared they would fight on until full victory over Nazi Germany. A group of eight low-ranking Polish politicians and officers broke with the Polish Government and in Lisbon, Portugal, addressed a memorandum to Germany, asking for discussions about restoring a Polish state under German occupation, which was rejected by the Germans. According to Czeslaw Madajczyk, in view of the low profile of the Poles involved and of Berlin's rejection of the memorandum, no political collaboration can be said to have taken place.
The Nazi racial policies and Germany's plans for the conquered Polish territories, on one hand, and Polish anti-German attitudes on the other, combined to prevent any Polish-German political collaboration. The Nazis envisioned the eventual disappearance of the Polish nation, which was to be replaced by German settlers. In April 1940 Hitler banned any negotiations concerning any degree of autonomy for the Poles, and no further consideration was given to the idea.
Shortly after the German occupation began, pro-German right-wing politician Andrzej Świetlicki formed an organization - the "National Revolutionary Camp" - and approached the Germans with various offers of collaboration, which they ignored. Świetlicki was arrested and executed in 1940. Władysław Studnicki, another nationalist maverick politician and anti-communist publicist, and Leon Kozłowski, a former Prime Minister, each favored Polish-German cooperation against the Soviet Union, but they too were rejected by the Germans.
Security forces.
The main security forces in German-occupied Poland were some 550,000 soldiers and 80,000 SS and police officials sent from Germany.
Blue Police.
In October 1939 the German authorities ordered mobilization of the prewar Polish police to serve under the German "Ordnungspolizei", thus creating the auxiliary "Blue Police" that supplemented the principal German forces. The Polish policemen were to report for duty by 10 November 1939 or face death. At its peak in May 1944, the Blue Police numbered some 17,000 men. Their primary task was to act as a regular police force dealing with criminal activities, but the Germans also used them in combating smuggling and resistance, rounding up random civilians ("łapanka") for forced labor or for execution in reprisal for Polish resistance activities (e.g., the Polish underground's execution of Polish traitors or egregiously brutal Germans), patrolling for Jewish ghetto escapees, and in support of military operations against the Polish resistance.
Polish Criminal Police (Polnische Kriminalpolizei).
The Germans also created a "Polnische Kriminalpolizei".. The Polish criminal police team was trained at the Security Police School and the Security Service of the Reichsführer SS (SD) in Rabka-Zdrój. It's estimated that there were between 1,790 and 2,800 ethnic Poles in the Polish Kripo units. The organization of the Polish Criminal Police was analogous to the organization of the German “"Kriminalpolizei"" and consisted of various police stations. Station 1 dealt with robberies, assaults, murders and sabotage; station 2 - with small thefts; station 3 - with burglary and house thieves; station 4 - moral crimes; station 5 - with internal service, search of Jews in hiding and other wanted persons; station 6 - with registration of wanted persons, station 7 - with forensic technique, and photographic laboratory.
Auxiliary police.
The German General Government tried to form additional Polish auxiliary police units—"Schutzmannschaft Battalion 202" in 1942, and "Schutzmannschaft Battalion 107" in 1943. Very few men volunteered, and the Germans decided on forced conscription to fill their ranks. Most of the conscripts subsequently deserted, and the two units were disbanded. "Schutzmannschaft Battalion 107" mutinied against its German officers, disarmed them, and joined the Home Army resistance.
Some Poles also passed on the side of the Soviet partisans - like Mikołaj Kunicki, Kompanieführer in Schutzmannschaft 104. Poles also served in Byelorussian Auxiliary Police or in "Ypatingasis būrys" - due to the fact that part of Lithuania and Belarus was part of the Second Polish Republic.
In 1944, in the General Government, Germany attempted to recruit 12,000 Polish volunteers to "join the fight against Bolshevism". The campaign failed; only 699 men were recruited, 209 of whom either deserted or were disqualified for health reasons.
Poles in the Wehrmacht.
Following the German invasion of Poland in 1939, many former citizens of the Second Polish Republic from across the Polish territories annexed by Nazi Germany were forcibly conscripted into the Wehrmacht in Upper Silesia and in Pomerania. They were declared citizens of the Third Reich by law and therefore subject to drumhead court-martial in case of draft evasion. Professor Ryszard Kaczmarek of the University of Silesia in Katowice, author of a monograph, "Polacy w Wehrmachcie" (Poles in the Wehrmacht), noted that the scale of this phenomenon was much larger than previously assumed, because 90% of the inhabitants of these two westernmost regions of prewar Poland were ordered to register on the German People's List ("Volksliste"), regardless of their wishes. The exact number of these conscripts is not known; no data exist beyond 1943.
In June 1946, the British Secretary of State for War reported to Parliament that, of the pre-war Polish citizens who had involuntarily signed the "Volksliste" and subsequently served in the German Wehrmacht, 68,693 men were captured or surrendered to the Allies in northwest Europe. The overwhelming majority, 53,630 subsequently enlisted in the Polish Army in the West and fought against Germany to the end of World War II.
Compulsory civilian service (Baudienst).
In May 1940, the Germans instituted a "Baudienst" ("construction service") in several districts of the General Government, as a form of compulsory national service that combined hard labor with Nazi indoctrination. Service was rewarded with pocket money, and in some places it was a prerequisite for occupational training. Starting in April 1942, evasion of "Baudienst" service was punishable by death. By 1944, "Baudienst" strength had grown to some 45,000 servicemen.
"Baudienst" servicemen were sometimes deployed in support of "aktion"s (roundup of Jews for ), for example to blockade Jewish quarters or to search Jewish homes for hideaways and valuables. After such operations the servicemen were rewarded with vodka and cigarettes. Disobedience while in "service" was punished with commitment to punitive camps.
There were three "Baudienst" branches:
Cultural collaboration.
Film and theater.
In occupied Poland there was no Polish film industry. However, a few former Polish citizens collaborated with the Germans in making films such as the 1941 anti-Polish propaganda film "Heimkehr" (Homecoming). In that film, casting for minor parts played by Polish actors was done by "Volksdeutscher" actor and Gestapo agent Igo Sym, who during the filming, on 7 March 1941, was shot in his Warsaw apartment by the Polish Union of Armed Struggle resistance movement; after the war, the Polish performers were sentenced for collaboration in an anti-Polish propaganda undertaking, with punishments ranging from official reprimand to imprisonment. Some Polish actors were coerced by the Germans into performing, as in the case of Bogusław Samborski, who played in "Heimkehr" probably in order to save his Jewish wife.
During the occupation, feature-film showings were preceded by propaganda newsreels of "Die Deutsche Wochenschau" (The German Weekly Review). Some feature films likewise contained Nazi propaganda. The Polish underground discouraged Poles from attending movies, advising them, in the words of the rhymed couplet, "Tylko świnie siedzą w kinie" ("Only swine go to the movies").
Following the Polish underground's execution of Igo Sym, in reprisal the Germans took hostages and, on 11 March 1941, executed 21 at their Palmiry killing grounds. They also arrested several actors and theater directors and sent them to Auschwitz, including such notable figures as Stefan Jaracz and Leon Schiller.
The largest theater for Polish audiences was Warsaw's "Komedia" (Comedy). There were also a dozen small theaters. Polish actors were forbidden by the underground to perform in these theaters, but some did and were punished after the war. Many other actors supported themselves by working as waiters. Adolf Dymsza performed in legal cabarets and wasn't allowed to perform at Warsaw during a short period after the war. A theater producer Zygmunt Ipohorski-Lenkiewicz was shot as a Gestapo agent.
Press.
The legal press in German-occupied Poland was a German propaganda tool, which Poles called "" ("reptile press"). Many respected journalists refused to work for the Germans; and those writing for the German-controlled press were considered collaborators.
Jan Emil Skiwski, a writer and journalist of extreme National Democrat and fascist orientation, collaborated with Germany, publishing pro-Nazi Polish newspapers in German-occupied Poland. Toward war's end, he escaped advancing Soviet armies, fled Europe, and spent the rest of his life under an assumed name in Venezuela.
Collaboration and the resistance.
The main armed resistance organization in Poland was the Home Army ("Armia Krajowa", or "AK"), numbering some 400,000 members, including Jewish fighters. The Home Army command rejected any talks with the German authorities, but some Home Army units in eastern Poland did maintain contacts with the Germans in order to gain intelligence on German morale and preparedness and perhaps acquire needed weapons. The Germans made several attempts at arming regional Home Army units in order to encourage them to act against Soviet partisans operating in the Nowogródek and Vilnius areas. Local Home Army units accepted arms but used them for their own purposes, disregarding the Germans' intents and even turning the weapons against the Germans. Tadeusz Piotrowski concludes that "[these deals] were purely tactical, short-term arrangements" and quotes Joseph Rothschild that "the Polish Home Army was by and large untainted by collaboration."
The Polish right-wing National Armed Forces ("Narodowe Siły Zbrojne", or "NSZ") – a nationalist, anti-communist organization, widely perceived as anti-Semitic – did not have a uniform policy regarding Jews. Its attitude to them drew on anti-semitism and anti-communism, perceiving Jewish partisans and refugees as "pro-Soviet elements" and members of an ethnicity foreign to the Polish nation. Except in rare cases, the NSZ did not admit Jews, and on several occasions killed or delivered Jewish partisans to the German authorities and murdered Jewish refugees. NSZ units also frequently skirmished with partisans of the Polish communist People's Army ("Armia Ludowa").
At least two NSZ units operated with the acquiescence or cooperation of the Germans at different times. In late 1944, in the face of advancing Soviet forces, the Holy Cross Mountains Brigade, numbering 800-1,500 fighters, decided to cooperate with the Germans. It ceased hostilities against them, accepted their logistical help, and coordinated its retreat to the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. Once there, the unit resumed hostilities against the Germans and on 5 May 1945 liberated the Holýšov concentration camp. Another NSZ unit known to collaborate with the Germans was Hubert Jura's unit, also known as "Tom's Organization", which operated in the Radom district.
The Communist underground (PPR, GL) denounced Home Army operatives to the Nazis, resulting in 200 arrests. The Germans found a Communist printing shop as a result of one such denunciation by Marian Spychalski.
The Holocaust.
Historian Martin Winstone writes that only a minority of Poles took part either in persecuting or in helping Jews. He compares Poland with other occupied countries and asserts the largest part of society was indifferent. Regarding the purported low Polish resolve to save Jews, Winstone writes that this tendency may be partly explained by fear of execution by the Germans. He nevertheless notes that the Germans imposed death sentences for many other acts and quotes Michał Berg: "[Poles] were threatened with death not only for sheltering Jews, but for many other things... [but] they kept right on doing them. Why was it that only helping Jews scared them?" Winstone comments, "it may well be that the risk of hiding a Jew was greater, but that is in itself suggestive since the Germans were not the only danger"; he goes on to explain that Poles who had helped Jews were afraid of repercussions even after liberation.
Sociologist Jan Gross writes that a leading role in the 1941 Jedwabne pogrom was carried out by four Polish men, including Jerzy Laudański and Karol Bardoń, who had earlier collaborated with the Soviet NKVD and were now trying to recast themselves as zealous collaborators with the Germans.
Historian John Connelly wrote that the vast majority of ethnic Poles showed indifference to the fate of the Jews; and that "Polish historiography has hesitated to view [complicity in the Holocaust of Jews] as collaboration... [instead viewing it] as a form of society's 'demoralization'". Klaus-Peter Friedrich wrote that "most [Poles] adopted a policy of wait-and-see... In the eyes of the Jewish population, [this] almost inevitably had to appear as silent approval of the [German] occupier's actions." According to historian Gunnar S. Paulsson, in occupied Warsaw (a city of 1.3 million, including 350,000 Jews before the war), some 3,000 to 4,000 Poles acted as blackmailers and informants ("szmalcownik"s) who turned in Jews and fellow-Poles who provided assistance to Jews. Grzegorz Berendt estimates the number of Polish citizens who participated in anti-Jewish actions as being a "group of dozens of thousands of individuals".
In 2013, historian Jan Grabowski wrote in his book "Hunt for the Jews" that "one can assume that the number of victims of the "Judenjagd" could reach 200,000—and this in Poland alone." The book was praised by some scholars for its approach and analysis, while a number of other historians criticized his methodology for lacking in actual field research, and argued that his "200,000" estimate was too high.
The Lviv pogrom was carried out by the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN), Ukrainian People's Militia and local Ukrainian mobs in the city of Lwów (now Lviv, Ukraine), between June and July 1941, shorty after the German takeover of the city. The pogrom was organized by the German "SS" "Einsatzgruppe C" and OUN leaders under a pretext that the local Jews were co-responsible for the earlier Soviet atrocities in the city. In total, around 6,000 Jews were killed by the Ukrainians, followed by an additional 3,000 executed in subsequent "Einsatzgruppe" killings. The pogrom culminated in the so-called "Petlura Days" massacre, when more than 2,000 Jews were killed.
Collaboration by ethnic minorities.
Germans used the divide and rule method to create tensions within the Polish society, by targeting several non-Polish ethnic groups for preferential treatment or the opposite, in the case of the Jewish minority.
German minority.
During the invasion of Poland in September 1939, members of the German ethnic minority in Poland, which had numbered some 750,000 persons before the war, assisted Nazi Germany in its war effort. The number of Germans in prewar Poland who belonged to pro-Nazi German organizations is estimated at some 200,000, primarily members of "Jungdeutsche Partei", "Deutsche Vereinigung", "Naziverein", and "Deutsche Jugendschaft in Polen". They committed sabotage, diverted regular forces, and committed numerous atrocities against the civilian population. Additionally, German-minority activists helped draw up a list of 80,000 Poles who were to be arrested after the invasion of Poland by German forces; most of those on the list lost their lives in the first few months of the war. "Volksdeutsche" were highly praised by German authorities for providing information on Poland and on Polish activists, which was considered invaluable to the successful military campaign against Poland.
Shortly after the German invasion of Poland, an armed ethnic-German militia, the "Volksdeutscher Selbstschutz", was formed, numbering some 100,000 members. It organized the Operation Tannenberg mass murder of Polish elites. At the beginning of 1940, the "Selbstschutz" was disbanded, and its members were transferred to various SS, Gestapo, and German-police units. The Volksdeutsche Mittelstelle organized large-scale looting of property, and redistributed goods to "Volksdeutsche". They were given apartments, workshops, farms, furniture, and clothing confiscated from Jewish Poles and ethnic Poles. In Gdańsk Pomerania, by 22 November 1939, 30% of the German population (38,279 persons) had joined the "Selbstschutz" (almost all the German men in the region) and had executed some 30,000 Poles.
During the German occupation of Poland, Nazi authorities established a German People's List ("Deutsche Volksliste", or "DVL"), whereby former Polish citizens of German ethnicity were registered as "Volksdeutsche". The German authorities encouraged registration of ethnic Germans, and in many cases made it mandatory. Those who joined were given benefits, including better food and better social status. However, "Volksdeutsche" were required to perform military service for the Third Reich, and hundreds of thousands joined the German military, either willingly or under compulsion.
According to , in 1939 Poland's German minority numbered some 750,000 and constituted the principal citizen collaborators.
Ukrainians and Belarusians.
 
Before the war, Poland had a substantial population of Ukrainian and Belarusian minorities living in her eastern, "Kresy" regions. After the Soviet invasion of eastern Poland on 17 September 1939, those territories were annexed by the USSR. Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941, German authorities recruited Ukrainians and Belarusians who had been citizens of Poland before September 1939 for service in the Waffen-SS and auxiliary-police units, serving as guards in the German-run extermination camps set up by the Nazis in occupied-Poland, and to assist with anti-partisan operations. In District Galicia, the SS Galicia division and Ukrainian Auxiliary Police, made up of ethnic-Ukrainian volunteers, took part in widespread massacres and persecution of Poles and Jews. Also, as early as the September Campaign, the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists ("Orhanizatsiya Ukrayins'kykh Natsionalistiv", or "OUN") had been “a faithful German auxiliary" carrying out acts of sabotage against Polish targets on behest of the Abwehr.
Jewish collaborators.
A minority of Jews chose to collaborate with the Germans. Jews helped the Germans in return for limited freedom, safety and other compensation (food, money) for the collaborators and their relatives. Some were motivated purely by self-interest, such as individual survival, revenge, or greed; others were coerced into collaborating with the Germans.
The "Judenräte" (s. "Judenrat", literally "Jewish council") were Jewish-run governing bodies set up by the Nazi authorities in Jewish ghettos across German-occupied Poland. The Judenräte functioned as a self-enforcing intermediary and were used by the Germans to control the Jewish population and to manage the ghetto's day-to-day administration. The Germans also required Judenräte to confiscate property, organize forced labor, collect information on the Jewish population and facilitate deportations to extermination camps. In some cases, Judenrat members exploited their positions to engage in bribery and other abuses. In the Łódź Ghetto, the reign of Judenrat head Chaim Rumkowski was particularly inhumane, as he was known to get rid of his political opponents by submitting their names for deportation to concentration camps, hoard food rations, and sexually abuse Jewish girls. Tadeusz Piotrowski cited Jewish survivor Baruch Milch who wrote that "Judenrat became an instrument in the hand of the Gestapo for extermination of the Jews... I do not know of a single instance when the Judenrat would help some Jew in a disinterested manner." through Piotrowski cautions that "Milch's is a particular account of a particular place and time... the behavior of Junderat members was not uniform." Political theorist Hannah Arendt stated that without the assistance of the Judenräte, the German authorities would have encountered considerable difficulties in drawing up detailed lists of the Jewish population, thus allowing for at least some Jews to avoid deportation.
The Jewish Ghetto Police ("Jüdischer Ordnungsdienst") were volunteers recruited from among Jews living in the ghettos who could be relied on to follow German orders. They were issued batons, official armbands, caps, and badges, and were responsible for public order in the ghetto. Also, the policemen were used by the Germans for securing the deportation of other Jews to concentration camps. The numbers of Jewish police varied greatly depending on the location, with the Warsaw Ghetto numbering about 2,500, Łódź Ghetto 1,200 and smaller ghettos such as that at Lwów about 500. Historian and Warsaw Ghetto archivist Emanuel Ringelblum described the cruelty of the Jewish Ghetto Police as "at times greater than that of the Germans", concluding that this formation's members distinguished themselves by their shocking corruption and immorality.
In Warsaw, the collaborationist groups Żagiew and Group 13, led by Abraham Gancwajch and colloquially known as the "Jewish Gestapo", inflicted considerable damage on both Jewish and Polish underground resistance movements. Over a thousand such Jewish Nazi collaborators, some armed with firearms, served under the German "Gestapo" as informers on Polish resistance efforts to hide Jews, and engaged in racketeering, blackmail, and extortion in the Warsaw Ghetto. A 70-strong group led by a Jewish collaborator called Hening was tasked with operating against the Polish resistance, and was quartered at the Gestapo's Warsaw headquarters on "ulica Szucha" (Szuch Street). Similar groups and individuals operated in towns and cities across German-occupied Poland — including Józef Diamand in Kraków and Szama Grajer in Lublin. It is estimated that at the end of 1941 and the start of 1942 there were some 15,000 "Jewish Gestapo" agents in the General Government.
Jewish agent-provocateurs were used by the Germans to bait Jews hiding outside of the ghettos, turn them over to the Germans, and occasionally entrap Poles who were helping the Jews. Perhaps the largest of such actions involved agents from the Żagiew network, who falsely promised Jews hiding in Warsaw following its ghetto's liquidation and who held or were hoping to obtain foreign passports a safe place at Hotel Polski; Around 2,500 Jews came out of their hiding places and moved to the hotel, where they have been captured by the Germans. In another, smaller incident in the village of Paulinów, the Germans used a Jewish agent to pose as an escapee looking for a hiding place with a Polish family, after receiving help the agent denounced the Polish family to the Germans, resulting in the deaths of 12 Poles and several Jews who were hiding with the family. Smaller scale provocations were more common, with Jewish agents approaching Polish resistance members asking for fake documents, followed by Gestapo arresting said resistance members.
Some members of Jewish Social Self-Help ("Jüdische Soziale Selbsthilfe"), also known as the Jewish Social Assistance Society, collaborated with Nazi authorities in the deportation of Warsaw Jews to death camps. The group was formed as a humanitarian organization funded by the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, which also supplied it with legal cover, and was allowed to operate within the General Government. Concerned with its lack of effectiveness, and seeing it as a cover for Nazi atrocities, both Jewish and Polish underground movements actively resisted the organization.
Gorals and Kashubians.
The Germans singled out as potential collaborators two ethnographic groups that had some separatist interests: the Kashubians in the north, and the Gorals in the south. They reached out to the Kashubians, but that plan proved a "complete failure". The Germans had some limited success with the Gorals – establishing the "Goralenvolk" movement, which Katarzyna Szurmiak calls "the most extensive case of collaboration in Poland during the Second World War." Overall, however, "when talking about numbers, the attempt to create [a] "Goralenvolk" was a failure... a mere 18 percent of the population took up Goralian IDs... Goralian schools [were] consistently boycotted, and... attempts to create a Goralian police or a Goralian Waffen-SS Legion... failed miserably."
Notable collaborators.
Hubert Jura.
Gestapo agent Hubert Jura vel Herbert Jung, known also by the nickname "Tom", who was of mixed German and Polish ancestry. With his friends, Jura formed a group called Tom's Organization after being expelled from the Home Army due to criminal activity and using German support, strived to take revenge. They managed to insert themselves into the National Armed Forces, with Jura commanding a group of soldiers. In 1944, after the fall of the Warsaw Uprising, members of the Tom Organization came to Częstochowa. "Tom" received a villa from the Germans at Jasnogórska Street, which became the headquarter of the group for a few months. Later in 1944, a group of soldiers of the National Armed Forces commanded by Jura attacked the village of Petrykozy. According to the report from March 9, two Jews hiding there were murdered. After the war, most of the organization's members fled and Jura as well as his former associate, Gestapo member Paul Fuchs operated for the US intelligence network created to work in the newly established countries controlled by the Soviet Union. Later, Jura moved to Venezuela, and in 1993 to Argentina.
Kalkstein and Kaczorowska.
In 1942, Ludwik Kalkstein started to collaborate together with Blanka Kaczorowska for the Gestapo. Kalkstein and Kaczorowska were responsible for the subsequent capture and execution of several high ranking Polish underground Home Army officers, including General Stefan Rowecki. In 1944, Ludwik Kalkstein served in SS (during the Warsaw Uprising). His wife was protected by the Gestapo until the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="56835412" url="?curid=56835412" title="Legal status of online gambling">
Legal status of online gambling


</doc>
<doc id="56835414" url="?curid=56835414" title="Legal status of online currency">
Legal status of online currency


</doc>
<doc id="56835419" url="?curid=56835419" title="Lilo Gloeden">
Lilo Gloeden


</doc>
<doc id="56835430" url="?curid=56835430" title="Academic rigour">
Academic rigour


</doc>
<doc id="56835432" url="?curid=56835432" title="Academic rigor">
Academic rigor


</doc>
<doc id="56835443" url="?curid=56835443" title="English Turn Golf and Country Club">
English Turn Golf and Country Club

The English Turn Golf and Country Club is a private golf course and country club in the southern United States, located in New Orleans, Louisiana. Formerly a venue of the PGA Tour, its par-72 championship course measures from the It is the home course for the Tulane Green Wave college golf teams.
Course history.
Southeast of downtown, the course was designed by Jack Nicklaus for the New Orleans PGA Tour event and opened The event, previously held at Lakewood Country Club, was played at English Turn for sixteen editions (1989–2004), then moved west to TPC Louisiana in 2005. Damage to that course by Hurricane Katrina in late summer caused a one-year return 
For the first edition in 1989, the course was set at and the winner's share was, Tim Simpson was the champion, two strokes ahead of runners-up Greg Norman and Hal Sutton.
Tournaments.
PGA Tour.
The tour event at English Turn went by many names:
Club facilities.
The venue offers chipping and putting practice areas. The facility also has six tennis courts and a junior Olympic-size pool used as the home of a swim team.

</doc>
<doc id="56835450" url="?curid=56835450" title="Independence of Central African Republic">
Independence of Central African Republic


</doc>
<doc id="56835452" url="?curid=56835452" title="Feel Something (Movements album)">
Feel Something (Movements album)

Feel Something is the debut studio album by Movements. It peaked at 21 on the US Alternative Albums chart and 191 on the Billboard 200.
Reception.
"Feel Something" received critical acclaim. "Depth Mag" named the album one of the stand out albums of 2017.
Commercial performance.
The album made #2 on the Billboard's Top New Artist Albums Chart and peaked at #190 on the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="56835454" url="?curid=56835454" title="Rescue of Jews by Poles in World War II">
Rescue of Jews by Poles in World War II


</doc>
<doc id="56835457" url="?curid=56835457" title="Military preparation">
Military preparation


</doc>
<doc id="56835474" url="?curid=56835474" title="Presidio of Monterrey">
Presidio of Monterrey


</doc>
<doc id="56835475" url="?curid=56835475" title="Yirgalem">
Yirgalem


</doc>
<doc id="56835476" url="?curid=56835476" title="Back to Square One (album)">
Back to Square One (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56835478" url="?curid=56835478" title="Yrgalem">
Yrgalem


</doc>
<doc id="56835493" url="?curid=56835493" title="Tanais Archaeological Reserve Museum">
Tanais Archaeological Reserve Museum

Tanais Archaeological Reserve Museum, or the Archaeological Museum-reserve Tanais (), is one of the largest historical and archaeological open-air reserve museum in Russia.
It is also the first archeological reserve museum established in Russia. It is based on the site of the ancient city of Tanais. The city, named after the river Tanais (Don), was founded in its mouth at the confluence to Meotida (Azov Sea). The city of Tanais has played a significant role in the political life of cities of the Northern Black Sea Region and the adjacent areas of the Great Steppe for almost eight centuries.
History.
Tanais was an ancient city founded in early 3rd century BC by Greek colonists. It became an important center in the steppe region in the 2nd to 3rd century AD, but was abandoned by the 5th century. Later settlements were established nearby but the site itself was not covered by later buildings. The site was identified as Tanais in the early 19th century, and archaeological excavations at the site begun in 1853, which continued into the 20th century. 
In 1955, the Academy of Sciences of USSR began a Lower-Don archaeological expedition, which, in collaboration with the Rostov University and the Rostov Museum of Local Lore, began studying the site of the ancient settlement. A little time later, the head of Lower-Don expedition, Dmitry Shelov and deputy director of the Rostov Regional Museum of Local Lore, Sergey Markov initiated the establishment of a reserve museum.
In 1958, the Rostov Regional Executive Committee issued a resolution "On the establishment of Tanais Reserve Museum as a branch of the Rostov Regional Museum of Local History." In 1960, to Tanais Archaeological Reserve Museum was handed over land with the main square of the ancient settlement and the adjacent sections of the necropolis. Soon the construction of the first buildings of the museum was started. On August 1, 1961 the museum was opened and welcomed its first visitors. In 1981, the Rostov Oblast Executive Committee designated the conservation zones of the reserve with an area of 1,200 hectares. In 1990, the museum-reserve became an independent cultural institution. 
Currently, about 40 people work there. A new museum building was built on its territory with the main historical exposition. As a result of excavations, about a tenth of the ancient city, as well as the main territory of the urban necropolis, has been discovered. Visitors can see an open-air exposition, which includes lapidarium and reconstructed ancient buildings (Tanais fortifications, Roman bridge, Meot hut, Polovtsian sanctuary). Museum funds currently number more than 140 thousand units. Unique "Hall of amphora standards" is currently the only collection of open storage of amphoras in Europe.
The Lower-Don archaeological expedition, which since 1993 acquired the status of an international expedition (in collaboration with German Institute of Archeology and the Institute of Archeology of the University of Warsaw), continues to make contribution to the development of the museum-reserve.
In February 2009, Tanais Archaeological Reserve Museum became a candidate to the UNESCO World Heritage List.

</doc>
<doc id="56835494" url="?curid=56835494" title="Eng Ming Ching">
Eng Ming Ching


</doc>
<doc id="56835503" url="?curid=56835503" title="Corry NAS">
Corry NAS


</doc>
<doc id="56835508" url="?curid=56835508" title="Panama City (Navy Base)">
Panama City (Navy Base)


</doc>
<doc id="56835512" url="?curid=56835512" title="Joseph Grima (architect)">
Joseph Grima (architect)

Joseph Grima is a British architect, critic, curator and editor. He is the creative director of Design Academy Eindhoven and co-founder of the design research studio, Space Caviar.
Career.
Grima graduated from Architectural Association in 2003 and then became the curator of the Biennale Interieur in Kortrijk Istanbul Design Biennial and the director of Chicago Architecture Biennial. He also became the director of the Ideas City festival at New Museum.
In 2011, Grima became the editor-in-chief of Domus, and stayed on till 2013. He has also been Director of Storefront for Art and Architecture, NYC and the Artistic Director of Matera; European Capital of Culture 2019. In 2013, together with Tamar Shafrir, Grima founded Space Caviar; an architecture and research studio operating at the intersection of design, technology, politics and the public realm. One of the projects, FOMO algorithm-generated journalism machine, was presented in the 2014 Milan Design Week for automatically creating magazine articles from live speech as well as social media.
Recurring themes in the work of Space Caviar include the impact of media and technology on social relations, and the design of domesticity. As curator of Biennale Interieur, Space Caviar presented a series of works and exhibitions including "The Theatre of Everyday Life" and the film "Fortress of Solitude", which were together poised to ask challenging questions on the past, present and future of the home under the umbrella title "SQM: The Home Does Not Exist".
Grima has held various academic / teaching positions at Strelka Institute, Architectural Association and at Bartlett School of Architecture under Sir Banister Fletcher Visiting Professorship.
In 2017, Grima was appointed as the creative director of Design Academy Eindhoven.
Works.
Some of notable works by Grima include:

</doc>
<doc id="56835514" url="?curid=56835514" title="Navy Base (Panama City)">
Navy Base (Panama City)


</doc>
<doc id="56835520" url="?curid=56835520" title="Pt. Hueneme">
Pt. Hueneme


</doc>
<doc id="56835527" url="?curid=56835527" title="Bruce Wharton">
Bruce Wharton

D. Bruce Wharton served as the acting United States' Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs from December 8, 2016 to July 2017. He was preceded by Richard Stengel and succeeded by Steve Goldstein. He was the 2011 recipient of the Edward R. Murrow Award for Excellence in Public Diplomacy.
A graduate of the University of Texas in Austin, Wharton was the U.S. Ambassador to Zimbabwe from September 2012 to November 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56835529" url="?curid=56835529" title="Etta Jones Sings">
Etta Jones Sings

Etta Jones Sings (aka "Etta Jones Sings with Junior Mance and Kenny Burrell") is an album by jazz vocalist Etta Jones which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Roulette label.

</doc>
<doc id="56835538" url="?curid=56835538" title="United States Navy Seabee">
United States Navy Seabee


</doc>
<doc id="56835540" url="?curid=56835540" title="Andréa Guiot">
Andréa Guiot

Andréa Guiot (11 January 1928 – 15 February 2021) was a French operatic soprano. A long-term member of the Paris opera houses, she was known internationally for leading roles especially in the French repertoire, such as Gounod's Mireille and Marguerite, Massenet's Manon and Micaëla in Bizet's "Carmen". She appeared as Micaëla when "Carmen" was first performed at the Opéra de Paris in 1959, and as Mireille in the 1000th performance of the opera at the Opéra-Comique. She performed in the world premiere of Poulenc's "Dialogues des Carmélites" at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in 1965. Among her many recordings, the 1964 "Carmen" conducted by Georges Prêtre, with Maria Callas in the title role and Nicolai Gedda as her lover, brought her lasting fame. She appeared at major opera house in France, Europe, and the Americas. After retiring from the stage, she was a voice teacher at the Conservatoire de Paris, succeeding Janine Micheau, her own former instructor.
Life.
Born in Garons (Gard), she was exposed to opera at the Arena de Nimes at age four or five, as she remembered in a 2013 interview. Guiot studied voice with the tenor Marcello Santalouna for three years, and continued her studies of voice and opera at the Conservatoire de Paris for four years, with teachers including Janine Micheau. She won first prizes in both subjects.
She made her stage debut at the Opéra de Nancy in 1955 as Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust", preparing the role simultaneously to her studies. She then joined the Opéra-Comique in Paris where she first appeared as Antonia in Offenbach's "Les contes d'Hoffmann" in 1956. She remained with the company from 1957 to 1972, performing the title roles of Gounod's Mireille and Marguerite, Massenet's Manon, Micaëla in Bizet's "Carmen" and Mimi in Puccini's "La bohème", among others. She appeared as Mireille in the 1000th performance of the opera at the house in 1963. From 1959 onwards, she was also a member of the Opéra de Paris, where her first performance was again Marguerite. When "Carmen" was first performed at the house in 1959, she appeared as Micaëla alongside Jane Rhodes in the title role. She performed at the opera house until 1978, with Mimi among her last roles.
Guiot was in demand to perform her French leading roles internationally. In 1961, she was a guest as Mireille at the Wexford Festival in Ireland, in the same role at the Festival of Orange in 1964. She performed in Baalbek in 1962. She appeared as Marguerite at the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 1963, at the Scottish Opera Glasgow in 1964, in 1965 at the Vienna State Opera, the San Antonio, at the Philadelphia Opera.
She performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City in a concert performance of Poulenc's "Dialogues des Carmélites", and took part in the staged world premiere of the opera at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in 1965, returning for Euridice in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice" the following year. She frequently performed at the Opéra du Rhin in Strasbourg, especially in Italian repertoire, as Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello" in 1973, as Puccini's Madama Butterfly in 1974, as Elisabetta in Verdi's "Don Carlos" in 1975, and the same year as Micaëla at the Jersey State Opera in Newark. In France she sang regularly at major opera houses such as Bordeaux, Nice, Toulouse and Vichy. Other roles were Fiordiligo in "Così fan tutte" and Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", Marzelline in Beethoven's "Fidelio", Juliette in Gounod's "Roméo et Juliette", Verdi's La traviata and Alice Ford in "Falstaff", Teresa in "Benvenuto Cellini" by Berlioz and Liu in Puccini's "Turandot".
Guiot officially retired from the stage in Strasbourg in 1975, as Elisabetta. From 1977, she was a professor at the Conservatoire de Paris, succeeding her teacher Janine Micheau, where the soprano Valérie Millot was among her students. She also taught in Lyon, Marseille, Montpellier, Strasbourg and Toulouse. She was a Chevalier in the Ordre national du Mérite and Commandeur of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
Guiot died from COVID-19 in Nîmes at age 93 during the pandemic in France.
Recordings.
Guiot's 1964 recording of "Carmen", conducted by Georges Prêtre, with Maria Callas in the title role and Nicolai Gedda as Don José, was included in 2007 in a CD "Maria Callas Opera Highlights". A reviewer described her as "a bright-toned but pleasing Micaela". A reviewer who compared recordings of "Carmen" in 2017, wrote her performance on a very French version that "she gives Micaëla the gutsy profile she too often lacks, especially in her main aria which she delivers in a big, slightly edgy and very positive manner rather than the usual wilting appeal, and I like it."

</doc>
<doc id="56835545" url="?curid=56835545" title="Cross-country skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 1.5 km sprint classical">
Cross-country skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 1.5 km sprint classical

The men's 1.5 kilometre sprint classic competition of the 2018 Winter Paralympics was held at Alpensia Cross-Country and Biathlon Centre in Pyeongchang. The competition took place on 14 March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56835547" url="?curid=56835547" title="Regent Park, Kolkata">
Regent Park, Kolkata

Regent Park is a neighbourhood of South Kolkata, in West Bengal, India.
Geography.
Police district.
Regent Park police station is in the South Suburban division of Kolkata Police. It is located at 45/D/2A, Moore Avenue, Kolkata-700040.
Patuli Women police station has jurisdiction over all police districts under the jurisdiction of South Suburban Division i.e. Netaji Nagar, Jadavpur, Kasba, Regent Park, Bansdroni, Garfa and Patuli.
Jadavpur, Thakurpukur, Behala, Purba Jadavpur, Tiljala, Regent Park, Metiabruz, Nadial and Kasba police stations were transferred from South 24 Parganas to Kolkata in 2011. Except Metiabruz, all the police stations were split into two. The new police stations are Parnasree, Haridevpur, Garfa, Patuli, Survey Park, Pragati Maidan, Bansdroni and Rajabagan.
Education.
GD Birla Centre for Education is an English-medium ICSE school, classes LKG to XII, at 118, NSC Bose Road, Regent Park, Kolkata-700 040. Sports facilities: taekwando, skating, table tennis, chess, basketball. Arrangements for teaching French, German and Mandarin.
The Future Foundation School is an English-medium ICSE school, classes Nursery-XII, at 3 Regent Park, Kolkata-700 040.

</doc>
<doc id="56835549" url="?curid=56835549" title="2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 1.5 km sprint classical">
2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's 1.5 km sprint classical


</doc>
<doc id="56835550" url="?curid=56835550" title="Erich Gloeden">
Erich Gloeden


</doc>
<doc id="56835590" url="?curid=56835590" title="Chung Jae-hee">
Chung Jae-hee

Chung Jae-hee (; born 6 April 1978) is a South Korean badminton player who affiliated with the Samsung Electro-Mechanics. She competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics. Together with Ra Kyung-min, they were the champion at the 1999 All England Open. She and Ra were placed first in the women's doubles world ranking in 2002.
Achievements.
World Championships.
"Women's doubles"
Asian Games.
"Women's doubles"
Asian Championships.
"Women's doubles"
World Junior Championships.
"Girls' doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56835596" url="?curid=56835596" title="Anton Forti">
Anton Forti

Franz Anton Forti (8 June 1790 – 16 July 1859) was an Austrian operatic baritone. He took leading roles in operas by Mozart and Weber, and in revivals of Beethoven's opera "Fidelio". He appeared for many years at the Theater am Kärntnertor, the royal court theatre of Vienna.
Early life and career.
Forti was born in Vienna in 1790, and had lessons in singing and the violin. His musical career began as a viola player in the orchestra of the Theater an der Wien. After his debut as a singer in Eisenstadt, he was appointed in December 1807 by Prince Esterházy as a member of his court musicians.
From 1811 he appeared at the Theater an der Wien. In that year he was in Mozart's "Don Giovanni" in the title role; it was, wrote Carl Ferdinand Pohl, "a part for which his very sonorous voice, commanding presence, and elevated refined style of acting eminently fitted him." In 1813 he appeared as Sarastro in Mozart's "The Magic Flute". His success in this role led to his engagement at the royal court theatre of Vienna, the Theater am Kärntnertor; he was there from May 1814 to April 1828.
On 17 February 1814 he married Henriette Theimer, who had played Zerlina in "Don Giovanni".
Theater am Kärntnertor, and later years.
He appeared as Pizarro in the revivals of Beethoven's opera "Fidelio" in 1818, 1822 and 1824. In 1821 he was in the first production in Vienna of Weber's "Der Freischütz", as Caspar, and he created the role of Lysiart in Weber's "Euryanthe" (1823).
In 1829 Wenzel Robert von Gallenberg became lessee of the Theater am Kärntnertor, and Forti was pensioned. He made successful appearances in Prague, Hamburg and Berlin; after his guest appearance in Berlin in June 1829 he was engaged there at the Königsstädtisches Theater until the end of 1830. From 1831 to 1842 he occasionally appeared again at the royal court theatre in Vienna. "His voice had lost its charm, and his increasing corpulence spoiled his acting," wrote Carl Ferdinand Pohl.
He retired after winning first prize in a public lottery. In later years he withdrew from public life, suffering from an eye ailment. He died in Vienna in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="56835598" url="?curid=56835598" title="Chung Jae Hee">
Chung Jae Hee


</doc>
<doc id="56835616" url="?curid=56835616" title="Buchan Point, Queensland">
Buchan Point, Queensland


</doc>
<doc id="56835622" url="?curid=56835622" title="Glen Boughton">
Glen Boughton

Glen Boughton is a locality in the Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. In , Glen Boughton had a population of 28.
Geography.
Contrary to the Queensland Government's usual guidelines on locality boundaries, Glen Boughton is a locality entirely within another locality (East Trinity). 
The locality is entirely freehold land with approximately half of it developed. The western part of the locality the land is flat (almost at sea level) and is used for farming, predominantly sugarcane. The eastern part of the locality is mountainous rising to approximately 400 metres at the eastern boundary (the Murray Prior Range); it is undeveloped land.
Hills Creek flows from east to west through the locality and after passing through East Trinity has its mouth at the Trinity Inlet.
Although Cairns City is only NW from Glen Boughton, the road distance between them is via Gordonvale as there are no bridges over the Trinity Inlet.
History.
By 1887, Messrs Clayton and John Hill had established a farm called Glen Boughton Estate raising cattle on cultivated grasses and were obtaining dairy cows as Cairns was experiencing increased demand for milk and butter. Their original plan was to grow sugarcane but changes in legislation about the use of Kanaka workers meant they decided to switch to dairying. In 1888 the Glen Boughton farm consisted of of which were cleared with 120 acres being let to a Chinese gardener. They were experimenting with various kinds of fodder crop to see which was most productive on their land. Clayton appears to have left the farm to the sole owernship of John Hill by 1900; John Hill and his wife Mary Jane continued the farm until both had died (1933 and 1948 respectively).
On 11 February 1989 the locality was established and named after the Glen Boughton Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="56835626" url="?curid=56835626" title="2018 Sukma attack">
2018 Sukma attack

On 13 March 2018, at least nine Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were killed and six others were injured when Maoists blew up a mine-protected vehicle with an IED in Sukma district, Chhattisgarh, India.
Background.
The attack came almost eleven days after Indian security personnel killed 10 alleged Naxalites in the forests of Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district on 2 March. It also came almost a year after at least 25 CRPF personnel were killed in one of the deadliest attacks by Maoist rebels.
Incident.
On 13 March 2018, an IED blast occurred when a contingent of CRPF's 212th battalion was patrolling in a mine-protected vehicle in the forest of Kistaram area in Sukma district, Chhattisgarh. At least nine Central Reserve Police Force personnel were killed and six others were injured in the attack. The blast ripped the vehicle apart and some dead bodies were found 20 to 30 feet away from the blast site. The injured were airlifted for treatment in Raipur.
According to Special Director General CRPF D. M. Awasthi, "There were about 11 men in the vehicle. A patrolling party was going from Kistaram to Palodi in an anti-landmine vehicle which was targeted by Naxals with an IED". He said that, "they were only 1km from the nearest camp in Palodi". According to him, "there is an exchange of fire almost on a daily basis. The security forces have been running an aggressive campaign against Naxalites".
The security forces are trying to figure out if the attack was carried out by a single group of Naxals or multiple.
Arrests.
Seven individuals, identified by authorities as Komram Sade, Madkam Joga, Madkam Hindwa, Mandvi Sukka, Madkam Ganga, Vanjam Aayta and Vanjam Singha, have been arrested and are being investigated on suspicion of involvement with the attack. Athhorities assert that all seven members of the "Jan Militia". All are residents of Kistram in Sukma.
Reaction.
Indian President Ram Nath Kovind in a tweet expressed anguish at the attack and saluted the CRPF personnel who lost their lives. He also offered condolences to the bereaved families and stated that, "we remain firm in our resolve to take on and defeat all forms of terrorism".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a tweet saluted the CRPF personnel who were killed in the attack and said that, "the nation stands shoulder to shoulder" with the families and friends of those killed "in this hour of grief".
Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh expressed distress in a tweet. He also expressed condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in Sukma blast and prayed for the speedy recovery of the injured. He further stated that, "I spoke to DG CRPF regarding the Sukma incident and asked him to leave for Chhattisgarh".
Chief Minister of Chhattisgarh Raman Singh condemned the "cowardly attack".
Congress President Rahul Gandhi tweeted that the attack mirrors a "deteriorating internal security situation due to flawed policies". He called the attack "tragic" and expressed condolences to the families of those killed and wished speedy recovery to those injured.

</doc>
<doc id="56835633" url="?curid=56835633" title="Eti Lesmina Tantra">
Eti Lesmina Tantra


</doc>
<doc id="56835637" url="?curid=56835637" title="Glanton railway station">
Glanton railway station

Glanton railway station served the village of Glanton, Northumberland, England from 1887 to 1953 on the Cornhill Branch.
History.
The station opened on 5 September 1887 by the North Eastern Railway. It was situated at the end of an approach road which was on the north side of an unnamed road. After closing to passengers on 22 September 1930, it was downgraded to a public delivery siding on 1 May 1950, before closing to goods on 2 March 1953. The goods shed and three cottages remain near the site of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="56835641" url="?curid=56835641" title="Independence of the Republic of the Congo (Brazzaville)">
Independence of the Republic of the Congo (Brazzaville)


</doc>
<doc id="56835642" url="?curid=56835642" title="Irina Rousliakova">
Irina Rousliakova


</doc>
<doc id="56835649" url="?curid=56835649" title="Italian destroyer Audace">
Italian destroyer Audace

Audace was the name of at least three ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56835651" url="?curid=56835651" title="Diuris brevissima">
Diuris brevissima

Diuris brevissima is a species of orchid which is endemic to New South Wales. It has two folded leaves and up to nine light yellow flowers with reddish-brown markings. It is a poorly known species that has only been recorded in the Blue Mountains.
Description.
"Diuris brevissima" is a tuberous, perennial herb with two linear leaves about long, wide and folded lengthwise. Between two and nine light yellow flowers with reddish-brown markings, about wide are borne on a flowering stem up to tall. The dorsal sepal is erect, broadly egg-shaped, long and wide. The lateral sepals are linear, about long, wide, turned downwards and parallel to each other. The petals have a broad egg-shaped to almost circular blade on a dark coloured stalk. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long and the side lobes are oblong to wedge-shaped, long and wide. There are two ridge-like calli about in the mid-line of the labellum. Flowering occurs in October.
Taxonomy and naming.
In 1939, William Henry Nicholls published a description of "Diuris brevissima" in "The Victorian Naturalist", relying on printed but unpublished colour drawings of Robert D. FitzGerald of a specimen collected at Lawson. However Nicholls did not include a Latin description and therefore did not comply with the rules of nomenclature. In 1942 Nicholls formally described the species in a later edition of "The Victorian Naturalist". The specific epithet ("brevissima") is a Latin word meaning "shortest".
Distribution and habitat.
"Diuris brevissima" is a poorly known species from the Blue Mountains where it grows in forest. Although in his 1939 publication, Nicholls refers to collections of this orchid from Ararat in Victoria, "D. brevissima" does not occur in that state.

</doc>
<doc id="56835652" url="?curid=56835652" title="Independence of Gabon">
Independence of Gabon


</doc>
<doc id="56835653" url="?curid=56835653" title="R116">
R116

R116 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56835655" url="?curid=56835655" title="Maratika Cave">
Maratika Cave


</doc>
<doc id="56835656" url="?curid=56835656" title="Yevgenij Dremin">
Yevgenij Dremin


</doc>
<doc id="56835669" url="?curid=56835669" title="Irish Nationality and Citizenship Act 1956">
Irish Nationality and Citizenship Act 1956


</doc>
<doc id="56835670" url="?curid=56835670" title="Glen Boughton, Queensland">
Glen Boughton, Queensland


</doc>
<doc id="56835676" url="?curid=56835676" title="Porcelain – A Memoir">
Porcelain – A Memoir


</doc>
<doc id="56835679" url="?curid=56835679" title="Online edition">
Online edition


</doc>
<doc id="56835693" url="?curid=56835693" title="Suh hoon">
Suh hoon


</doc>
<doc id="56835701" url="?curid=56835701" title="Hatakeswara">
Hatakeswara

Hatakeswara is a form of the Lord Shiva worshipped by the cult of Lingayat or Veera Pashupatha. There is a temple dedicated to Hatakeswara in Srisailam and many more across the Deccan region of India
Other Legends.
According to the Skanda Purana the Suryavanshi King Dashratha, who was the ruler of Ayodhya had performed a long penance to Lord Vishnu for obtaining heirs. He began his penance by visiting many pilgrim spots in the region of Kartikeyapura starting with Hatakeswara. The site was selected by him because his father Aja had also performed penance at the same spot earlier to appease the goddess and obtained certain Siddhis. After finishing his pilgrimage Dashratha created a massive temple for Lord Vishnu at Hatakeswara and installed an idol of the Lord in it.
In the hundred and second chapter of the text, there is also a mention of Lord Rama visiting Vibhishana to bid him goodbye before leaving the earth after Lakshmana had already attained Samadhi. On his way back, the Pushpaka Vimana refused to move ahead till Lord Rama got out of it and visited the shrine consecrated by his father. After taking bath in the pond in front of the temple, Rama installed a Shiva Linga in memory of his brother Lakshmana and also another one in memory of his wife Sita. Thereafter, he spent a few days at the pilgrim spot of his ancestors and then headed back to Ayodhya.

</doc>
<doc id="56835710" url="?curid=56835710" title="Koje-do Island POW camp">
Koje-do Island POW camp


</doc>
<doc id="56835712" url="?curid=56835712" title="Geoje Island prison camp">
Geoje Island prison camp


</doc>
<doc id="56835726" url="?curid=56835726" title="Sturts Meadows, New South Wales">
Sturts Meadows, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56835728" url="?curid=56835728" title="Mentelity foundation">
Mentelity foundation


</doc>
<doc id="56835733" url="?curid=56835733" title="Andrew Buckland">
Andrew Buckland

Andrew Frederick Buckland (born 4 February 1954 in Zimbabwe) is a South African award-winning playwright, performer, film director, mime, and academic.
Biography.
Born and schooled in Zimbabwe. He is married to actress Janet Buckland. Their son Daniel Buckland is also an actor; another son, Matthew was an Internet entrepreneur and businessman who died in 2019.
Training.
He trained at Rhodes University, graduating in 1979 with a BA Honours in Drama.
Career.
He became a junior lecturer, then joined the Performing Arts Council of the Transvaal (PACT) (1980-1984) as actor. In 1992 Buckland became a member of the First Physical Theatre Company and a lecturer in the Drama Department at Rhodes University. Later senior lecturer and finally professor, Buckland retired from Rhodes University in December 2017.
Contribution to South African theatre.
For PACT he played in, " inter alia", "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "The Importance of Being Earnest" (1982), "Savages", "Tom Jones" and "Bloed in die Strate" (by Harry Kalmer), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1984).
Performed in 
"Romeo and Juliet" (as “Tybalt” with CAPAB),
"Monday After the Miracle" (as “John Macy” with PACT),
"Shrivings" (as “David” with PACT),
"The Runner Stumbles" (Pieter Toerien).
Andrew gradually began to create his own theatre works (including "The Mime", "Stillborn" and "Matches") and in 1987 he and Janet Buckland founded Mouthpeace Theatre in Johannesburg (moving it to Grahamstown in 1992), working closely with their friends Lionel Newton, and director Lara Foot-Newton.
He created a distinctive style of theatre for himself, utilizing the techniques of physical theatre and mime to relate his poetic fantasies. Among his best known works are "Touchstones" (1984), "Pas de Deux", which he had co-written with Soli Philander (1986), the much-admired and multiple award-winning "The Ugly Noonoo" (1988/1989), "Between the Teeth" (1990), "Bloodstream" (with Lionel Newton - 1992), "Feedback" (also with Newton, 1995), "Noisy Walk" (1996), "The Water Juggler" /"The Well Being" (1998), and **** (2001). "Laugh the Buffalo" (2013), directed by Janet Buckland; the ghost of Christmas Present in "Scrooge" (Baxter Theatre, 2013); 2014: "Crazy in Love" (with A Conspiracy of Clowns)
His "The Investigation of an Ugly Noo Noo" was staged at the Warehouse in 1988. "Touchstones", 1984, Grahamstown Festival. "The Ugly Noo Noo": A Trilogy, Market Theatre, 1989. "The Inconvenience of Wings" by Lara Foot in 2016, "Makana on the Island" in 2001 at the Grahamstown Festival.
He starred in David Mamet’s "Speed the Plow" at Upstairs at the Market in 1990, "A Doll's House" at Upstairs at the Market in 1990, in a return run of "The Ugly Noo Noo" at the Market Theatre in 1991.
He directed Soli Philander in Philander’s "Take Two" at the Laager Theatre in Johannesburg in 1991.
Performed in "Love" for Cirque du Soleil in 2009.
He played Hamlet for the SABC in 1983.
His film work includes roles in "Shotdown", "The Schoolmaster", "Dirty Games", "The Good Fascist" and "Quest for Love".
Awards.
Awards include the Standard Bank Young Artist Awards for Drama for "Pas de Deux" (1986), The Scotsman Fringe Award (Edinburgh Festival - 1995) for "Feedback", several Vita Awards, the Fleur du Cap Award for Best New Indigenous Script (1989).

</doc>
<doc id="56835735" url="?curid=56835735" title="Nipitphon Puangpuapech">
Nipitphon Puangpuapech


</doc>
<doc id="56835749" url="?curid=56835749" title="International Centre for Sports Studies">
International Centre for Sports Studies

The International Centre for Sports Studies, known mostly by the initials CIES from the French Centre International d'Etude du Sport, is an independent, research and education organization, located in Neuchâtel, Switzerland,
It had a research group CIES Football Observatory, focusing on statistical studies of football-related issues.
Origin.
CIES was created in 1995 as a joint venture between FIFA, the University of Neuchâtel, and the City and State of Neuchâtel.
Research.
CIES Football Observatory conducts research mostly on players' transfer values and team profiles.
FIFA Master.
CIES organizes and offers a one-year postgraduate sports executive program, endorsed by FIFA, which consists of three modules that are taught across three universities in Europe, and concludes with a final project. The successful conclusion of the program merits the award of FIFA Master International in Management, Law and Humanities of Sport. It was created in 2000 to promote a managerial culture within the sports industry, with the aim to develop the skills of aspiring managers so that they can take on the complex challenges of this industry.
With around 20 nationalities represented in class each year, the FIFA Master provides an international and dynamic learning environment, and focuses on three major and interconnected subject fields: management (SDA Bocconi), law (Neuchâtel) and human sciences (De Montfort). The strengths of the FIFA Master in the key areas of graduate employability, alumni networks, quality of teaching and international appeal has seen the programme named as the top postgraduate sports management course in the world by SportBusiness International in their 2014 rankings. Established in 2000, the FIFA Master scooped the top global award at this year's ceremony, having previously been named as the leading course in Europe by the same rankings from 2012 to 2015. More than 500 international sport management courses and alumni submitted data to the 2014 rankings process.
The Master offers students the chance to meet with top international managers from the world of sport (e.g. clubs, federations, associations, etc.) and to be part of a network of highly relevant contacts. Graduates from the course become members of the FMA (the FIFA Master Alumni Association), which guarantees they will remain in touch with important stakeholders in sport.
De Montfort University.
Humanities of Sport – The first term is taught at the International Centre for Sport History and Culture (ICSHC) at the De Montfort University, Leicester. The ICSHC was established in 1996 and is today widely acknowledged as the leading centre for the study of sports history in the world. The Humanities of Sport modules addresses the birth of modern sport, professionalisation and internationalisation of sport and sport ethics.
SDA Bocconi.
Sport Management – The second term is taught at the SDA Bocconi School of Management, Milan, one of Europe's most prestigious business schools. This term addresses the area of Sports Management and covers topics such as finance, marketing, organization and governance, strategy, business planning, and event management, applied to the context of sport.
Université de Neuchâtel.
Sport Law – The third and final term is taught at the Université de Neuchâtel, Neuchâtel, whose Law Faculty is one of the top law faculties in Switzerland. This term addresses the area of Sports Law and covers topics such as the legal aspects of the private sector of sport, the legal status of the sports person, legal aspects of sport and health, sport business and law, and methods of dispute resolution.
Final project.
The Final Project of the FIFA Master in Management, Law, &amp; Humanities of Sport is seen as an opportunity for postgraduates to conduct original research, demonstrate creativity and independent thinking, as well as to develop and defend their ideas. Working in small research teams, postgraduates develop an inter-disciplinary research project with reference to the course themes of Management, Law and the Humanities of Sport. The final work, which is expected to have an applicable nature to issues faced in world sport, is presented to a specially invited audience of industry and academic experts during a special conference event in Neuchâtel. Previous Final Projects have been implemented directly by sports organizations or by course Alumni in the sports industry.
CIES' postgraduates are examined throughout the FIFA Master in Management, Law, &amp; Humanities of Sport by a variety of assessment methods. These include group assessments, written examinations, oral examinations and research papers. The assessment timetable is devised by each of the three partner universities.
Course patrons.
Every year, the FIFA Master class is supported by a globally recognised patron who has made a profound contribution to sport.

</doc>
<doc id="56835754" url="?curid=56835754" title="St Peters Town Hall">
St Peters Town Hall

The St Peters Town Hall is an Australian heritage-listed town hall located at 101 Payneham Rd, St Peters SA. St Peters is an eastern suburb in Adelaide. It was built in 1927 in the Inter-War Free Classical architectural style by architects J. Campbell &amp; Son, and replaced the 1878 St Peters Town Hall, which was located on the Princes Highway and was resumed by the state government in 1926 for road-widening. The Town Hall was the seat of St Peters Municipal Council from 1927 to 1948 and from 1949 was a branch library and community hall of the Municipality of Marrickville, which absorbed St Peters.
Second St Peters Town Hall.
Designed by J. Campbell &amp; Son, the foundation stone of the town hall was laid by Deputy Mayor Edward Burrows on 16 April 1927. Completed to a cost of £7000, the hall was officially opened by the mayor, George Rowswell, on 3 December 1927.
Heritage listing and conservation.
The Town Hall and its interiors was first listed in 2001 under the Marrickville Local Environment Plan (updated 2011) as "one of the last buildings which commemorates the old Municipality of St Peters."

</doc>
<doc id="56835763" url="?curid=56835763" title="Operation Spreadout">
Operation Spreadout


</doc>
<doc id="56835767" url="?curid=56835767" title="Jane Beryl Wilde Hawking Jones">
Jane Beryl Wilde Hawking Jones


</doc>
<doc id="56835768" url="?curid=56835768" title="Surfacenet">
Surfacenet


</doc>
<doc id="56835771" url="?curid=56835771" title="Catherine Lucy Hawking">
Catherine Lucy Hawking


</doc>
<doc id="56835775" url="?curid=56835775" title="Yasir Arafat Mishu">
Yasir Arafat Mishu


</doc>
<doc id="56835779" url="?curid=56835779" title="Takuma Ito (basketball)">
Takuma Ito (basketball)

 is the former head coach of the Alvark Tokyo in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56835782" url="?curid=56835782" title="Dead of Alive (video game series)">
Dead of Alive (video game series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835783" url="?curid=56835783" title="Dead or Alive (video game franchise)">
Dead or Alive (video game franchise)


</doc>
<doc id="56835784" url="?curid=56835784" title="Salina (genus)">
Salina (genus)


</doc>
<doc id="56835800" url="?curid=56835800" title="Gerald R. Ford Administration">
Gerald R. Ford Administration


</doc>
<doc id="56835804" url="?curid=56835804" title="Parish of Teltawongee">
Parish of Teltawongee

Teltawongee is a remote civil parish located at in Mootwingee County western New South Wales.
The area is semi arid and major features of the Parish include Pancannia Lake and Packsaddle Creek. It gives its name to the Teltawongee beds, geological formation. the parish is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (hot desert).
The parish is east of the Silver City Highway, and the nearest settlement is Packsaddle, New South Wales 2 km to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="56835805" url="?curid=56835805" title="Gerald Ford Administration">
Gerald Ford Administration


</doc>
<doc id="56835816" url="?curid=56835816" title="Cross-country skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 1.5 km sprint classical">
Cross-country skiing at the 2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 1.5 km sprint classical


</doc>
<doc id="56835817" url="?curid=56835817" title="2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 1.5 km sprint classical">
2018 Winter Paralympics - Men's 1.5 km sprint classical


</doc>
<doc id="56835818" url="?curid=56835818" title="Porcelain - A Memoir">
Porcelain - A Memoir


</doc>
<doc id="56835819" url="?curid=56835819" title="Award of Excellence - Promotion of Linguistic Duality">
Award of Excellence - Promotion of Linguistic Duality


</doc>
<doc id="56835837" url="?curid=56835837" title="Józef Pszenny">
Józef Pszenny

Józef Pszenny (born March 17, 1910 in Pruszyn, February 3, 1993 in Chicago) - Polish military commander, sapper captain of Polish Army, head of the Sapper Department of "XII-s" Warsaw District of Home Army.
History.
In 1939 during the September campaign, holding the rank of lieutenant, he commanded the 2nd company of sappers of the 7 Sapper Battalion. During the German occupation of Poland, he was the creator of the underground sabotage group "Batalion Saperów Praskich" (eng. Praga Sapper Battalion), which was established in 1940, bearing the colloquial name of "Chwacki Battalions". Later, he was the commander of the disposable patrol squad separated in the middle of 1942 from the Sapper's Battalion, and at the same time commanded the line battalion of this branch constituting its staff and technical facilities. At the end of July 1943, "Chwacki" was dismissed to work in the command of the Sapper Department of "XII-s" District Warsaw AK, and his position was taken by Ludwik Witkowski "Kosa".
After the war he was in exile in the United States, where he was active in veteran organizations.
Military service.
Józef Pszenny, as commander of the 3rd patrol of miners, took part in:

</doc>
<doc id="56835844" url="?curid=56835844" title="Cryptographic multilinear map">
Cryptographic multilinear map

A cryptographic formula_1-multilinear map is a kind of multilinear map, that is, a function formula_2 such that for any integers formula_3 and elements formula_4, formula_5, and which in addition is efficiently computable and satisfy some security properties. It has several applications on cryptography, as key exchange protocols, identity-based encryption, and broadcast encryption. There exist constructions of cryptographic 2-multilinear maps, known as bilinear maps, however, the problem of constructing such multilinear maps for formula_6 seems much more difficult and the security of the proposed candidates is still unclear.
Definition.
For "n" = 2.
In this case, multilinear maps are mostly known as bilinear maps or parings, and they are usually defined as follows: Let formula_7 be two additive cyclic groups of prime order formula_8, and formula_9 another cyclic group of order formula_8 written multiplicatively. A pairing is a map: formula_11, which satisfies the following properties:
In addition, for security purposes, the discrete logarithm problem is required to be hard in both formula_15 and formula_16.
General case (for any "n").
We say that a map formula_2 is a formula_1-multilinear map if it satisfies the following properties:
In addition, for security purposes, the discrete logarithm problem is required to be hard in formula_31.
Candidates.
All the candidates multilinear maps are actually slightly generalizations of multilinear maps known as graded-encoding systems, since they allow the map formula_19 to be applied partially: instead of being applied in all the formula_1 values at once, which would produce a value in the target set formula_9, it is possible to apply formula_19 to some values, which generates values in intermediate target sets. For example, for formula_40, it is possible to do formula_41 then formula_42.
The three main candidates are GGH13, which is based on ideals of polynomial rings; CLT13, which is based approximate GCD problem and works over integers, hence, it is supposed to be easier to understand than GGH13 multilinear map; and GGH15, which is based on graphs.

</doc>
<doc id="56835849" url="?curid=56835849" title="2018 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament">
2018 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2018 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 81st annual NAIA basketball tournament features 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. The opening game round started on March 14, and the National Championship Game was played on March 20. As of 2018, 576 schools have participated in the NAIA Men's Tournament. 48 states, all but Alaska and Wyoming have been represented.
The Tournament Final saw the Graceland Yellowjackets beat the Generals of LSU–Alexandria 83 to 80 in overtime, with the winning 3-point basket made from the right sideline as the game clock expired. It was the first overtime final since 2016, and the ninth overtime final in tournament history. This was Graceland University’s first appearance in the national tournament, and first championship. LSU Alexandria also marked its first appearance in the tournament. The most recent previous first appearance champion was Dalton State (Ga.) in 2015. Graceland became the first team with double-digit losses to win the title since John Brown (Ark.) in 2005. Graceland was the first team from the Heart of America Athletic Conference to compete in the championship final.
Including the 2018 championship, the last 11 national champions have been different, with Texas Wesleyan taking the 2017 trophy. Six of those champions in the last nine years – Mid-America Christian, Dalton State (Ga.), Vanguard (Calif.), Pikeville (Ky.), Rocky Mountain (Mont.) and Graceland – were winners for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="56835852" url="?curid=56835852" title="Timeline of the war in Donbass (January 2018–present)">
Timeline of the war in Donbass (January 2018–present)


</doc>
<doc id="56835859" url="?curid=56835859" title="Aana Marutha">
Aana Marutha

Aana Marutha () is mythological figure popular in Kerala state of India. Aana Marutha is often depicted as a bloodsucking evil spirit. She is known for her lusty quest and erotic pranks.

</doc>
<doc id="56835861" url="?curid=56835861" title="Witchcraft (John Abercrombie album)">
Witchcraft (John Abercrombie album)

Witchcraft is a studio album by American jazz guitarist John Abercrombie with Canadian bassist/pianist Don Thompson that was recorded in Toronto in 1986 and released by Justin Time in 1991.
Reception.
Dan Cross of Allmusic stated: 

</doc>
<doc id="56835862" url="?curid=56835862" title="Fantasy fanzine">
Fantasy fanzine


</doc>
<doc id="56835871" url="?curid=56835871" title="Lisa Stawiarski">
Lisa Stawiarski


</doc>
<doc id="56835875" url="?curid=56835875" title="National Auditorium (Cape Verde)">
National Auditorium (Cape Verde)

The National Auditorium (Portuguese: Auditório Nacional) is a public building on Av. Cidade de Lisboa in Praia, capital of Cape Verde, completed in 2015. It was constructed with state investment by China. It is on the west side of the National Library of Cape Verde.

</doc>
<doc id="56835885" url="?curid=56835885" title="Fairfield Experiment">
Fairfield Experiment

The Fairfield experiment was an experiment in industrial relations carried out at the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Glasgow during the 1960s. The experiment was agreed by George Brown, the First Secretary in Harold Wilson's cabinet, in 1966. The company was facing closure, but Brown agreed to provide £1 million to enable the Trade Unions, the management and the shareholders to try out new ways of industrial management.
"The Bowler and the Bunnet".
"The Bowler and the Bunnet" was a film directed by Sean Connery and written by Cliff Hanley about the Fairfield Experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="56835886" url="?curid=56835886" title="2018 Champion Hurdle">
2018 Champion Hurdle

The 2018 Champion Hurdle was a horse race held at Cheltenham Racecourse on Tuesday 13 March 2018. It was the 88th running of the Champion Hurdle.
Eleven horses started the race. The winner of the race for the second year in a row was Buveur d'Air, a seven year old French-bred British-trained racehorse ridden by Barry Geraghty and trained by Nicky Henderson. 

</doc>
<doc id="56835902" url="?curid=56835902" title="Auditório Nacional">
Auditório Nacional


</doc>
<doc id="56835915" url="?curid=56835915" title="Birgit Remmert">
Birgit Remmert

Birgit Remmert (born 4 September 1966) is a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto who has appeared in major European opera houses, concert halls and festivals. She has performed title roles such as Dalila, Penthesilea, and Iokaste in an opera composed for her.
Career.
Born in Braunschweig, Remmert took voice lessons from age 17. She studied at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold with Helmut Kretschmar. As a student, she achieved several prizes at international competitions.
Remmert was from 1992 to 1998 a member of the ensemble of the Opernhaus Zürich, where she appeared as Farnace in Mozart's "Mitridate, re di Ponto", as Ulrica in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera", as Mrs. Quickly in his "Falstaff", in the title role of "Samson et Dalila" by Saint-Saëns, as Suzuki in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly", as Zita in his "Gianni Schicchi", and as Orlofski in "Die Fledermaus" by Johann Strauss, among others.
She performed at the Salzburg Festival the role of the Nutrice in Monteverdi's "L'incoronazione di Poppea" in 1993, in Purcell's "King Arthur" in 2004, and as Ježibaba in Dvořák's "Rusalka" in 2008. She appeared in Europe, at the Festival Montpellier in 1998, singing the title role of Schoeck's "Penthesilea" in a concert version, at the Bayreuth Festival in 2000 and 2001 in the role of Fricka in Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen", at the Semperoper in Dresden where she was Fricka, Erda and Waltraute in the Ring Cycle of 2001 to 2004, at the Teatro Real Madrid as Ortrud in his "Lohengrin" in 2005), and at La Fenice in Venice as Gaea in "Daphne" by Richard Strauss the same year.
In Zurich, she appeared as Juno in a new production of Handel's "Semele" in 2009. The same year, she was the Nurse in "Die Frau ohne Schatten" by Richard Straussstaged by David Pountney and conducted by Franz Welser-Möst. Composer Stefan Heucke wrote an opera for her, "Iokaste", which premiered at the Ruhrfestspiele in June 2014. The only character, Iocaste, mother and wife of Oedipus, is portrayed by an actress and a singer, to present Iocaste's view on the tragic development as an inner monologue.

</doc>
<doc id="56835916" url="?curid=56835916" title="Auditorio Nacional (Mexico City)">
Auditorio Nacional (Mexico City)


</doc>
<doc id="56835923" url="?curid=56835923" title="National Treasure (TV series)">
National Treasure (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56835934" url="?curid=56835934" title="National Treasure (TV program)">
National Treasure (TV program)


</doc>
<doc id="56835936" url="?curid=56835936" title="Rattlesnake Mountain, Benton County, Washington">
Rattlesnake Mountain, Benton County, Washington


</doc>
<doc id="56835938" url="?curid=56835938" title="Upper Dalmatia">
Upper Dalmatia


</doc>
<doc id="56835939" url="?curid=56835939" title="Lower Dalmatia">
Lower Dalmatia


</doc>
<doc id="56835955" url="?curid=56835955" title="Brunnbach (München)">
Brunnbach (München)


</doc>
<doc id="56835966" url="?curid=56835966" title="James E. Cutting">
James E. Cutting

James Eric Cutting is an American cognitive scientist and researcher. He is the Susan Linn Sage Professor emeritus in the Department of Psychology at Cornell University. He is known most recently for his research studying how the structure of movies in American cinema has evolved over the years, in terms of physical attributes and narratives. Cutting is also known for his research on the mere exposure effect, on navigation and wayfinding, and biological motion.
Over the last four decades Cutting's research has revolved around various aspects of perception. He has conducted research on the perception of cinema, perception of depth and layout, and art and perception. His research interests also include high and popular culture. He has published over 150 scientific papers and four books. From 2003 to 2007, he served as the editor of the journal "Psychological Science".
Education and early career.
Cutting graduated with a BA in Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1969 and a PhD in Psychology from Yale University in 1973. After completing his PhD, he taught at Yale and a year later, he went to Wesleyan University. In 1980, Cutting joined the Cornell faculty as an associate professor in the Psychology department. In 1977-78, he was a visiting scholar at Stanford University and in 1983-84 a visiting scientist at the Atari Sunnyvale Research Laboratory.
Later career.
While still teaching at Cornell, Cutting was a visiting scholar at University of Arizona, the University of Padova, the CNRS in Paris and the University of Trieste. He was the editor of "" from 1987 to 1993. In 1993, he was awarded a John Simon Guggenheim fellowship. He used the grant to study the perception of depth and subsequently wrote, Perceiving Layout and Knowing Distances: The Interaction, Relative Potency, and Contextual Use of Different Information About Depth, a chapter in the 1995 book "Perception of Space and Motion".
Cutting was named the Susan Linn Sage Professor of Psychology in 2013. He served as the chair of the Department of Psychology at Cornell from 2011 to 2016, and retired in 2020.
Cutting is a charter fellow of the Association for Psychological Science, a fellow of the American Psychological Association, a fellow of the Society for Cognitive Studies of the Moving Image, and a fellow of Society of Experimental Psychologists, where he was also the chair from 2003 to 2004.
Research and writing.
Auditory and visual perception.
At the beginning of his career, Cutting's research interests revolved around speech perception. In 1975, he co-edited the book "The Role of Speech in Language". In late 1970s, he developed a research interest in biological motion, on which he wrote multiple articles through the early 1980s. At this time, his research interest began to other aspects of visual perception including perception of shapes, objects, depth, and motion. He published several papers on these subjects and in 1986 wrote the book, "Perception with an Eye for Motion". Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, visual perception remained the subject of most of his research.
Impressionism and Mere Exposure effect.
In the 1990s, Cutting began spending time at the Fine Arts Library at Cornell, where he studied books about French Impressionist paintings. He collected images, counted them, catalogued them, and later used them for an experiment on mere exposure effect, the theory that the more times one is exposed to something, the more one prefers it over something similar but less familiar. To study this effect, Cutting inserted the pictures of French impressionist paintings into his power point slides over the course of many class lectures. At the end of the semester, he tested the students and found that they preferred the more frequently published pictures over the more obscure ones. The next year in the same class, he showed the better-known paintings only once, and more obscure ones four times each. At the end of the year, the students were again tested and preferred the more obscure and more common ones equally.
This pair of studies led Cutting to study the effect in more detail. He concluded in a 2003 paper "that artistic canons are promoted and maintained, in part, by a diffuse but continual broadcast of their images to the public by museums, authors, and publishers. The repeated presentation of images to an audience without its necessarily focused awareness or remembrance makes mere exposure a prime vehicle for canon formation." He published several other papers on the subject of why people prefer a certain piece of art over the other.
In 2006, Cutting his book "Impressionism and Its Canon" was published, exploring the connections between high and popular culture.
Evolution of Hollywood films.
After finishing his editorship of "Psychological Science" in 2006, Cutting continued his interest in popular culture and focused on how Hollywood movies have evolved over the years, studying their structure, physical attributes, and narratives. Cutting and his graduate students used scientific tools and techniques to study 100 years of film, 1915 to 2015, shot by shot. As part of the research, they studied over 300 popular, English-language movies across many different genres. Through their research, Cutting and his students showed that, compared to older movies, contemporary movies have more motion, shorter shot durations, shorter scenes, fewer dissolves, more closeups, fewer characters per frame, less clutter, more parallel action, and higher contrast, all of which help to hold the viewers’ attention, which generally follows a pattern of pink noise.
Throughout last decade the perception of movies has remained Cutting's main research interest. A study published in 2018 by Cutting and his students, showed that filmmakers have adapted the patterns of shot durations, motion, sound amplitude, and scene durations to match better the fluctuation in people's natural patterns of attention. In another study in the domain, Cutting studied how clutter in a shot affected the ability of the viewer to recognise the emotion of the actor. His book "Movies on Our Minds" appeared in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56835968" url="?curid=56835968" title="Rita E. Kelly">
Rita E. Kelly


</doc>
<doc id="56835970" url="?curid=56835970" title="Tarakany!">
Tarakany!

Tarakany! (previously Chetyre Tarakana "The 4 Cockroaches") is a Russian punk rock band based in Moscow. Formed in 1991, the band has released 14 studio albums, 5 live albums, and several splits and compilations. The band has repeatedly toured Russia and other CIS countries, as well as Europe, Japan, Israel, Georgia, and Kazakhstan.
Tarakany! is one of the few Russian rock bands to create original music in both Russian and English.
History.
Early Years (as Chetyre Tarakana, 1991–1997).
The band was formed in Moscow in 1991, six months before the fall of communism and dissolution of the Soviet Union.
The band's original line-up was:
All founders were 15–16 years old, and three of them were classmates.
In 1991, the band released their first demo, "Crazy Boys" (which was only distributed through underground channels and has still never been officially released), hence becoming a part of the Moscow Rock Laboratory.
Together with such punk acts as PoGo, Va-Bank, Naïve, Distemper and others, the band helped formed the Moscow underground scene during those years. Despite the absence of any method of underground music marketing or distribution like those found in Western Europe and the United States (independent labels, distro, zines, clubs), these bands laid the foundation for a future developed punk scene with all its typical attributes.
In 1992, they released their debut album, "Duty Free Songs", featuring tracks in both English and Russian performed by their new vocalist, Denis Petukhov. At that time, the band's style and sound was influenced by the Sex Pistols, Ramones, and The Clash. Their lyrics were mainly about street punk romance, alcohol, drugs, sex, and hanging out.
The album was released by the band members independently, and distributed exclusively on cassettes.
...the sound is thich—at times even somewhat metallic ("Time Has Passed"), and sometimes mainstream ("Home Sweet Home"); the piano sounds are very pleasing. 5 of 11 tracks are in English... Some stuff sounds monotone ("Chetyre Tarakana"), while others are melodic ("Krysa").
"FUZZ" No. 6 (45), June 1997
In 1993, the band suspended their activities for 1.5 years due to Dmitry ‘Sid' Spirin's imprisonment for drug possession.
Two years later, they recorded the new album, "Best Before", entirely in English. Dmitry Spirin replaced Denis Petukhov as Tarakany!'s singer. The album's sound and songwriting were influenced by bands like Ramones, Buzzcocks, and Generation X. The lyrics were devoted to personal values, opposition to the majority, and being lonely and far away from home. The album's track, "Farewell Majority", was aired several times on special programmes at Radio Maximum, a popular Moscow rock radio station. The music video "Don't Come" found its way on some music TV programmes.
Also, this was the first time when the band's records were reviewed by major American punk-zines. Moreover, the band gave a big interview to Maximum Rocknroll.
FeeLee Records.
Between 1995 and 1997, Chetyre Tarakana were frequenters in Moscow and St. Petersburg clubs and attracted the attention of FeeLee record company. In 1997, the band released their first album on FeeLee records titled "Ukral? Vypil?! V Tyurmu!!!" where they somewhat changed their stylistics, mixing a classic Ramones-inspired sound with early Green Day/Lookout! Records.
... the album is specially for those die-hard skeptics who still think rock'n'roll and punk died long ago. Traditional drive, power, fun, tastes, and smells. All the tracks are brilliant.
ОМ, February 1998
Immediately after releasing the album, the band changed their name to Tarakany! and it has remained unchanged to this day.
Two songs from the album ("Durnaya Bashka" and "Nepogoda" received serious airplay on Radio Maximum, thereby increasing their army of fans, expanding their geography of performances, and pushing the band into several major rock and punk festivals where they shared the stage with bands such as Toy Dolls, Stranglers, the Exploited, and Rage Against the Machine.
In late 1998, Tarakany! released the album, Posadki Net, featuring 16 songs in Russian, and a Depeche Mode cover of "Personal Jesus" which ultimately ended up finding its way to the first Russian tribute to Depeche Mode. Three of the songs the band decided to produce music videos for, "Personal Jesus", "Punk-Rock Pesnya" and "Poezd V Storonu Arbatskoy" ended up being selected for broadcast by then fledgling, MTV Russia. The network had only been in existence for a month when the album was released. "Punk-Rock Pesnya" and "Poezd V Storonu Arbatskoy" reached the top chart positions at Russian rock station Nashe Radio.
Their positive punk rock is truly no worse than Green Day, NOFX, and other California bands. Using old tube amps and a one-channel approach (essentially), Ramones-fed Tarakany! have gained a real punk sound adding measured doses of reggae and ska like Rancid does overseas. The front man Sid shows a huge voice gorgeously shaded with old school American pop-singers.
ОМ, Andrey Bukharin
In 1999, Tarakany! released their first live album, "Eto Zhizn: Ofitsialny Bootleg".
In Winter 2000, the band embarked on their first European tour where they supported the Monsters for several shows. Followed by the next album few months later, "Popcorm (My Nauchili Mir Sosat')" became one of the first pop-punk albums in Russia. Their songs "365 Dney" and "Mnogo Telok I Piva" climbed to the TOP-10 of the Russian rock radio charts, and the video for "365 Dney" was in full rotation on MTV Russia.
…Album by album, the band is increasingly switching from the Moscow to the Californian punk school like Green Day or Rancid ... It is rather more exciting to listen to their style juggling and embellishing their happy-punk background with ska, reggae and country... I would not be surprised if Sid will practice Tuvan throat singing in five years or so. Anyway, his tremendous Sinatrian vocals are damn well-adjusted.
"Afisha, March 2000
On March 18, 2000, the band took part in the punk/alternative/rap festival Beat Bitva in Moscow's Dynamo Stadium. During the festival, hundreds of Nazi skinheads attacked the festival and anyone in the way. Two of the band's members were injured as a result of the fight with the Nazis.
In early 2001, Tarakany! celebrated their 10th anniversary, and FeeLee Records reissued the band's entire back catalogue as well as released Tarakany!'s first ever "Best Of" compilation.
Towards the end of that same year, Tarakany! cooperated with the Japanese band SOBUT on the split-album, "Realny Punk?/Punk This Town", and it was released in Russia.
In Spring 2002, they released their sixth studio album, Strakh I Nenavist' featuring the song "Ya Smotryu Na Nikh" which became one of the band's top hits and one of the top three offerings on the rock radio charts during the 16 week chart period. In 2013, the song reached the 55th position in the top 500 Russian rock hits, according to Nashe Radio. To present the album, the band arranged their first nationwide tour from the eastern to the western edge of Russia followed by Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya, Japan with SOBUT, Assfort and Samurai Attack. Furthermore, the new album was released in Japan by Old Blood Records.
The new record showed the band's transformation towards rapid melodic Californian punk rock which lyrics and music discussing themes such as domination, brainwashing, social issues, personal identity, all the while maintain the band's awareness of its own traditional humor.
... Otherwise, a new album could easily be issued by Epitaph…. Tarakany! have made a really great positively commercial punk outfit... In short, all the stuff here will just hit you...
Muzykalnaya Gazeta
Finally Russia shows the world its punk! I have been trying for years and years to discover the elusive Russian punk rock. Finally I have found it, and I couldn't be more satisfied. I found this CD in Japan, just months after the band was in the country touring with their label mates, my favorite Japanese punk band ever: SOBUT. … It is mid-paced melodic punk with deep, but melodic vocals The production is so clear it could have been done by Ryan Greene or Mark Trombino. I'd sing along with it if I could, but all I can do is crank it up and enjoy. My senses tell me that the lyrics are intelligent and street-wise, socially aware but not overly political, because the band does not sound particularly angry nor poppy and happy. The beats are fast, and there is lots of variety in rhythm. None of the songs sound the same; they are all loaded with individual flavor, often laced with traces of hardcore guitar riffs and street punk gang vocals. In America, they would definitely be Epitaph or Fat calibre. I hope this band will be accessible in the west before long. 
www.PunkInternational.com
Also, 2002 resulted in the special best of compilation, "Luchshee, Vrag Khoroshego". It was composed of newly arranged old songs, as well as one previously unreleased track.
In the beginning of 2003, Tarakany! celebrated their 12th anniversary with a show in DKG (Gorbunov Palace of Culture), a famous Moscow rock landmark, where they performed 45 songs for over 2500 people.
In early 2003, Tarakany! collaborated with the legendary Marky Ramone, the drummer for the Ramones. Their joint band was titled Marky Ramone &amp; The Pinhead Army.
AiB Records.
In late 2003, their first studio album release on their new label, AiB Records. "Ulitsa Svobody" at its album release concert at Moscow's Gorbunova Palace (DKG) drew more than 2500 fans. The concert itself was recorded for CD and can also be found on their 2004 DVD "A My Uzhe Rubim!". This album is filled with up-tempo and meaningful tracks about freedom, choice, and equality. The songs were each directed against intolerance, nationalism, and indifference.
… "Ulitsa Svobody" is just what this album could and simply had to be like—sharp, powerful, snotty, furious, uncompromising, and straight-ahead. This is for those who are able not only to ascertain the shortcomings of the surrounding reality and of theirs, but also to endeavour to change something, to change themselves, which is worth a lot. For those who do not want to remain indifferent, to tolerate their own drawbacks, who are not afraid to be misunderstood… The new release is not only invigorating and providing "mind and heart" music with healthy anger inoculation. This is an ultimate monolith full of ear-pleasing rock tunes. Intense, fuzzy, and huge record.
Rockmusic.ru
The band made two videos off of this album, "Granitsy Ghetto" ("The Ghetto Limits") and "Hymn Democraticheskoy Molodyohi Mira" ("The Hymn of Democratic Youth of the World"). The previous, both featured and was directed by well-known theater and film actor Vladimir Epifantsev. While the latter consisted of footage from the band's Japanese tour. Both videos appeared on A-1 Channel, the first federal alternative music TV channel in Russia.
The band's 2004 LP, "Rakety Iz Rossii" became the ideological successor of "Ulitsa Svobody".
The band again entered Russia's charts in the top 3 with its single, "Tishina Eto Smert" ("Silence is Death"). Its video was broadcast on both MTV Russia and A-1.
Later that year, ZCM Records released both albums in Europe under the names "Freedom Street" and "Rockets from Russia". Those European versions also contained several English and German language versions, as well as the original Russian songs.
In 2004, Tarakany! began working towards acquainting the public at large with the mostly unknown sound of true punk music, a style of music not widely found. The project, and its recorded audio equivalent, "High School of Punk", was at that time, the largest punk rock music festival in Russian history with a capacity crowd of 6,000 in attendance at Luzhniki Stadium. Tarakany!'s role in this festival was simultaneously as co-organizers, and co-headliners. The festival's Western headliner was Misfits.
In Winter 2005, Tarakany! participated in the European Ramones night tour with Marky Ramone (ex-Ramones). Concerts were held in Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Czech Republic, Austria, and Netherlands, and included performances from such bands as Manges, Peawees, and Moped Lads. 2005 was also the band's Finnish debut, playing the Ilosaarirock Festival with MC5, Skatalites, Agnostic Front, Backyard Babies, and others.
Near the end of 2005, Tarakany! released a split album with the members of Japan's SOBUT who had already left the band and re-united as Screams of Presidents.
In early 2006, another split-album came out. This time, their collaborators were the Russian ska veterans, Distemper. Immediately following the Russian release, An'na Nadel Records put it out in Europe. The split-album contains six original songs, replayed by the other, and one jointly composed song, a cover of Sham 69's "If The Kids are United".
Tarakany!'s 2006 studio album release, "Vlasteliny Vselennoy", saw the band deviate from its traditional sound in favor a something more punk'n'roll. Four of these new songs entered the Russian radio rock charts: "Kto-To Iz Nas Dvoikh", "10 Millionov", "Pozvol Mne Pobyt' Odnomu", and "Vlasteliny Vselennoy".
The guys are gonna end up with "adult oriented rock" outweighing their normal audacious punk. Their new album contains less flippancy and more lyricism.
Rolling Stone Magazine
In 2007, Tarakany! celebrated their 15th anniversary by putting on two gigs at Moscow's Club Tochka (about 1,500 people each show) whose audio and video materials were recorded in the double CD+DVD combo, Krepkie Zuby I Ostrye Kogti. In that year, the band experimented with their own creative approach and started a new project, "Unplugged Unlimited". In particular, they expanded their live line-up with back-vocalists, a wind section, and dramatically re-arranged their old songs by performing them in surprising styles such as bossa nova, latina, surf, and rhumba. The project was embodied in the eponymous album.
It was at approximately this time that the band had cameos in two different episodes of Russia's version of the television show, "Married... with Children".
In mid-2008 Tarakany! was the opening act for the first, and only, Moscow performance of the Sex Pistols. Half a year later, the band released their EP, Skolko Deneg U Boga? (How Much Money's God Got?") whose title track caused public controversies and threats from religious radicals.
2009–present.
In November 2009, the band issued a new long-play, "Boy Do Dyr". Some songs from the album were used by Cannes-award winning director Valeriya Gai Germanika towards the soundtrack for her notorious series, Shkola (School). Consequently, she directed the music video for the band's song "To, Chto Ne Ubivaet Tebya" ("Reign of Failure"). That track was an unparalleled success for the band.
... The band has created a surprisingly adult, honest and self-ironic record, charming in its pathos lacking simplicity. The lyrics are about social issues, a bit romance, and a lot of rock-and-roll, whose joys and sorrows are known to Sid firsthand. In a word, Tarakany! have recorded their most integral, and, at the same time, most versatile album, delivering teeth grinding hardcore-punk ("Vykhod V Gorod"), surf-rock ("Almazy I Istrebiteli"), as well as late Social Distortion-style punk ballads ("To, Chto Ne Ubivaet Tebya").
"Rolling Stone
From 2010 to 2012, the band released several EPs. One of those tracks, "V Den', Kogda Ya Sdalsya", was a collaboration with Sergei Mikhalok, the leader of the legendary Belarusian band Lyapis Trubetskoy (and, later, the band Brutto, which was prohibited to perform in Russia). "Sobachye Serdtse" ("Heart of a Dog") another of the EP tracks, dedicated itself to the idea of treating homeless people humanely, and this subject was dealt with poignantly in its music video.
In mid-2010, while playing at the Tornado festival in Miass, Russia, a small group of armed individuals broke into the festival grounds and began beating spectators and shooting in the direction of the stage with firearms and other lethal weapons during Tarakany!'s performance. The incident was widely covered by Russian media, and the ensuing trial lasted several years.
Spring 2011 was Tarakany!'s 20th Anniversary, and was celebrated by holding a concert at Arena Moscow (3,500 people). Then afterwards, again Tarakany! toured Europe with Tagada Jones, performed with Oi Polloi, Street Dogs, and the Mahones at the Zikenstock Festival.
In 2011, by signing an open letter in support of Belarusian political prisoners, the band was placed on the so-called "black list" of artists who are ineligible to perform within the borders of Belarus. This unfortunate situation resulted in the cancellation of the planned Belarusian tour immediately after the European gigs. The band finally returned to Belarus three years later. First, with a trial, unannounced, secret gig, and then later on with a full-scale publicized live show.
In 2012, at the Kubana Open-Air Festival (which was outrageously and officially banned the next year due to an incident involving the Bloodhound Gang and the Russian flag.) On stage, Tarakany! expressed their support and solidarity with Pussy Riot, and almost immediately afterwards, the festival organizers stopped Tarakany!'s performance and would not permit them to continue. Additionally, Tarakany! showed their support for Pussy Riot later in 2012 by posting an Internet compilation titled "Release!" covered with symbolic artwork.
In 2013, FeeLee Records released both parts of Tarakany!'s new double-album, "MaximumHappy". For this album, they invited special guests such as Chris Barker (Anti-Flag), Yotam Ben-Horin (Useless ID), Rodrigo González (Die Ärzte), and singer-songwriter Frank Turner. It was the first time Tarakany! found themselves in the No. 1 position on the Nashe Radio Russian rock chart, Chartova Dyuzhina, with their song "Pyat' Slov" featuring guest vocals by Lousine Gevorkian of Louna. The track remained on the charts for 20 weeks, which resulted in it being named the No. 1 song in Russia for 2013. One other song also earned No. 1 honors in 2013 on the Nashe charts: Tarakany!'s, "Samiy Schastlivy Chelovek Na Zemle" featuring the group Anacondaz. Officially, the two Tarakany! tracks received co-honors from Nashe. The videos for both songs accumulated over 1 million views each on YouTube. There were other videos from the album as well, including for the track, "Bog I Politisiya" ("God and Police") jointly made with Chris Barker of Anti-Flag.
The music video for the song "Plokhie Tantsory" ("Schlechte Tänzer") featuring Rodrigo González from Die Ärzte, was deleted by YouTube's administrators 10 hours after being uploaded due to numerous complaints because of profanity. It did manage to rack up more than 100,000 hits during that ten hours. The "MaximumHappy" double LP was followed by "MaximumHappy Live", and contained live stage performances of all the songs from both parts of the studio release.
Right after New Years in 2014, Los Angeles punk label, Punk Outlaw Records, published Tarakany!'s first American release, "Russian Democrazy". This album contained six new English songs and a compilation of the band's earlier tracks in English.
Their sound at times reminds you of classic essential punk-rock music like Pennywise but the message is as politically charged as Anti-Flag… Other stand out tracks from the album would be #10 - Smile (Because It Irritates Them) and #11 — Anesthesia; and my favorite lyrics are from the first song on the album is Heart of a Dog "fear, afraid of the things that I see." Although Russia's political outrage has been more transparent than that of the United States over the last half of a century I can certainly relate to this line because I am afraid of what I see in my own country these days. Overall I really dig this album and I have added it to my keeper collection far away from the garage sale bargain pile that I've compiled and that crap that ends up in my desktop recycle bin. Dyingscene.com , 4/5 Stars
In 2015, Tarakany! got mixed up in a scandal regarding a military equipment exhibition relating to the overall militarization of the Nashestvie Festival, the biggest Russian rock festival in the country. The band performed a set of anti-war songs and appealed to the audience between songs with messages of peace. As a result, the band was badly ostracised for their position by the organisers and also by the most reactionary spectators.
In early 2016, Tarakany! celebrated their 25th anniversary with four concerts in one of the biggest club venues in Moscow, Glavclub/Yotaspace, for a total of 8,000 people give or take. Also, the band had two shows in club Avrora (St. Petersburg) (4,000 people). The resulting tour included more than 40 dates in Russia and Belarus. In early 2017, Soyuz Music released "Larger than… Live!", a triple combo outfit featuring two audio CDs and one DVD from their Moscow performances and include tracks from other artists such as Siberian Meat Grinder, Distemper, Louna, Lumen, and many others.
In November 2016, Tarakany! released their new album, "Sila Odnogo (The Power of One)" on the Soyuz Music label. The band is currently awaiting their first truly global release in 2018 on the American label A-F Records. Their first global release is an English language version of "Silo Odnogo", appropriately titled, "The Power of One".
In early September 2017, the group decided to try something a bit different. For a project called, "Much Ado About Nothing", they decided to lock themselves in a small house in a village for 11 days, and write, record, and release one song every day from the process. The resulting material was collected and turned into an album called, A Lot of Noise from Nothing: The Album, and is available December 2017. Among the guests on the album are musicians from the Russian groups: Pornofilmi, Teni Svobodi, Plan Lomonosov, SMEX, Animal Jazz, Useless ID (Israel), and others.
In addition to the global release in 2018, they will also release a split album made in collaboration with Israel's Useless ID.
Other projects of musicians.
Projects of the former members of Tarakany! include:
Other projects of the current lineup of Tarakany! include:
Activism.
The band's musicians actively support animal-rights and social initiatives by posting video appeals and participating in campaigns of various organizations like the WWF, Golos Za Pravo Zhivotnykh, and others. In their songs and interviews, the musicians actively advocate for a meatless way of life.
In 1996, the band became a participant of Uchites Plavat, a movement of alternative rock musicians against heavy drugs, fascism, and racism, as well as the radio programme, audio compilations, and festivals of the same name.
In 1998, Tarakany! volunteered to participate in an "anti-drug" tour of several of Moscow's schools. For two weeks, they performed for different students at different schools and warned them about the dangers of heavy drugs.
In 1999, Tarakany! initiated a set of audio compilations and festivals called, Tipa Punki I Vsyo Takoe, to help out and support punk/hardcore beginners. In total, they released six parts of the compilation and helped many people to discover a lot of new names.
Since 2000, Tarakany! has been actively participating in events organized by the Russian non-profit foundation Net Alkogolizmu I Narkomanii (NAN), an organization similar in most respects to AA and NA. In particular, Tarkany! has been performing in several anti-AIDS campaigns.
In 2005, Tarakany! performed at a charity concert to support the musicians of other punk bands who suffered from the Nazi skirmishes.
The band is constantly cooperating with the charitable foundation AdVita in aiding children and adults suffering from cancer. Also, they regularly perform at concerts in support of the B.E.L.A. Deti-Babochiki (Children to Butterflies) fund, which comprehensively aids children who suffer from a rare genetic disease known as epidermolysis bullosa. In addition to direct aid to children, the charity also donates to the Scientific Research Center of Pediatric Oncology, Nastien'ka, established to help children treated by the Scientific Research Centre of Paediatric Oncology.
In 2012, Tarakany! organized the charity rock fair, Sobachye Serdtse, and donated all proceeds to Moscow's homeless. Also, the band performed a concert at the Moscow Institute of Emergency Care for the campaign, My Odnoy Krovi, which is interested in having rock musicians encourage the public to more regularly donate blood.
In 2017, Tarakany! supported social campaign Producty V Glubinku to help to provide food for the elderly and poor. In 2017, Tarakany! took part in a charitable programme Kislorod, under the auspices of Planeta.ru, a Russian crowd-funding platform, aimed at helping people with cystic fibrosis

</doc>
<doc id="56835972" url="?curid=56835972" title="Rhona K. Adair">
Rhona K. Adair


</doc>
<doc id="56835984" url="?curid=56835984" title="Dark forest theory">
Dark forest theory


</doc>
<doc id="56835987" url="?curid=56835987" title="Dietel manuscript">
Dietel manuscript

The Dietel manuscript, Ms. R 18, also known as the Dietel Collection and, in German, , is the oldest extant manuscript with a large collection of four-part chorales by Johann Sebastian Bach. It contains 149 of Bach's chorale harmonisations (not 150 as is written on its title page) and originated around 1735. The music in the manuscript was copied by , one of Bach's pupils from the Thomasschule.
Context.
In 1727, at age 13, Johann Ludwig Dietel became a pupil of the St Thomas School in Leipzig. His oldest extant work as copyist of Johann Sebastian Bach's music dates from two years later (performance parts of BWV 120.2 and 174). By then, mid 1729, Bach had just begun his seventh year as cantor at St Thomas, and had already composed hundreds of church cantatas, the "St John" and "St Matthew" Passions, and several motets: all of these are sacred compositions mostly containing one or more four-part harmonisations of Lutheran chorale melodies, setting the text of usually one, and sometimes two, stanzas of a Lutheran hymn, to be sung by a SATB choir. Apart from these four-part chorales which are movements in larger-scale compositions, Bach also wrote such SATB settings of hymn tunes down in, for instance, the "Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach" (begun 1725), and the "Three Wedding Chorales" manuscript (1730s). In Bach's autographs, four-part chorale harmonisations are characteristically written down with a instrumentation and figured bass accompaniment, sometimes also with interludes connecting the phrases of the hymn or independent instrumental figuration, and more exceptionally, for instance the "Dir, dir, Jehova, will ich singen" chorale in Anna Magdalena's notebook, as a piece exclusively for four singing voices.
In the Autumn of 1729 Dietel worked on the performance parts of BWV 201, one of Bach's secular cantatas. His work on the performance material of Johann Bernhard Bach's overtures in D major (BNB I/B/4) and G major (BNB I/B/6) is from slightly later. In August 1730 Johann Sebastian ranged Dietel among those singers of the school who were fit to perform the solo parts of his church music. On New Year's Day 1731, or, less likely, a year earlier, Carl Gotthelf Gerlach performed "Gehet zu seinen Toren ein mit Danken", FWV D:G1 (=FR 9/2), a church cantata for New Year by Johann Friedrich Fasch. Dietel had copied the score for this performance. Both Dietel and Gerlach, who was nearly a decade older, were born in : this, and the fact that they were distant relatives, may explain how they became close in Leipzig. Gerlach had become a student of the St Thomas school in 1716, which he still was when Bach moved into the school buildings as cantor in 1723. From 1727 Gerlach studied at Leipzig University. In 1729 , who until then had been the music director of Leipzig University's church, that is the New Church (), and of the Collegium Musicum founded by Telemann, left for a position in Gotha: Bach, who as music director of Leipzig's principal churches had some say on the matter, manoeuvred his former pupil Gerlach in the position of music director and organist at the , while he assumed himself the leadership of the Collegium Musicum.
In 1731 Dietel helped copy out the performance parts of two further church cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach (BWV 112 and 29). Late 1731 or early 1732 Dietel copied the score of Bach's early church cantata BWV 196, followed, before 25 March 1732, by a copy of the score of the "Gottes und Marien Kind" cantata attributed to Fasch (FWV D:G3, FR 1400). From 1733 to 1734 Dietel copied performance material for three more secular cantatas by Bach (BWV 213, 214 and 215). Further manuscript copies by Dietel from around 1734:
In 1734, or possibly 1735, Dietel copied the organ part of BWV 100, a chorale cantata by Bach. Bach presented his "Christmas Oratorio", BWV 248, for the first time as a set of six cantatas, each of these performed on one of the six Feast Days and Sundays from 25 December 1734 to 6 January 1735. For two of these cantatas, those for New Year's Day (No. IV) and Epiphany (No. VI), Dietel was the main copyist of the performance material. On 30 January 1735 Bach premiered his cantata BWV 14. Likely some time after that, the closing chorale of BWV 14 being its most recent datable entry, Dietel started the manuscript named after him, which contains 149 four-part chorales copied from manuscripts with compositions by Bach. By that time Dietel belonged to the inner circle of Bach's pupils who had broad access to the composer's musical library.
Who asked Dietel to produce the chorale collection, and also, for what purpose it was penned, are questions for which the answer can not be ascertained. It would have been highly unlikely that Dietel took the initiative for the collection: copying music was generally not done without remuneration. The manuscript contained many errors and inaccuracies, none of which were corrected by Bach, something the composer would normally have done if he had commissioned this copy of his music. On the other hand, Dietel had produced many manuscripts for Gerlach, for instance the Fasch cantatas for performance at the , and would continue to collaborate with him, for instance also in 1735 (or later) on performance material for Bach's Sanctus BWV 238. In 1736 Dietel started his studies at Leipzig University, and like that earlier main copyist of Bach's music, , had done a decade earlier, he continued to work for the music director of the while discontinuing to work for Bach, after the switch from St Thomas school to University.
Content.
Dietel's manuscript, R 18, contains 149 SATB settings, without instrumental accompaniment or interludes, of chorale tunes. Two settings, Nos. 119 and 134, are identical, thus the collection contains 148 unique settings. A few settings are related, but not identical:
All settings are by Bach and/or feature in larger-scale compositions by Bach. Two settings are strictly speaking not by Bach:
In general, Bach based his harmonisations on pre-existing hymn tunes. There are, however, some hymn tunes (or versions thereof) for which there appear to be no earlier extant sources than Bach's compositions. In the Dietel manuscript:
A couple of settings in the Dietel manuscript are SATB versions of voice and continuo settings found in (1736):
Also the R 18 No. 148 version of "Liebster Gott, wenn werd ich sterben" appears to be related to the Schemelli variant BWV 483. R 18 No. 48 shares its soprano (S) and bass (B) lines with BWV 512 from .
Around two thirds of the settings in the Dietel manuscript can also be found in Bach's extant cantatas, motets, Passions and oratorios. Many of the chorale settings for which R 18 is the earliest extant source may derive from lost larger works, such as the "St Mark Passion", BWV 247, of 1731, and several cantatas of the Picander cycle of 1728–29. However, not all four-part chorales of the Dietel collection originated in such larger works (e.g., BWV 299). Also, Bach re-used some chorale settings in several works (e.g., BWV 75/7 = BWV 100/6) so that it can't always exactly be determined from which original Dietel copied in his collection.
All chorales have a number (however with collation errors), and, except for No. 145, a title referring to a text of a Lutheran hymn, but are otherwise untexted. The titles in R 18 do not always refer to the hymns from which stanzas are extracted in musically corresponding movements of larger works. There is no over-all organisational principle for the collation, but some ranges appear to have some logic: for example, the range from Nos. 67 to 96 follows through the liturgical year, more or less consequentially, from the fourth Sunday after Trinity to the first Sunday of Advent.
Reception.
When Gerlach died in Leipzig in 1761 he apparently had no heirs living in the town: a large part of his music collection, for instance the copies of the Porpora cantatas, came in the possession of the music publishers Bernhard Christoph and Johann Gottlob Immanuel Breitkopf. The earliest trace of the Dietel manuscript dates from 1764, when the Breitkopf publishing firm offered (manuscript) copies of the chorale collection for sale. The earliest prints of Bach's four-part chorale collections, two volumes published by Birnstiel in 1765 and 1769 respectively, drew from other manuscripts than the Dietel Collection. Bach's son Carl Philipp Emanuel (C. P. E.), who had collaborated on Birnstiel's 1765 volume, fell out with the publisher and left further plans for a complete edition of his father's four-part chorales to Johann Kirnberger, who negotiated with the Breitkopf firm on the subject. In 1777 Kirnberger wrote to Breitkopf:The "" (150 pieces) mentioned by Kirnberger refer to the Dietel manuscript. Kirnberger was also the librarian of the , the library of his employer Princess Anna Amalia of Prussia. The library contained these manuscripts:
When Kirnberger died in 1783, no new edition of Bach's four-part chorales had materialised. Shortly thereafter, in 1784 and 1785, Breitkopf published the first two volumes of their new edition of these chorales, edited by C. P. E. Bach. These volumes reflected, to a large extent, the two Birnstiel volumes, that is, none of the chorales contained in them were extracted from the Dietel manuscript: the chorales from that manuscript, or rather, from the Am.B 46/II, Fascicle 3, selection, were only included in the third (1786) and concluding fourth (1787) volumes of Breitkopf's edition. Within two decades after the publication, Breitkopf disposed of the Dietel manuscript, becoming its new owner. A later owner of the manuscript was Ernst Rudorff, and from 1917 it resided in the in Leipzig, where it got the shelf mark R 18. Eventually the collection of the Peters library was adopted in the , from where the R 18 manuscript was transmitted, as a permanent loan, to the Bach Archive in 2014.
The Dietel manuscript only started to attract stronger attention from scholarship in the second half of the 20th century. In 1991 the New Bach Edition published the entire manuscript, edited by : the edition included several chorales from the manuscript which had not been given a BWV number in the 1950 first edition of the . Four chorales from the Dietel manuscript were given a BWV number in the 1122–1125 range in the 1998 edition of the .

</doc>
<doc id="56835989" url="?curid=56835989" title="Ellen O'Connell">
Ellen O'Connell


</doc>
<doc id="56835992" url="?curid=56835992" title="Ellen O'Connell Fitzsimon">
Ellen O'Connell Fitzsimon


</doc>
<doc id="56835994" url="?curid=56835994" title="Ellen O'Connell FitzSimon">
Ellen O'Connell FitzSimon


</doc>
<doc id="56835997" url="?curid=56835997" title="Ellen FitzSimon">
Ellen FitzSimon


</doc>
<doc id="56835998" url="?curid=56835998" title="Battle for Afrin City">
Battle for Afrin City


</doc>
<doc id="56835999" url="?curid=56835999" title="Josh Allen (politician)">
Josh Allen (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56836000" url="?curid=56836000" title="Amzie Strickland filmography">
Amzie Strickland filmography

This is the complete filmography of actress Amzie Strickland (January 10, 1919 - July 5, 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="56836002" url="?curid=56836002" title="Battle for Afrin">
Battle for Afrin


</doc>
<doc id="56836006" url="?curid=56836006" title="Devji M Patel">
Devji M Patel


</doc>
<doc id="56836009" url="?curid=56836009" title="Elizabeth Henrietta Keeling">
Elizabeth Henrietta Keeling


</doc>
<doc id="56836012" url="?curid=56836012" title="Madame D'Esterre">
Madame D'Esterre


</doc>
<doc id="56836013" url="?curid=56836013" title="Elsa D'Esterre-Keeling">
Elsa D'Esterre-Keeling


</doc>
<doc id="56836026" url="?curid=56836026" title="Beverly Tyler filmography">
Beverly Tyler filmography

This is the complete filmography of actress Beverly Tyler (July 5, 1927 – November 23, 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="56836031" url="?curid=56836031" title="Chuckwagon (disambiguation)">
Chuckwagon (disambiguation)

A chuckwagon is a type of field kitchen covered wagon historically used in the United States and Canada.
Chuckwagon or chuck wagon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56836036" url="?curid=56836036" title="The Essential Men at Work">
The Essential Men at Work

The Essential Men at Work is the eighth compilation album by Australian band Men at Work, released in 2003. It was released by Sony BMG, as part of "The Essential" series. The album includes 14 tracks from Men at Work three studio albums.
Reception.
Matt Collar of AllMusic stated ""The Essential Men at Work" features 14 of the iconic '80s band's most memorable tracks" and claims "this is about all the Men at Work you'll ever need.

</doc>
<doc id="56836041" url="?curid=56836041" title="Kirkstall Bridge">
Kirkstall Bridge

Kirkstall Bridge is a Grade II listed road bridge in Kirkstall, City of Leeds, West Yorkshire, leading the B6157 road across the River Aire and the railway line between Leeds and Shipley.
The bridge was erected by J. A. Mackay, then City Engineer of Leeds, and opened to traffic in June 1912. The event is commemorated by a cast iron plaque at the eastern end. Cast iron segmental arches on stone piers carry the road, slightly rising from east to west, across the river. The abutments are decorated with the coat of arms of Leeds looking towards the river. Their top parts are pierced, as are the parapet rails and the spandrels of the bridge arches. The lamp posts on the abutments were installed in the middle of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56836045" url="?curid=56836045" title="Confession of the Unity of the Bohemian Brethren of 1535">
Confession of the Unity of the Bohemian Brethren of 1535

Confession of the Unity of the Bohemian Brethren of 1535 or Brethren's confession is doctrinal statement of the Unity of the Brethren.
The confession was introduced to the king Ferdinand I in 1535 and published in Czech in 1536 and in Latin with Martin Luther's preface in 1538.
The confession consists of a long apologetic preface and of twenty articles. It represents traditional theological concerns of the Unity, but is inspired by the Augsburg Confession too.
In later editions the brethren made some changes, reflecting the theological drift of the Unity (significant changes had been done especially in Latin Wittenberg edition from 1573).
The "Brethren's confession" is sometimes referred as "Bohemian Confession". It should not be merged with the "Bohemian Confession" from 1575, which is different text.

</doc>
<doc id="56836048" url="?curid=56836048" title="ISoundtrack II">
ISoundtrack II


</doc>
<doc id="56836052" url="?curid=56836052" title="Between Bridges">
Between Bridges


</doc>
<doc id="56836076" url="?curid=56836076" title="Roy Taylor (cyclist)">
Roy Taylor (cyclist)

Royston Thompson Taylor (21 July 1916 – 7 January 1987) was a New Zealand track cyclist who represented his country at the 1938 British Empire Games.
Early life and family.
Born in the Auckland suburb of Remuera on 21 July 1916, Taylor was the son of Benjamin and Nellie Taylor. 
Cycling.
A member of the Papatoetoe Amateur Athletic and Cycling Club, Taylor won the 1000 m sprint at the trials to select the cycling team for the 1938 British Empire Games, beating 1936 Olympic representative George Giles in the final. However, at the Empire Games in Sydney, Taylor was unplaced in the sprint, while Giles won the bronze medal. Taylor also competed in the 1 km time trial at the Sydney games, finishing in seventh place.
Death.
Taylor died on 7 January 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="56836081" url="?curid=56836081" title="Country music in Nigeria">
Country music in Nigeria

Country music in Nigeria has enjoyed high levels of popularity since first being introduced to the country in the middle of the 20th century. Within Nigeria, country music is generally classified as "sentimental music" - a Nigeria-specific genre that includes non-country musical acts.
History.
Country music originated in the southern United States in the 1920s where it evolved as a fusion of Appalachian music and Blues largely through the efforts of commercial record producers who sought to popularize traditional folk melodies from the rural United States. Country is musically similar to Western, although the latter tends to be more evocative of themes and imagery associated with the western United States, particularly that of the Old West era.
Country was introduced to Nigeria in the middle 20th century by a combination of visiting American Christian missionaries from the southern United States, by returning Nigerian expatriates, and by a Don Williams-owned radio station that operated in the nation. By the 1960s, the genre had become "a part of everyday Nigerian life". As of the mid 1990s, country music remained highly popular among Nigerian radio listeners. By the early 2010s, interest in country music had lessened in major metropolitan areas, but continued to enjoy popularity in Middle Belt states, notably including Plateau, whose state capital Jos has been described as Nigeria's "home of country music". American country singer Jim Reeves, who died in 1964, has had a special staying power as a cultural icon in Nigeria and, as of the early 2010s, his recordings continued to be popular as a form of comfort music listened to in familial settings.
Nigerian music audiences have tended not to recognize country music as a unique genre but have grouped it into a constructed genre of "sentimental music" which has been described by Public Radio International as a "catch-all category that essentially referred to everything Western that wasn’t dance music".
Local acts.
As in other parts of Africa where country music is popular, country music in Nigeria is dominated by recordings from American artists. However, a small number of Nigerian country and country-western musical acts have gained varying levels of popularity including Emma Ogosi, Ogak Jay Oke, Bongos Ikwue, and Poor Charley Akaa.

</doc>
<doc id="56836082" url="?curid=56836082" title="Ezhel">
Ezhel

Sercan İpekçioğlu (born 1 July 1991), better known by his stage name Ezhel (), is a Turkish rapper, singer and songwriter from Ankara whose music blends trap, hip-hop and reggae. His song "AYA" has been streamed more than 80 million times on Spotify. He has been given the title 'Freestyle King' by Hip Hop Life in Turkey.
Life and career.
Ezhel came from a musical family. His mother was an Anatolian folk dancer, and his uncle was a musician and sound and light engineer. He received a scholarship to TED school, and began listening to US rappers like Eminem, 50 Cent and Tupac Shakur.
At 18, he began performing with a reggae band called Afra Tafra. After this group split, he formed his own reggae band, Kökler Filizleniyor, along with some of his friends from Ankara. He performed under the name Ais Ezhel until 2017.
Ezhel can also play the bağlama and guitar, and sings reggae with the band Kökler Filizleniyor. His debut album "Müptezhel" came out in 2017.
Ezhel was arrested on 24 May 2018 and sent to pretrial detention accused of "inciting drug use" in his songs. On June 19, Ezhel was acquitted within 9 minutes of the opening of his first trial hearing. Ezhel's lawyer, Fuat Ekin, stated that, "We got an acquittal. We can say that justice has been done," according to the Media and Law Studies Association (MLSA).
In May 2019, "The New York Times" named him among the European pop acts that everyone should know.

</doc>
<doc id="56836086" url="?curid=56836086" title="Sint Truiden">
Sint Truiden


</doc>
<doc id="56836103" url="?curid=56836103" title="Horse house">
Horse house


</doc>
<doc id="56836110" url="?curid=56836110" title="Emmy Beckmann">
Emmy Beckmann

Emmy Dora Caroline Beckmann (* 12 April 1880 in Wandsbek; † 24 December 1967 in Hamburg) was a German educator, politician (DDP and FDP) and women's rights activist.
Professional life and women's rights.
Beckmann worked as a state-appointed teacher in Hamburg from 1911 onwards. In 1925 she travelled to Washington, D.C. as a Delegate to the International Women's Congress. In 1926 Beckmann was appointed headmistress of the high school "Helene-Lange-Oberrealschule". The following year, she became the first woman in Hamburg to be appointed a school inspector ("Oberschulrätin").
Like many other democratic figures of the Weimar Republic, Beckmann was removed from office by the Nazis in 1933. Officially, she retired early because of "national unreliability". During the time of National socialism, she withdrew with her twin sister Hanna into Inner Emigration. In 1945, she was reinstated by Heinrich Landahl as a school inspector and played a vital part in the rehabilitation of the Hamburg school system.
Emmy Beckmann campaigned her whole life for the interests of women. Among other things, she was a founding member of the "Stadtbund Hamburgischer Frauenvereine" in 1915, published the source booklets on women's life in history and was one of the founding members of the "Hamburg Frauenring" in 1946. At the beginning of 1948, she initiated the re-establishment of the "Akademikerinnenbund Hamburg", to which she had already belonged in the Weimar period and which today belongs to the German Women's Academic Society ("Deutscher Akademikerinnenbund"). Beckmann has headed the latter since its re-establishment in 1949.
After her death in 1967 she was buried at the Ohlsdorf Cemetery (Hamburg). The joint tomb slab for her and her sister is now in the so-called Women's garden.
Political career.
In the Weimar period, Emmy Beckmann was a member of the German Democratic Party (DDP, from 1930 onwards: German State Party, germ. "Deutsche Staatspartei"). She took part in the founding of the Free Democratic Party in 1945, which later became the Hamburg FDP regional association. Internally, she was part of the left wing of the party. In addition to Hans-Harder Biermann-Ratjen, Harald Abatz, Max Dibbern, Anton Leser und Lieselotte Anders , she was one of the signatories of Edgar Engelhard's appeal for a liberal collection (Aufruf für eine liberale Sammlung) on 20 January 1951, which declared itself against the plans of the state associations of North Rhine-Westphalia, Hesse and Lower Saxony to turn the FDP into a party of the national collection.
From 1921 to 1933 and from 1949 to 1957 Beckmann was a member of the Hamburg Parliament. As early as 1946, the British occupying forces wanted to appoint her to the Appointed Parliament (germ. Ernannte Bürgerschaft), but she refused to do so with regard to her occupation as a school inspector. During the deliberations on the new Hamburg Constitution, she requested that the sentence "Women must belong to the Senate" be included in Article 33, but was unsuccessful. Even within her own party, only Emilie Kiep-Altenloh, Lieselotte Anders, Walter Brosius und Hans-Harder Biermann-Ratjen voted in favour of the motion. After the Parliament elections in 1953, she was, alongside Emilie Kiep-Altenloh, nominated by the Hamburg women's associations for one of the Senators positions, but was not voted in. In 1957 she was re-elected as a member of the Hamburg Parliament, but renounced the position on grounds of age. Her parliamentary work focused on education policy. In contrast to Senator Heinrich Landahl and the SPD, she spoke out against the six-year elementary school system and in favour of the 13th grade at secondary school. She argued that six years of secondary school were not enough to prepare for the scientific work at university.
In the first federal election 1949, she ran on third place of the FDP's state list after Hermann Schäfer and Willy Max Rademacher, which did not suffice for an entry into the Bundestag. Beckmann attended the first federal convention as one of Hamburg's representatives.
Honours.
In 1953 Beckmann was awarded the Grand Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1957, the Senate of Hamburg bestowed the title of professor on her. In addition, she was the first woman ever to be awarded the Mayor Stolten Medal (germ. "Bürgermeister-Stolten-Medaille") in 1961. Her and her work are commemorated today in the Ohlsdorf Cemetery in the women's garden. In 1980, the Emmy-Beckmann-Weg in Niendorf was named after her in honour of her work as a politician and women's rights activist.

</doc>
<doc id="56836114" url="?curid=56836114" title="Robinson &amp; Co.">
Robinson &amp; Co.


</doc>
<doc id="56836119" url="?curid=56836119" title="Damien Balisson">
Damien Balisson

Pascal Damien Balisson (born 28 October 1996) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Cercle de Joachim as a left back.
Club career.
Born in Port Louis, he has played club football for Cercle de Joachim, La Tamponnaise and Thonon Évian. In the summer 2019, Damien joined French club Thonon Évian. He returned to Cercle de Joachim later that season.
International career.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56836124" url="?curid=56836124" title="Spicer &amp; Robinson">
Spicer &amp; Robinson


</doc>
<doc id="56836125" url="?curid=56836125" title="David Barons">
David Barons

David Hawken Barons (6 December 1936 – 20 February 2018) was a British horse trainer who specialized in training horses competing in National Hunt racing.
Barons gained his most notable success when training Seagram to win the 1991 Grand National. In a career lasting more than 30 years he trained over 900 winners.

</doc>
<doc id="56836127" url="?curid=56836127" title="Pascal Balisson">
Pascal Balisson


</doc>
<doc id="56836154" url="?curid=56836154" title="Mervyn Jocelyn">
Mervyn Jocelyn

Jean Mervyn Jocelyn (born 21 August 1991) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Pamplemousses as a central defender.
Career.
Born in Beau Bassin-Rose Hill, Jocelyn has played club football for Chebel Citizens, Rivière du Rempart, La Cure Sylvester and Pamplemousses.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56836161" url="?curid=56836161" title="Sin Eui-hyun">
Sin Eui-hyun

Sin Eui-hyun (born April 1, 1980) is a South Korean male cross-country skier and biathlete. He is the first South Korean Paralympic competitor to clinch a gold medal in Winter Paralympics as he achieved it in his home nation at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Career.
He made his Paralympic debut for South Korea during the 2018 Winter Paralympics and claimed the nation's first Paralympic medal during the 2018 Winter Paralympics after clinching a bronze medal in the men's 20km sitting cross-country skiing event.
Sin Eui-hyun created history after claiming South Korea’s first ever gold medal in their Winter Paralympics history, during the 2018 Winter Paralympics after emerging as the winner of the men's 7.5km classical sitting cross-country skiing event.
He was also selected as the flagbearer for South Korea during the 2018 Winter Paralympics opening ceremony as he represented the home nation, South Korea in the 2018 Winter Paralympics Parade of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="56836164" url="?curid=56836164" title="San Bernardino County Fire Department">
San Bernardino County Fire Department

The San Bernardino County Fire Protection District (SBCoFD) or The San Bernardino County Fire Protection District provides fire protection and emergency medical services to the unincorporated parts of San Bernardino County, California and to 24 incorporated cities. San Bernardino County is the largest county in the United States by area covering a total of 20,160 square miles. The San Bernardino County Fire Protection District is responsible for responding to 19,278 square miles of San Bernardino County and serves a population of over 2 million people.
History.
The history of The San Bernardino County Fire Department begins with the Fontana Fire Department which was organized in 1928 and originally covered 22.5 square miles. On November 28, 1928 Earl B. Reeves was appointed as the Chief by the fire commission. Reeves was a former Captain with the San Bernardino City Fire Department and president of the Fireman’s Relief Association of San Bernardino. He inherited a force of 12 volunteers who were mainly farmers and ranchers in the area.
The Fontana Fire Department continued to grow with the city, and in October 1953 a new recruit was hired by the name of R.J. Keen. Keen made Battalion Chief in 1958, Assistant Chief in 1968, and was named Acting Fire Chief in 1971, just 22 days prior to his 54th birthday. A year later, he was named Fire Chief of the Fontana Fire Department.
R.J. Keen approached the Muscoy Fire Protection District and the Bloomington Fire Protection District to discuss joining forces. The Fire Chief of Muscoy was Earl Mathiot and the Fire Chief of Bloomington was Nate Alvarez. An agreement was formed for a Joint Powers Authority (JPA) and this new department was called the Central Valley Fire Protection District. This occurred in 1973. Many more consolidations would soon come. Central Valley would eventually cover some 66 square miles.
With the birth of this new department, a centralized dispatch center was needed. The new location for this center would be in the front office of Fire Station 71 in Fontana. One of the key people in developing this new dispatch center was Emergency Communications Supervisor Dave Dowling. Like Keen, Dowling would be laying the groundwork for the future. Central Valley did very well, in terms of wages and reputation, and that carried them into the 1980s. In 1982, the Chino Fire Protection District joined Central Valley FPD. With the addition of the fourth agency, Central Valley FPD became the West San Bernardino Valley Fire Agency.
In 1985, Chino Fire decided to become an independent agency once again. As one department left eight others joined that year. 1985 was the year the San Bernardino County Fire Agency was formed. The San Bernardino County Fire Agency was designed to provide a management umbrella over the Districts, providing a single fire chief, administrative management, fire prevention and vehicle and training services. The joining Districts include Lake Arrowhead, Yucca Valley, Lucerne Valley, Wrightwood, Hinkley, Searles Valley, Green Valley Lake and Forest Falls.
In 1994 the County Consolidated Fire District (San Bernardino County Fire Department) was formed to manage all the fire protection districts, county service areas (CSA), and improvement zones, with the exception of CSA 38. The California Department of Forestry (CDF) continued to manage CSA 38 at that time. The District eliminated all district chief positions, encompassed all district employees, standardized pay scales and benefits and added hazardous materials, household hazardous waste code enforcement, and the Office of Emergency Services.
In 1997, in an effort to provide effective fire service and streamline cost, the County cancelled its contract with CDF and directed the unfunded areas and CSA 38 to be transferred to County Fire; bringing with it Devore, Grand Terrace, Needles, San Antonio Heights, Mentone, Phelan, Fawnskin, Baker, Harvard and the unfunded areas of the county.
In 1999 the City of Adelanto began contracting fire protection and emergency medical services with The San Bernardino County Fire Department. This contract paved the way for two other cities to contract as well; the City of Hesperia in 2004 and the City of Victorville in 2008.
The Fire Reorganization Plan was finalized and became effective July 1, 2008; dissolving 27 separate fire districts and merging them into a single fire protection district with four regional service zones. This reorganization created the San Bernardino County Fire Protection District, the parent organization that provides all administration, payroll, fiscal and support services, as County Fire’s administration had done in the past. Four regional service zones were created, leaving functions unchanged, but securing property taxes on a regional level that will provide continued fire services well into the future. In addition, within the new fire protection district, existing special taxes that were created by special elections remained in place. This reorganization has resulted in simplified budgeting and fiscal operations, greater flexibility in the use of department resources and assets and more effective use of executive management to oversee day-to-day operations.
On July 1, 2015 the Crest Forest Fire Protection District annexation into The San Bernardino County Fire Department was completed.
On July 1, 2016 the San Bernardino City Fire Department was annexed into The San Bernardino County Fire Department.
Also on July 1, 2016 the Twentynine Palms Fire Department was annexed into The San Bernardino County Fire Department.
In July 2017 the Upland Fire Department was annexed into The San Bernardino County Fire Department.
As of April 2019 the City of Victorville declined to renew their contract with The San Bernardino County Fire Department.
Divisions.
Division 1.
West Valley Division – Bloomington, Fontana, Lytle Creek, Mount Baldy, San Antonio Heights, Upland and 3 other areas
Division 2.
East Valley Division – Devore, Grand Terrace, Mentone, Muscoy, San Bernardino
Division 3.
Mountain Division – Angelus Oaks, Crestline, Fawnskin, Forest Falls, Green Valley Lake, Lake Arrowhead, Rim Forest, Twin Peaks and 7 other areas
Division 4.
South Desert Division – 29 Palms, Big River, Earp, Havasu Landing, Joshua Tree, Landers, Needles, Parker, Park Moabi, Pioneer Town, Wonder Valley, Yucca Valley
Division 5.
Adelanto, Baker, Baldy Mesa, El Mirage, Harvard, Helendale, Hesperia, Hinkley, Lucerne Valley, Mountain View Acres, Oro Grande, Phelan, Pinion Hills, Spring Valley Lake, Trona, Wrightwood
Division 11.
Special Operations and Training Division – Aviation, EMS, Safety, Training, Wildland
Division 12.
Office of the Fire Marshal
Specialized Programs.
Ambulance Operator Program.
San Bernardino County Fire's single-function paramedics are classified under their Ambulance Operator (AO) Program. Initially created under a staffing shortage with the goal of increasing the number of cross-trained paramedics on their engine companies, the AO program now exists throughout the district with single-function medics staffing every ambulance in the fleet. The AO Program began in 2014 and has now become home to 96 single-function ambulance operators (half of which are paramedics), making SBCoFD the largest fire department provider of ambulance transport in the county. There are Paramedic (Advanced Life Support) Ambulance Operators (Paramedic (ALS) AOs) and Emergency Medical Technician (Basic Life Support) Ambulance Operators (EMT (BLS) AOs).
Paramedic (Advanced Life Support) Ambulance Operators (Paramedic (ALS) AOs) are licensed paramedics that render advance emergency medical care including airway management, initiating IVs, and administering advanced life support medications. They are also trained in utilizing ecg and defibrillation to treat life-threatening heart conditions.
Emergency Medical Technician (Basic Life Support) Ambulance Operators (EMT (BLS) AOs) maintain an EMT1 certification or greater and primarily serve as an ambulance operator while also providing basic medical care to patients including bandaging wounds, taking vital signs, splinting limbs, providing CPR, and moving patients.

</doc>
<doc id="56836170" url="?curid=56836170" title="Selztaldom">
Selztaldom

The Evangelische Pfarrkirche in Großwinternheim, part of Ingelheim am Rhein, also called Selztaldom meaning "Selz valley cathedral", is a romanesque revival aisleless church built according to romaneque architecture blueprints from the Middle Rhine. The building is protected by cultural heritage management.
History.
The church was erected in 1888 according to the drawings of Heinrich von Schmidt (Munic) on the cemetery, still in use. The building time was two years. She replaced the old church in the village center, being now the fire brigades home.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is built as hall church in southward direction with a short nave and crossing as well as a diminished apse.

</doc>
<doc id="56836182" url="?curid=56836182" title="Haji Heybat Mosque">
Haji Heybat Mosque

Haji Heybat mosque () is a historical mosque of the XVIII century. It is a part of Old City and located on Kichik Gala street, in the city of Baku, in Azerbaijan.
History.
The mosque was built in 1791 (1206 of Hijri calendar). It was constructed by architect Hаji Hеybat Amir Ali оghlu.
Architectural features.
The mosque is small and it is on the row of neighborhoods. In plan, the mosque is in the form of a quadrangle. It consists of a square shaped vestibule, a service room and a worshipping room with niches.
The architectural-constructive structure of the mosque is in a local style. The mosque also consists of stone domes and pointed arches. Simply expressed entrance with crown and epigraphic inscriptions on topics of Quran and information about the architect of the monument indicate value of the mosque. At interior of the worshipping room, in one of the corners, there is a grave of the architect and his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="56836191" url="?curid=56836191" title="Sō Kuramoto">
Sō Kuramoto

, better known by his pen name , is a Japanese playwright and screenwriter.
Biography.
He was born in Tokyo on 21 December 1934. He attended Azabu High School and studied aesthetics at Tokyo University. He then found work at Nippon Broadcasting System (NBS). While an employee there, he also began submitting scripts for NBS radio programs under the pen name Sō Kuramoto, keeping his identity a secret from his employers. In 1963 he left NBS and began working as a freelancer. He had troubles around NHK's teleplay "Katsu Kaishū" and escaped to Hokkaido. After staying in Sapporo, he moved to Furano in 1977. In 1984 he established Furano Juku, a school for script-writers and actors.

</doc>
<doc id="56836197" url="?curid=56836197" title="Music for Installations">
Music for Installations


</doc>
<doc id="56836198" url="?curid=56836198" title="Music For Installations">
Music For Installations


</doc>
<doc id="56836201" url="?curid=56836201" title="Kerlson Agathe">
Kerlson Agathe

Kerlson Agathe (born 8 March 1991) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Pamplemousses as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Pamplemousses, he has played club football for Pamplemousses.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56836219" url="?curid=56836219" title="Adel Langue">
Adel Langue

Jean Anderson Adel Bruano Langue (born 17 September 1997) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo Alavés as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Quatre Bornes, he began his career with Cercle de Joachim. In 2018 he signed for French club Paris FC, and in August 2018 he signed for Spanish club Deportivo Alavés.
International career.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56836221" url="?curid=56836221" title="Shuchi Chawla">
Shuchi Chawla

Shuchi Chawla is an Indian computer scientist who works in the design and analysis of algorithms, and is known for her research on correlation clustering, information privacy, mechanism design, approximation algorithms, hardness of approximation, and algorithmic bias. She works as a professor of computer science at the University of Texas at Austin.
Education and career.
Chawla earned a bachelor's degree from the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi in 2000, and received her Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 2005. Her dissertation, "Graph Algorithms for Planning and Partitioning", was supervised by Avrim Blum. After postdoctoral studies at Stanford University under the mentorship of Tim Roughgarden, and at Microsoft Research, Silicon Valley, she joined the Wisconsin faculty in 2006.. She joined the UT-Austin faculty in 2021.
She won a Sloan Research Fellowship in 2009, and was named a Kavli Fellow in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56836224" url="?curid=56836224" title="Siege of Pskov (1615)">
Siege of Pskov (1615)

The Siege of Pskov between 9 August and 27 October 1615 was the final battle of the Ingrian War. Swedish forces under Gustav II Adolf laid siege to Pskov, but were unable to take the city. 
Prelude.
After the Battle of Klushino, the Swedish troops, located in Russia, called in 1609 by Vasily Shuisky, declared war on Russia and in 1611 occupied Novgorod land. The siege of Tikhvin in 1613 was unsuccessful for the Swedes, but in 1614 they managed to take Gdov. In 1615 the Swedish King Gustavus Adolphus intended to subdue the Pskov land.
Siege.
Approaching Pskov, the Swedes tried to take it immediately, but were repelled by the Pskov garrison with heavy losses. In front of the king, famed field marshal Evert Horn was shot dead from the wall. 
During the siege, the Swedes shelled the city with artillery, but at night Pskovites successfully closed any breach in the walls, and repeatedly made bold sallies causing the Swedes considerable losses. In September, Pskov even received reinforcements from Moscow. 
In early October, the Swedes undertook a second decisive assault. The attackers managed to occupy part of the city wall and one of the towers. However, the Pskovites managed to blow up the tower, together with the Swedes that were in it, and went into a fierce counterattack. 
After two and a half months, the Swedes withdrew from Pskov to Narva in view of the coming cold weather, as well as the high mortality from diseases and famine.
Aftermath.
After a cruel defeat, King Gustavus Adolphus decided not to continue the war with Russia. Sweden already then planned to resume the struggle with Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth for the Baltic states and was not ready for a war on two fronts. On December 15, 1615 , a truce was concluded, and both parties initiated peace negotiations that ended with Treaty of Stolbovo in 1617.

</doc>
<doc id="56836225" url="?curid=56836225" title="Peninsula Hotel (disambiguation)">
Peninsula Hotel (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836237" url="?curid=56836237" title="Matt Wordsworth">
Matt Wordsworth

Matt Wordsworth is an Australian television presenter.
Wordsworth is currently weeknight presenter of "ABC News Queensland" in Brisbane.
Career.
In January 2018, it was announced he was chosen by the ABC as the new Monday-Thursday anchor of "ABC News Queensland". Wordsworth replaced Karina Carvalho who had relocated to Sydney to present a national news bulletin on the ABC News channel.
Wordsworth had hosted the ABC's state political program "7.30 Queensland" until it was axed in late 2014.
He was also a regular Friday night presenter of the ABC's national current affairs program "Lateline" in its final year on air in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56836238" url="?curid=56836238" title="Machiloides banksi">
Machiloides banksi

Machiloides banksi is a species of rock bristletail, family of basal insects belonging to the order Archaeognatha, in the genus "Machiloides".

</doc>
<doc id="56836240" url="?curid=56836240" title="George Edward White (disambiguation)">
George Edward White (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836241" url="?curid=56836241" title="People Say (disambiguation)">
People Say (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836245" url="?curid=56836245" title="Senate (Italy)">
Senate (Italy)


</doc>
<doc id="56836247" url="?curid=56836247" title="Treasury of Russia">
Treasury of Russia


</doc>
<doc id="56836251" url="?curid=56836251" title="Adina Grand">
Adina Grand


</doc>
<doc id="56836256" url="?curid=56836256" title="Ciske de Rat (musical)">
Ciske de Rat (musical)


</doc>
<doc id="56836279" url="?curid=56836279" title="Pasley, Jeffery L.">
Pasley, Jeffery L.


</doc>
<doc id="56836282" url="?curid=56836282" title="Insufficiency fracture">
Insufficiency fracture


</doc>
<doc id="56836284" url="?curid=56836284" title="Jeffrey Lingan Pasley">
Jeffrey Lingan Pasley


</doc>
<doc id="56836289" url="?curid=56836289" title="Lorraine 12Fad Courlis">
Lorraine 12Fad Courlis


</doc>
<doc id="56836298" url="?curid=56836298" title="Nieuport-Delage NiD.540">
Nieuport-Delage NiD.540


</doc>
<doc id="56836301" url="?curid=56836301" title="Rosamund Jacob">
Rosamund Jacob


</doc>
<doc id="56836303" url="?curid=56836303" title="Nieuport-Delage NiD.580">
Nieuport-Delage NiD.580


</doc>
<doc id="56836305" url="?curid=56836305" title="3TU">
3TU


</doc>
<doc id="56836318" url="?curid=56836318" title="Aeshna athalia">
Aeshna athalia

Aeshna athalia is a species of dragonfly in the genus "Aeshna". It is found in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56836377" url="?curid=56836377" title="Charu Market">
Charu Market

Charu Market is a sub-neighbourhood of Tollygunge in Kolkata, Kolkata district, West Bengal, India.
Geography.
Police district.
Charu Market police station is located at 28, Deshpran Sashmal Road, Kolkata-700033.
Tollygunge Women's police station has jurisdiction over all the police districts in the South Division, i.e. Park Street, Shakespeare Sarani, Alipore, Hastings, Maidan, Bhowanipore, Kalighat, Tollygunge, Charu Market, New Alipur and Chetla.
Economy.
Daily markets.
Charu Chandra Market at 54/1 Charu Chandra Avenue is a private road-side market spread across 0.66 acres. Vegetables, fruits, betel leaf, fish, meat, egg and grocery are available.

</doc>
<doc id="56836388" url="?curid=56836388" title="Le Plus doux chemin">
Le Plus doux chemin

"Le Plus doux chemin" ("The Sweetest Path"), Op. 87, No. 1, is a song by Gabriel Fauré, composed in 1904. It was originally for voice and piano accompaniment, and was later arranged by the composer for voice and full orchestra.
Composition.
In this song Fauré set words by the poet Paul Armand Silvestre. It was composed in 1904 for the amateur singer Emilie Girette after her marriage to the pianist Édouard Risler. Originally for voice and piano, it was later orchestrated by Fauré as part of his incidental music for "Masques et bergamasques" (1919). Fauré composed the song in the key of F minor, but it was first published (Hamelle, Paris, 1907) in E minor.
When Fauré orchestrated the song for "Masques et bergamasques" he wrote to his wife that it was not at all well known: "for just as pianists play the same eight or ten of my pieces, so singers all sing the same songs". The pianist Graham Johnson calls it an "enchantingly mournful serenade of a persistent, if unsuccessful lover … Fauré distilled to the essentials". Both Johnson and Vladimir Jankélévitch find an autumnal quality in the song, despite the reference to "la saison nouvelle". The Fauré expert Jean-Michel Nectoux rates it among the composer's most inspired songs, and groups it with "Le Ramier", Op. 87, No. 2 and "Chanson", Op. 94 as "a kind of homogenous triptych … a cheerful but nostalgic farewell, the last sparks of the galant madrigal which Fauré had practised for so long".
Analysing the song, Johnson describes it as a madrigal with an accompaniment evoking
"the gentle plucking of a lute, although the strength of the bass line, almost a counter-melody in itself, depends on the legato tone of a piano to make its effect." 
Sources.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="56836392" url="?curid=56836392" title="1985 Academy Awards (disambiguation)">
1985 Academy Awards (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836395" url="?curid=56836395" title="Aaron Simpson (disambiguation)">
Aaron Simpson (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836399" url="?curid=56836399" title="Lorraine 14Ae Antarès">
Lorraine 14Ae Antarès


</doc>
<doc id="56836406" url="?curid=56836406" title="Bamboo (book)">
Bamboo (book)

Bamboo is a collection of non-fiction works by the Scottish writer William Boyd. It was published in the United Kingdom in 2005 by Hamish Hamilton. In the United States, a paperback version was published by Bloomsbury USA in 2007 as Bamboo: Essays and Criticism.
James Urquhart, for "The Independent", said: "Much of it is good... Boyd's art criticism is lucid, well-constructed and refreshing, possessing the unusual quality of making painters legible and interesting on the page... Perhaps his professionalism as a writer combines with his abiding interest in art to give Boyd the rare skill of translating visual idiom into intelligent prose. Unfortunately, many pieces in the later sections of Bamboo fail to rise to this standard". Urquhart's conclusion is that "Bamboo" "is solid stuff, and occasionally inspiring, but too big". "Boyd" he says "is undoubtedly a substantial writer but this block of journalism confirms the mighty labour of his workaday career, rather than the more memorable flights of fictional transcendence".
Adam Mars-Jones, who reviewed the book for "The Observer", was unimpressed. He said: "Does William Boyd write effective prose? Not often. He is neither an intellectual nor a stylist, and in the absence of rigour or sparkle Bamboo is not an enjoyable read". "Journalism", says Mars-Jones, "is normally assumed to promote economy of expression, but there's no sign of that here... The only times William Boyd's non-fiction comes alive is when he writes about art, not in general terms but when he describes a particular artist's procedures in detail... the dust falls off his prose and he seems a different writer".

</doc>
<doc id="56836410" url="?curid=56836410" title="Or operator">
Or operator


</doc>
<doc id="56836412" url="?curid=56836412" title="2018 Galway Intermediate Football Championship">
2018 Galway Intermediate Football Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56836413" url="?curid=56836413" title="Evil Maid">
Evil Maid


</doc>
<doc id="56836418" url="?curid=56836418" title="Leon Pendarvis">
Leon Pendarvis

Leroy Leon Pendarvis (born 1945) is an American session musician. He plays keyboards and is a background vocalist. He is also an occasional guitarist. The artists he has worked with over the years include Bonnie Raitt on her "Streetlights" album which was released in 1974, Van McCoy on his "Disco Baby" album which was released in 1975, Barbra Streisand on her "Songbird" album which was released in 1978, Eric Clapton on his "August" album which was released in 1986, Don Johnson on his "Let It Roll" album which was released in 1989, Avril Lavigne on her "Keep Holding On" album which was released on 2007, and many more. He was at one time a member of the group Passion. He is also the musical director and conductor for NBC's "Saturday Night Live" (SNL) Band. Since 1986 he has been a member of The Blues Brothers band. He was the husband of singer and chorist Janice Pendarvis (born Janice Gadsden), who sang for Roberta Flack, Sting, Philip Glass, David Bowie, and The Naked Brothers Band.
Background.
The son of a first-grade primary school teacher, Pendarvis grew up in South Carolina. In addition to teaching, his mother was also pianist at their church. She also gave piano lessons to make extra money. The young Pendarvis graduated from climbing up on the bench to hit the keys to being taught by his mother. He also learned to play trumpet and saxophone. He also was a bass player when he came to New York.
He was married to Janice Pendarvis (formerly Janice Gadsden) whom he had known since she was 13. They married some time after she left her parents place and moved in with her cousin Andrew Gadsden who was Pendarvis's roommate.
He is also a board member for the Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation. He was married to former Los Jovenes del Barrio singer Jillian, (born Jill Maureen Armsbury) who died on January 2009 from mesothelioma.
Career.
1970s.
He played keyboards and provided the backing vocals for Richard Roundtree's 1972 album, "The Man from Shaft".
Along with Janice Gadsden, he co-wrote "Sing a Happy Song" for Taj Mahal. He also produced the song which was released in 1978.
1980s.
He composed, recorded and mixed the original dramatic music for the music video "BAD" by Michael Jackson.
2000s.
By 2014, he had been with the Saturday Night Live Band, playing keyboards for 30 years and was the longest serving member with the outfit.
As of early 2018, Pendarvis was still the music director and band conductor for "Saturday Night Live".
Along with guitarist Larry Campbell, and bass virtuoso Pino Palladino, Pendarvis played on the 2018 Bettye LaVette album "Things Have Changed", an album of songs by Bob Dylan which was released on Verve Records.
Work with Van McCoy.
Along with Richard Tee, Pendarvis played keyboards on the Van McCoy &amp; the Soul City Symphony album, "Love Is the Answer" which was released on Avco Records in 1974. He also played clavinet and piano on their next album "Disco Baby", which contained the massive hit in 1975, "The Hustle". He played on McCoy's album "The Disco Kid", which was released on Avco Records in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="56836419" url="?curid=56836419" title="Corydalus affinis">
Corydalus affinis

Corydalus affinis is a species of dobsonfly in the genus "Corydalus". It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, and Venezuela. It is found mainly in Amazonian lowlands. Forewing length ranges from 32-58 millimeters, with the females slightly larger than the males.

</doc>
<doc id="56836426" url="?curid=56836426" title="Ernő Rozgonyi">
Ernő Rozgonyi

Ernő Rozgonyi (16 August 1933 – 4 March 2018) was a Hungarian economist and right-wing politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1998 to 2002 and from 2010 to 2014. He was a member of various right-wing political parties.
Studies.
Ernő Rozgonyi was born on 16 August 1933 in Budapest into a senior military family as the son of economist Dr. Ernő Rozgonyi, Sr. (1908–1993) and German-Italian teacher language teacher Margit Tschan (1899–1980). After the World War II, the family landholdings were confiscated by the new Communist regime. Rozgonyi graduated from the Arts section of the Petőfi Sándor State Secondary School of 1st District of Budapest in 1951. Rozgonyi was not able to pursue university studies due to his bourgeois origin. After studying in the Eötvös Lóránd Geophysical Institute, he worked as a geodesist and tried unsuccessfully entrance exams to various universities in the next twelve years. Finally, in 1962, he was admitted to the night school section of the Financial and Accounting College (today a faculty of the Budapest Business School). He obtained an economist degree there in 1966. He earned the degree of auditor's qualification in June 1973.
Career.
During the Communist regime.
He spent his military service between October 1953 and December 1956. His unit was locked in the barrack by officers of the National Air Defense and Air Force Command (OLLEP) during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Rozgonyi and his fellow soldiers were disarmed by the arriving Soviet Army on 4 November. He was discharged from the military on 5 December. He continued his work at the Maszolaj Geophysical Research Company and its successor organization National Petroleum and Gas Trust (OKGT) until March 1958.
Following that he worked for ÉM No. 44 State Construction Company as a technician since April 1958. After finishing his exam in 1966, he became an employee at the Ministry of Finance, where he participated in the draft of the New Economic Mechanism launched in 1968. He was a senior lecturer at the III. Industry and Construction Department. After the decline of the reformist movement and the New Economic Mechanism, Rozgonyi was charged of incitement against a community and was detained in September 1970. He was sentenced to a fine of 3,000 HUF by the Supreme Court. After 1974, he worked for the VI. Department of Transportation, Construction and Housing Policy. By 1984, his relationship with secretary of state Attila Madarasi has deteriorated for political reasons. As a result, he was relocated to the National Association of Co-operatives (SZÖVOSZ) and was appointed head of its Housing Co-operative Department in June 1984. He served as the last managing director of the disintegrating SZÖVOSZ from 1990 to 1992.
Political career.
During the regime change, Rozgonyi joined the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP) in 1989, which became a coalition member in the government of József Antall. Minister of Finance Mihály Kupa appointed Rozgonyi as financial director of the Treasury Property Directorate in the spring of 1992. According to his own biography, Rozgonyi struggled unsuccessfully against the "excessive privatization of state goods", as a result he applied for retirement. In 1993, he also left his party and joined the newly formed right-wing nationalist Hungarian Justice and Life Party (MIÉP).
In the 1998 parliamentary election, Rozgonyi was elected a Member of Parliament from his party's national list. He served as a deputy leader of the MIÉP caucus throughout the parliamentary term and was vice-chairman of the Audit Committee until 2002. He was also involved in the Regional Development Committee (1999–2002) and the Committee on Employment and Labor (2001–2002). He was a member of that sub-committee which investigated the allegations of corruption within the Postabank. The MIÉP failed to win any seats in the 2002 parliamentary election. Rozgonyi left the party in 2003 and was a founding member of the Hungarian National Front (MNF) which soon integrated into the Hungarian National Alliance (MNSZ) electoral cooperation. After its failure in the 2004 European Parliament election and subsequent decay, Rozgonyi joined Jobbik in that year.
Rozgonyi was elected MP via the Jobbik's Fejér County Regional List in the 2010 parliamentary election. He worked in the Audit and Budget Committee (2010, 2011–2012) and the Economic and Information Technology Committee (2010–2011). On 5 December 2012, Rozgonyi announced he left the Jobbik party and quit its parliamentary group, continuing his career as an independent MP. He objected to the party's claimed "scandal policy" and lack of professionalism. In January 2013, Rozgonyi and fellow ex-Jobbik MP Zsolt Endrésik announced that they would henceforth represent the extra-parliamentary Hungarian Justice and Life Party (MIÉP) in the National Assembly. Technically, they remained independent MPs. Following his exit from Jobbik, Rozgonyi worked in the Committee on Sustainable Development until the end of the parliamentary term in 2014.
Rozgonyi was nominated the MIÉP's candidate for the position of finance minister for the 2018 parliamentary election. He would have run for an individual seat in Óbuda, but suddenly fell ill and died in the Székesfehérvár hospital on 4 March 2018, a month before the election.

</doc>
<doc id="56836429" url="?curid=56836429" title="Franklin Boulevard Historic District (Pontiac, Michigan)">
Franklin Boulevard Historic District (Pontiac, Michigan)

The Franklin Boulevard Historic District is a primarily residential historic district located in Pontiac, Michigan along Franklin Boulevard between West Huron Street and Orchard Lake Avenue. It also contains structures along Mary Day and Henry Clay Avenues between Franklin and Miller, and some structure along West Huron between Franklin and Williams, and along West Lawrence between Williams and the railroad. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
Pontiac was founded in 1818, with the earliest development occurring downtown.The Sibley-Hoyt House, at 146 W. Lawrence St., part of the original downtown plat, started as a company farm and frame cabin in 1819 or 1820. It is the oldest structure in the district and a cornerstone of city, county, and state historical growth and development (Sibley-Hoyt House wikipedia). Residential development soon spread west, first to Lawrence and Williams Streets in 1835, when George M Williams platted lots in the area. In 1886, Henry Clay Ward platted Franklin Boulevard (named after his son) and Mary Day and Henry Clay Avenues (named after his wife and himself). Lots in this area were sold and developed at different times, leading to a mix of architectural styles through the district.
Description.
The heart of the district, along Franklin Boulevard, contains relatively large lots with large, detached, single-family houses of two-and-a-half to three stories. There is a mix of architectural styles and materials, but the streetscape is unified by a consistent 60 foot setback from the street. The houses on the adjacent Mary Day and Henry Clay Avenues are smaller in scale and on smaller lots, but are also unified by their consistent setback and similar massing.
The eastern portion of district was developed earlier, and the houses are generally older. The houses along West Huron Street and Williams Street are placed on very large lots, with substantial open space between them. The structures on West Lawrence Street are generally smaller, from one and one-half to two and one-half stories high, and on smaller lots.
Significant structures in the district include:

</doc>
<doc id="56836438" url="?curid=56836438" title="Small intestine neuroendocrine tumor">
Small intestine neuroendocrine tumor

A small intestine neuroendocrine tumor is a carcinoid in the distal small intestine or the proximal large intestine. It is a relatively rare cancer and is diagnosed in approximately 1/100000 people every year. In recent decades the incidence has increased. The prognosis is comparatively good with a median survival of more than 8 years. The disease was named by Siegfried Oberndorfer, a German pathologist, in 1907.
Signs and symptoms.
A large fraction of cases are diagnosed after routine surgery for bowel obstruction. Others may be diagnosed incidentally, or after investigation for carcinoid syndrome. The tumor typically produces serotonin, Tachykinin peptides and other substances, which cause flushing, tachycardia, diarrhea and in some cases fibrosis of the heart valves.
There are often several small and highly fibrotic tumors present in the intestine. The tumors often spread to the mesenteries and the liver.
Cause.
Familial clustering of the disease, with several relatives being diagnosed may occur. Relatives of patients have an increased risk of developing the disease.
Genetics.
The tumors often harbour loss of chromosome 18q. Mutations in "CDKN1B" are present in approximately 8% of cases.
Treatment.
The treatment traditionally consists of a combination of medical and surgical treatment. Somatostatin analogues and Interferon decrease the secretion of hormones and the resulting symptoms. Radionuclide therapy with 177-Lutetium-DOTA-Octreotate increases progression-free survival.
Traditionally, the primary tumor has been surgically removed even in the case of metastatic disease, although this was in 2017 shown not to improve survival in asymptomatic patients.

</doc>
<doc id="56836444" url="?curid=56836444" title="Special Library of Oncology">
Special Library of Oncology

The Special Library of Oncology is a central oncological library in Slovenia. It was established as an Information and Documentation Center of the Institute of Oncology Ljubljana in early 1950s.
The users of the library are physicians and other health professionals of the Institute as well as of other medical institutions, students of medicine, and also other libraries in Slovenia and abroad. Professional users can access the latest published scientific and professional literature to cater for their everyday needs.
The library is an active member of the Slovenian bibliographic cataloging system.

</doc>
<doc id="56836445" url="?curid=56836445" title="Alexandr Kolyadin">
Alexandr Kolyadin

Alexandr Kolyadin (born 20 February 1973) is a Kazakhstani male cross-country skier. He has competed at the Winter Paralympics in 2014 and 2018. Alexandr Kolyadin claimed his first Paralympic medal at the age of 45 after claiming the gold medal in the men's 1.5km sprint classic standing cross-country skiing event during the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56836448" url="?curid=56836448" title="I Need You (M83 song)">
I Need You (M83 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836449" url="?curid=56836449" title="List of burials at Melbourne General Cemetery">
List of burials at Melbourne General Cemetery

This is a list of notable individuals buried at Melbourne General Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56836450" url="?curid=56836450" title="Koma Unwind Modified Madness Series">
Koma Unwind Modified Madness Series


</doc>
<doc id="56836461" url="?curid=56836461" title="Where the Boats Go">
Where the Boats Go


</doc>
<doc id="56836464" url="?curid=56836464" title="Raconte-moi une histoire">
Raconte-moi une histoire


</doc>
<doc id="56836466" url="?curid=56836466" title="Raconte-moi une histoire (song)">
Raconte-moi une histoire (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836469" url="?curid=56836469" title="Train to Pluton">
Train to Pluton


</doc>
<doc id="56836471" url="?curid=56836471" title="2018 Campeonato Paulista knockout stage">
2018 Campeonato Paulista knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2018 Campeonato Paulista began on 17 March with the quarter-final and concluded on 8 April 2018 with the final. A total of eight teams competed in the knockout stage. Corinthians were the champions.
Round and draw dates.
All draws held at Federação Paulista de Futebol headquarters in São Paulo, Brazil.
Format.
Each tie is played over two legs, with the team with the best placing in the general table playing the second leg at home. The quarterfinals are played between the winners and runners-up of each group. In the semifinals the best team (first) will face the team with the worst campaign (fourth), while the second will face the team with the third best campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="56836473" url="?curid=56836473" title="This Bright Flash">
This Bright Flash


</doc>
<doc id="56836475" url="?curid=56836475" title="When Will You Come Home?">
When Will You Come Home?


</doc>
<doc id="56836476" url="?curid=56836476" title="Soon, My Friend">
Soon, My Friend


</doc>
<doc id="56836479" url="?curid=56836479" title="Mirror (M83 song)">
Mirror (M83 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836483" url="?curid=56836483" title="My Tears Are Becoming a Sea">
My Tears Are Becoming a Sea


</doc>
<doc id="56836484" url="?curid=56836484" title="New Map">
New Map


</doc>
<doc id="56836489" url="?curid=56836489" title="Another Wave from You">
Another Wave from You


</doc>
<doc id="56836491" url="?curid=56836491" title="Groom Mine">
Groom Mine

Groom Mine, located in Lincoln County, Nevada, first opened in the 1870s. Most mining in the area, mostly of silver chloride ores, had finished by 1874. Groom Mine continued to operate, finally ceasing operations in 1954. By 1956, official recordings of products of the Groom Mining District, which includes Groom Mine, shows that lead was the bulk of minerals harvested, which also included of silver and about of gold. During World War II, Groom Mine became surrounded by military activity, which continued into the 21st century. In the 1950s, the mine was exposed to fallout from nuclear testing that was being carried out at the Nevada Test Site. During the late 20th century, military activities, including the destruction of a mill and the restriction of access to the mine, continued to affect work there. The United States Government seized the mine under eminent domain from its previous owners in 2015. Just compensation was set at $1.204 million by the United States District Court, District of Nevada (Las Vegas), Judge Miranda Du presiding.
Background.
The rocks in the range date back to the Paleozoic era; the site is also covered by Tertiary rocks on its east and north sides. Prior to European exploration, the region was inhabited by Southern Paiute Native Americans. Following the discovery of minerals in the Comstock Lode in 1859, prospecting of other areas in Nevada began. Mining in the area began in the late 1860s, after minerals were discovered in the Groom Range in 1864. A mining district to organize claims, called Groom District, was formed in 1869. In 1871, the area was documented in the Wheeler Survey.
History.
Mining.
Human habitation at the Groom Mine site may have begun as early as 1866. A patent for the Groom Mine was issued in 1872 and in 1885, the Sheahan family acquired the property. The mine was three days' travel from Indian Springs and above sea level, making it very isolated. According to Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology in 1998, the property claim, which is commonly referred to as Groom, is officially named "Conception".
In addition to the Conception claim, other claims in Groom Distract were made and held by the Sheahan family. From 1915 until 1917, the mine was leased to Tom McCormick, who worked the mine. In September 1917, a miner from Austria-Hungary who was employed by Groom Mining Company died at the mine. In the mid-to-late 1910s the mine produced silver worth about $250,000. The shipping of mined products became difficult with the closing of the Las Vegas and Tonopah Railroad at the end of that decade, which caused the mine to become temporarily idle. By 1922, the mine had two shafts, the longest being deep.
In 1942, construction of a mill that used a gravity and flotation method began; a source later referred to this mill as a concentration mill. By 1951, four people were living at the mine and the concentration mill had been completed. Ore from Groom Mine, from which lead and silver were extracted, was found to contain cerussite and galena. Beginning in 1950, roads approaching the mine from the west were closed due to military activities, leading to the Sheahan family and Lincoln County to build a road from the east; this is referred to as Groom Road in a 1986 report. During the 1950s, mining operations paused due to nearby nuclear tests. In 1954, production from the mine ended due to the destruction of a mill at the mine.
Until 1956, the mine product totaled almost a million dollars in several minerals, including copper, silver, and gold; In 1977, the United States Bureau of Mines valued the output of Groom mine products at $3.75 million. It was the most productive mine in the Groom Mining District and had been worked on by three generations of the Sheahan family. Based on panning samples near Groom Mine, the area may also contain deposits of antimony, barium, lead, mercury, and zinc. By 1959, the Sheahan family moved away from the mine but visited their property regularly. In 1984, the Sheahan family, who still owned the Groom Mine, also had the legal rights to most of the other 22 patented mining claims nearby. According to the Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology, it was estimated in 1963 that there is of material that can be mined at Groom Mine. A 1990 Bureau of Land Management report stated that due to restricted access to the mine, it would lead to "potential loss of income through inability to expand or further develop the claims". Until late 2015, the Sheahan family periodically blasted for minerals at the mine; by this time the family had owned the mine for 130 years.
Military interaction.
In 1941, Groom Mine was visited by individuals who stayed at the mine with the Sheahan family while surveying the area for a gunnery and bombing range to be used during World War II. The outhouse and bunkhouse at the mine were accidentally strafed during the war by aircraft using the Las Vegas Bombing and Gunnery Range. Beginning in the 1950s, Groom Mine began to be impacted by nuclear tests at the Nevada Test Site; Groom Mine was away. In 1951, the Atomic Energy Commission informed the Sheahan family of the planned detonations and set up instrumentation at the mine. The instrumentation was monitored by an employee of the United States Public Health Service, who lived at the mine along with the Sheahan family. The first mention of a nuclear tests impacting operations at Groom Mine was the Operation Tumbler–Snapper Easy Test, which led to the mine being evacuated due to its proximity to the detonation. Following the detonation, measurements of radiation at the mine reached 0.19 roentgen per hour. It caused some structural damage, breaking the front door of the Sheahan's home. Further away, fallout impacted nearby Tempiute. Returning to the mine had to be done using a different route; the normal route was too radioactive to travel on. The following Fox test in late May 1952 led to fallout falling on the mine; the highest-recorded radiation was 0.32 roentgen per hour. It was, however, the view of the Atomic Energy Commission that the nuclear detonations "had not subjected Groom Mine personnel to any real danger from fallout".
By May 1952, most of the Sheahan family had evacuated the mine and moved to Las Vegas. In July 1952, Martha, a member of the family who had been exposed to fallout, was diagnosed with cancer. Following Operation Upshot–Knothole, the Sheahan family attempted to sell their claim to the Atomic Energy Commission but it refused, fearing it would set a precedent; instead the family received $1,100 for losses and damages resulting from the Operation Tumbler-Snapper tests. Following the adverse environmental impact observed by the two remaining family members at the mine caused by Upshot-Knothole Harry, the Atomic Energy Commission said the blasts were designed to produce winds from the testing area towards Groom rather than towards Las Vegas.
During 1953, the property was strafed and during the summer a bomb destroyed the mine's mill; no specific claim was made by the Sheahan family against the United States Air Force (USAF) for the event. In 1954, the mining buildings were strafed by aircraft using Nellis Air Force Gunnery and Bombing Range. In 1956, the Sheahan family and others filed lawsuits against the Atomic Energy Commission because of damage caused by nuclear testing. In 1959, the lawsuit was withdrawn when the Sheahan family ran out of funds to continue legal action. The property on which the mine is located has a view of an airfield known as Area 51. In the 1970s and 1980s, armed personnel arrived when the Sheahan family came onto their property, sometimes locking them into their own buildings.
In 1984, the USAF seized lands around Groom Mine, restricting access to the mine for the Sheahan family. Some of the Sheahan family were issued with security clearances after 1984. In 1986, the 1953 mill-destruction event was entered into the record of a subcommittee of the United States House Committee on Natural Resources. In 1987, the position of the United States Air Force was, "we don't want to go in and tell them to get the hell out". In 1989, although it was within the Nevada Test and Training Range, the United States Air Force allowed claimants access to their claims within the Groom Mining District, including Groom Mine.
Government ownership.
Beginning in late 2014, the United States Department of Defense attempted to purchase the property from the Sheahan family, originally offering $1.5 million. By August 2015, the USAF had raised the offer to $5.2 million; the family continued rejecting the offers. In August 2015, a government press release described the mine as a "safety and security risk", even though the Sheahan family had not disclosed any activities of the Groom Lake facility. In September 2015, the commander of the Nevada Test and Training Range stated that the existence of the mine within the range led to "tremendous expense" due to "canceling missions when they came out"; secret operations at the base could not proceed when civilians were present on the Sheahan's property within easy view of the installation. On 16 September 2015, the property was condemned under eminent domain and given to the United States Government by a court order signed by federal Judge Miranda Du.
It was not determined at the time of transfer of ownership how much the Sheahan family would receive in just compensation for the government acquisition of Groom Mine; the USAF in 2015 estimated the land to be worth $1.2 million. In November 2015, the Sheahan family suggested the mine be protected as a national historic site; this coincides with a suggestion in a 1980s USAF report that recommended nominating Groom Mining District to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. By 2016, the USAF only valued Groom Mine at under a third of a million dollars; the Sheahan family's legal counsel valued the property as being worth over $100 million. In 2017, the family claimed they were forced to leave millions of dollars worth of property at Groom Mine following the seizure; part of the property which was abandoned includes an antique anvil that was missing when personal property was reviewed in November 2015. In August 2019, it was reported that the family was hoping to have a jury trial to determine the value of the property. The trial was ultimately conducted in front of a three-member Land Commission. Prior to trial, the landowners accepted the Government's valuation of the mineral interests at $104,000 and went to trial only to contest the value of the surface rights. The landowner's experts valued those rights at $50 million based on the property being developed into a commercial tourism enterprise offering views of Area 51. The Government's experts valued it at $254,000 based on continued use as a rural recreation retreat. On May 29, 2020 the Land Commission ruled that just compensation for the taking of the surface rights is $1,100,000 based on the property's continued use for rural recreation, with a premium over the Government's valuation to account for its view of Area 51 and its historic use as a family owned mining operation.

</doc>
<doc id="56836496" url="?curid=56836496" title="Splendor (song)">
Splendor (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836498" url="?curid=56836498" title="Splendor (M83 song)">
Splendor (M83 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836499" url="?curid=56836499" title="Year One, One UFO">
Year One, One UFO


</doc>
<doc id="56836500" url="?curid=56836500" title="Fountains (song)">
Fountains (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836501" url="?curid=56836501" title="Fountains (M83 song)">
Fountains (M83 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56836508" url="?curid=56836508" title="Echoes of Mine">
Echoes of Mine


</doc>
<doc id="56836509" url="?curid=56836509" title="Klaus I Love You">
Klaus I Love You


</doc>
<doc id="56836525" url="?curid=56836525" title="Euglossa villosa">
Euglossa villosa

Euglossa villosa is a species of orchid bee in the genus "Euglossa". It has been found in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama.
Description.
It is a metallic green with a bronzy iridescence on the mesoscutum, metatibia, and metasoma.

</doc>
<doc id="56836528" url="?curid=56836528" title="The Devil Plays">
The Devil Plays

The Devil Plays is a 1931 American mystery film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Jameson Thomas, Florence Britton and Thomas E. Jackson. It was given a British release under the alternative title of The Murdock Affair.

</doc>
<doc id="56836529" url="?curid=56836529" title="The Murdock Affair">
The Murdock Affair


</doc>
<doc id="56836532" url="?curid=56836532" title="Nick's Hamburger Shop">
Nick's Hamburger Shop

Nick's Hamburger Shop is a building at 427 Main Ave. in Brookings, South Dakota, United States, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is also included in the Brookings Commercial Historic District, which is also National Register-listed.
Its front is divided into two narrow store fronts, one used by the Main Barbershop and one by Nick's. Built in 1932, the building originally was in plan; it was expanded in 1962 by a rear addition for a kitchen area.

</doc>
<doc id="56836537" url="?curid=56836537" title="Charlotte (ship)">
Charlotte (ship)


</doc>
<doc id="56836541" url="?curid=56836541" title="Whittingham railway station (Northumberland)">
Whittingham railway station (Northumberland)

Whittingham railway station served the village of Whittingham, Northumberland, England from 1887 to 1953 on the Cornhill Branch.
History.
The station opened on 5 September 1887 by the North Eastern Railway. It was situated on the north side of an unnamed road and immediately west of the junction at the A697. The station had five sidings on the west side, one serving a goods shed, three serving a goods platform and the last one serving a coal drop and a weighbridge.
The station closed to passengers on 22 September 1930 and to goods traffic on 2 March 1953.
Despite there being no passenger service the station site was host to a LNER camping coach from 1935 to 1939 and may have had a coach visiting in 1934 and 1935. Camping coach residents were transported to and from the coach in a passenger carriage attached to parcels trains.
In 2009 the station was bought by a private individual, in order to transform it into his residence. The work of restoration was documented in the episode "Victorian Railway Station" of the television series The Restoration Man. By 2016 the restoration work is still going.

</doc>
<doc id="56836549" url="?curid=56836549" title="Kryer Mountain">
Kryer Mountain

Kryer Mountain is a ridge in Pulaski county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. It is located in the northeastern foothills of the Ouachita Mountains near Roland between the Arkansas and Big Maumelle river valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="56836568" url="?curid=56836568" title="Seagram (disambiguation)">
Seagram (disambiguation)

Seagram was a Canadian alcoholic beverages company.
Seagram may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56836586" url="?curid=56836586" title="Layla Baalbaki">
Layla Baalbaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836587" url="?curid=56836587" title="Leila Baalbaki">
Leila Baalbaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836588" url="?curid=56836588" title="Laila Baalbaki">
Laila Baalbaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836589" url="?curid=56836589" title="Patrick O'Neil (footballer)">
Patrick O'Neil (footballer)

Patrick O'Neil (born 31 March 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish League One side Dumbarton.

</doc>
<doc id="56836592" url="?curid=56836592" title="Layla Baalbakki">
Layla Baalbakki


</doc>
<doc id="56836593" url="?curid=56836593" title="Leila Baalbakki">
Leila Baalbakki


</doc>
<doc id="56836594" url="?curid=56836594" title="Laila Baalbakki">
Laila Baalbakki


</doc>
<doc id="56836596" url="?curid=56836596" title="Leila Balabakki">
Leila Balabakki


</doc>
<doc id="56836598" url="?curid=56836598" title="Laila Balabakki">
Laila Balabakki


</doc>
<doc id="56836614" url="?curid=56836614" title="Layla Balabaki">
Layla Balabaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836617" url="?curid=56836617" title="Leila Balabaki">
Leila Balabaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836621" url="?curid=56836621" title="Laila Balabaki">
Laila Balabaki


</doc>
<doc id="56836631" url="?curid=56836631" title="Done for Me">
Done for Me

"Done for Me" is a song by American singer Charlie Puth, featuring guest vocals from American singer Kehlani. It was written by Puth, Kehlani, Jacob Kasher, John Ryan and produced by Puth, it was released by Atlantic Records on March 15, 2018, as the third single from Puth's sophomore studio album, "Voicenotes" (2018).
Background.
The artists first teased the duet a day before its release, with a black-and-white photo of the two, which was captioned with the release date. The song premiered on Beats 1, where Puth revealed to host Zane Lowe about collaborating with Kehlani: "You know when you meet somebody and you just know that you're going to be friends with them for a really really long time? That was her when I met her. She's just such a warm and outgoing person and just such a good distinct voice." He also added that they have been "looking forward to doing something together" ever since they covered "Hotline Bling" in 2015. "I made this record...I produced this after an unsuccessful party in L.A., which is what all these records are based off of on my album. But I just went home played these, I have my little Juno keyboard over there that I had. I had gotten it that night and I just hit one of these settings here and just played a B-minor cord and it just made me think of Wham!, it made me think of 1988, and I put that chord down and I immediately thought of Kehlani too," he said of the recording process.
Composition.
"Done for Me" is a pop and neo soul ballad that features a "liquid", "electronic" bass line, "a couple synth horns and some vaguely stoney reverb", as well as a "dejected, inward-looking vibe" and "warm synthesizers reminiscent of classic '80s pop". According to Puth, there are "no pop chords in the song but it's a pop song", and it draws inspiration from '80s English musical duo Wham!
Critical reception.
In a positive review, Hugh McIntyre of "Forbes" deemed the song "a slightly soulful, but still primarily poppy affair", writing that "it fits in perfectly with what Puth has been doling out during this era". He noticed the song's funk influences, praising Puth for "relying primarily on his own talent to deliver some of the best pop created with actual instruments (as opposed to utilizing solely computers and studio wizardry) being released today", despite his ability to "partner with any top-tier producer in the business". Morgan Enos of "Billboard" described the song as "both classic-sounding in that big-board, Thriller vein of records and modern-seeming without adding too many 2010s signifiers". Mike Nied of Idolator praised the song, writing: "Boasting a danceable beat and enviable production, it is shaping up to be another surefire hit."
Music video.
The official music video was released on April 21, 2018, on YouTube.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from Qobuz.

</doc>
<doc id="56836633" url="?curid=56836633" title="Done For Me">
Done For Me


</doc>
<doc id="56836634" url="?curid=56836634" title="The Last Ride (1931 film)">
The Last Ride (1931 film)

The Last Ride is a 1931 American crime film directed by Duke Worne and starring Dorothy Revier, Virginia Brown Faire and Charles Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="56836635" url="?curid=56836635" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836637" url="?curid=56836637" title="Virginia State Route 621 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836639" url="?curid=56836639" title="Virginia State Route 621 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836660" url="?curid=56836660" title="Gifu Swoops">
Gifu Swoops

The Gifu Swoops is a professional basketball team that competes in the third division of the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56836662" url="?curid=56836662" title="List of Solar System objects most distant from the Sun in 2018">
List of Solar System objects most distant from the Sun in 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56836669" url="?curid=56836669" title="Individuals and groups assisting Jews during the Holocaust">
Individuals and groups assisting Jews during the Holocaust


</doc>
<doc id="56836676" url="?curid=56836676" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836677" url="?curid=56836677" title="Northangera">
Northangera

Northangera is a locality in the Queanbeyan-Palerang Region, Southern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia. The name Northangera was assigned on 13 July 2001. It lies on the Kings Highway about 100 km east of Canberra and 15 km east of Braidwood. At the , it had a population of 43. 
The area now known as Northangera lies on the traditional lands of the Walbanga people, a group of the Yuin. 
It had a "half-time" School from 1921 to 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="56836680" url="?curid=56836680" title="Virginia State Route 622 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836681" url="?curid=56836681" title="Virginia State Route 622 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836682" url="?curid=56836682" title="Sophie Oxholm">
Sophie Oxholm

Sophie Marguerite Oxholm née Bech (25 December 1848 – 3 September 1935) was a Danish noblewoman who was active in the initial planning of the 1895 Copenhagen Women's Exhibition. She was the owner of Rosenfeldt at Vordingborg from 1914 to 1935.
Early life and family.
Born on 25 December 1848 in Poughkeepsie, New York State, Sophie Oxholm Bech was the daughter of the Danish consul, Edvard Bech (1812–1873), and Charlotte Elizabeth née McCarthy (1812–1900). On 9 September 1892, she married the estate owner and nobleman Carl O'Neill Oxholm of Rosenfeldt (1843–1914), a son of Maj. Gen. Oscar O'Neill Oxholm.
The Women's Exhibition in Copenhagen.
Oxholm, who had visited the 1893 World's Fair in Chicago, was impressed by its presentations, especially the show of Danish needlework. On her return to Denmark, she immediately brought a number of influential women together with a view to arranging a Nordic women's exhibition in Copenhagen the following year. Despite initial enthusiasm, as a result of budgetary and management problems, it was announced in February 1894 that the exhibition would not be held until 1895.
After experiencing difficulty in managing the arrangements, Oxholm gave up her position as head of the coordinating committee in early 1895. She was replaced by Bertha Buch of the Women's Society but it was Emma Gad (1852–1921) who took care of the practical arrangements..
Late life.
Oxholm fell into financial difficulties after her husband's death in 1914 and declared bankruptcy. She died on 3 September 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="56836689" url="?curid=56836689" title="Cuman-Kipchak confederation">
Cuman-Kipchak confederation


</doc>
<doc id="56836691" url="?curid=56836691" title="Upon a Time (John Abercrombie album)">
Upon a Time (John Abercrombie album)

Upon a Time is a studio album by American jazz guitarist John Abercrombie with drummer George Marsh and bassist Mel Graves. The album was recorded in California in 1982 and released by New Albion Records in 1989.
Reception.
A reviewer of Allmusic awarded the album two stars out of five, stating "John Abercrombie's 1989 release "Upon a Time" is, as the subtitle points out, an album of duets, mostly with bassist Mel Graves and drummer George Marsh. While bass and drum solos are often the punchlines of musical jokes, Graves and Marsh are skilled players with enough good taste to keep the flashiness to an interesting minimum. As for guitarist Abercrombie, his playing is typically brilliant, whether picking out the traditional melody of 'My Scottish Heart' or moving into a more impressionistic sonic arena in tracks like 'In the Woods' or 'Chuck Man Rivers.' Earthier and more expressly jazz-based than many releases on the ECM-affiliated New Albion label, "Upon a Time" is a satisfying, richly rewarding album."

</doc>
<doc id="56836698" url="?curid=56836698" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836700" url="?curid=56836700" title="Virginia State Route 623 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836702" url="?curid=56836702" title="Virginia State Route 623 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836708" url="?curid=56836708" title="Siege of Tikhvin">
Siege of Tikhvin

The Siege of Tikhvin was a part of the Ingrian War and the Time of Troubles.
Prelude.
After the Battle of Klushino, Swedish troops, who had been summoned to Russia in 1609 by Vasily Shuisky, declared war on Russia and in 1611 occupied Novgorod and Tikhvin.
On June 4, 1613, local Streltsy and noblemen rose up against the Swedish garrison and destroyed it. Upon learning of this, the Swedes undertook a punitive expedition to Tikhvin and burned the town, but could not take the Assumption Monastery.
Siege of the Tikhvin Monastery.
Tikhvin was approached by a detachment of tsarist troops, headed by Prince Semyon Prozorovsky. Meanwhile, the Swedes assembled a 5,000-strong army, which included German infantry, Finnish Reiters, 2,000 Lithuanian riders, as well as artillery and engineers.
However, counterattacks by the defenders of the monastery obstructed the siege works, and on September 17 the defenders repulsed the first general assault. In the Swedish camp riots began, connected with late payment of salaries. On September 23, the Swedes, who learned of the acute shortage of gunpowder and lead in the fortress, made a second assault. Even women and children participated in the defense. Again the Swedes were beaten off, after which the defenders counterattacked and forced the enemy to retreat, leaving behind their siegeworks and equipment.
Aftermath.
Prince Semyon Prozorovsky later became a benefactor of the monastery and in old age took monastic vows there.

</doc>
<doc id="56836710" url="?curid=56836710" title="Simba, Kenya">
Simba, Kenya

Simba is a small village along the Mombasa Road (A109), some 140 kilometers southeast of Nairobi, between Emali and Kiboko. It is situated on the boundary of the Makueni and Kajiado counties. The Simba Plains are located some 10 kilometers due south.
The top of Simba hill is 1,226 metres above sea level. The area around Simba is hilly towards west, but flat towards the east. The highest point nearby is 1,449 metres above sea level, 2.4 km west of Simba. Around Simba, it is quite densely populated, with 108 inhabitants per sq. km. The nearest larger community is Makueni, 3.2 km east of Simba. The surroundings of Simba are mainly savanna, and there are several named forests.
A savanna climate prevails in the area, with annual average temperature of 23°C. The warmest month is October, when the average temperature is 26°C, and the coldest is April, at 20°C. The average annual precipitation is 840 millimeters. The highest rainfall month is November, with an average of 201 mm, and the driest is July, with only 1 mm rainfall on average.

</doc>
<doc id="56836711" url="?curid=56836711" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836715" url="?curid=56836715" title="Virginia State Route 624 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836716" url="?curid=56836716" title="Matthaios of Edessa">
Matthaios of Edessa


</doc>
<doc id="56836717" url="?curid=56836717" title="Empire Broadcasting Corporation">
Empire Broadcasting Corporation

Empire Broadcasting Corporation was a local media and entertainment company. Assets included four radio station frequencies in the Capital Region of New York. 
Empire sold the last of its assets in October 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56836718" url="?curid=56836718" title="Virginia State Route 624 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836721" url="?curid=56836721" title="A Blonde for a Night">
A Blonde for a Night

A Blonde for a Night is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper and F. McGrew Willis and starring Marie Prevost, Franklin Pangborn and Harrison Ford.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Stephen Goosson.
Premise.
After an argument with her husband on their honeymoon in Paris, a wife disguises herself as a blonde woman to test her husband's fidelity.

</doc>
<doc id="56836723" url="?curid=56836723" title="Döbra (Selbitz)">
Döbra (Selbitz)


</doc>
<doc id="56836727" url="?curid=56836727" title="Vlach-Bulgar Rebellion">
Vlach-Bulgar Rebellion


</doc>
<doc id="56836735" url="?curid=56836735" title="Spanaway, Wa.">
Spanaway, Wa.


</doc>
<doc id="56836741" url="?curid=56836741" title="Fiddlehead (band)">
Fiddlehead (band)

Fiddlehead is an American post-hardcore supergroup consisting of Patrick Flynn and Shawn Costa of Have Heart, Alex Henery of Basement and members of the bands Big Contest, Intent, Youth Funeral, Death Injection and Glory.
History.
Fiddlehead released their first EP in 2014, titled "Out of the Bloom". In 2018, Fiddlehead signed to the Boston record label Run for Cover Records and released their debut full-length album titled "Springtime and Blind". In 2021, they released their second full-length on Run for Cover, “Between the Richness.” 
Discography.
Studio albums
EPs

</doc>
<doc id="56836748" url="?curid=56836748" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836750" url="?curid=56836750" title="Virginia State Route 625 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836751" url="?curid=56836751" title="ANRIL">
ANRIL


</doc>
<doc id="56836756" url="?curid=56836756" title="Vinal (disambiguation)">
Vinal (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56836766" url="?curid=56836766" title="Issig">
Issig


</doc>
<doc id="56836768" url="?curid=56836768" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836770" url="?curid=56836770" title="Virginia State Route 626 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836799" url="?curid=56836799" title="Sophie Marguerite Oxholm">
Sophie Marguerite Oxholm


</doc>
<doc id="56836826" url="?curid=56836826" title="Virginia State Route 627 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836838" url="?curid=56836838" title="Agent in Place">
Agent in Place

Agent in Place is the seventh novel by Mark Greaney, published on February 20, 2018 by Berkley Books. It is also the seventh book in the Gray Man series. The novel puts its main character Court Gentry at the forefront of the civil war in Syria, as he helps a group of expatriates take down the Syrian president's brutal regime. The book debuted at number 7 at The New York Times bestseller list.
Plot summary.
Two months after his CIA operation in Hong Kong, freelance mercenary Court Gentry is hired for a contract job in Paris by a group of Syrian exiles through former French intelligence officer Vincent Voland. His job is to kidnap Bianca Medina, a Spanish fashion model and Syrian President Ahmed al-Azzam's mistress, and then deliver her to the exiles so that they can gather information from her about a secret meeting between President Azzam and the Supreme Leader of Iran, in which she was present. They believe that the revelation of Azzam's secret talks with the Iranians, in which he permitted them to build military bases in Syria, would anger the Russians, who were his allies in the civil war, for betrayal; this would then cause discord among the three parties and lead to the destabilization of Azzam's regime.
Later that night, Court captures Medina from her private apartment, while also rescuing her from assassins sent by ISIS in the process. After delivering her to the FSEU, led by husband and wife doctors Tarek and Rima Halaby, he berates them for giving him faulty information about the attackers and then leaves them, finished with his job. The attackers were found out to be provided information on Medina's whereabouts (albeit presented as her being a concubine of the emir of Kuwait, who was an enemy of ISIS) by Azzam's powerful wife Shakira, who wanted the Spanish model dead after finding out about their affair and fearing that she might replace her one day as first lady of Syria.
The Halabys try to secure Medina's cooperation, but their plan becomes complicated as Bianca reveals that she gave birth to a child with Azzam, who was named Jamal after his father. She further insists that she would rather go back to war-torn Syria and care for her child rather than betray Azzam. Medina was later kept in a secluded safehouse owned by French domestic intelligence (DGSI) as suggested by Voland.
Desperate to earn her cooperation, the Halabys try to retask Gentry with another job: spirit away Medina's infant son from Syria in what is considered a suicide mission, which Court initially refuses. He later rescues the Halabys from being tortured for Medina's whereabouts by two French police officers sent by Swiss bank consultant &amp; Shakira's right-hand man Sebastian Drexler. Court then agrees to rescue Medina's son as well as his babysitter, named Yasmin, from Damascus after she allows him to do so.
Meanwhile, Shakira sends Drexler to Paris in order to find and eliminate Medina; however, this coincides with a rescue mission for Medina that President Azzam assigned for him. Upon arriving in Paris under a stolen identity (since he was wanted by the Interpol, and Voland in particular, for his crimes as a former field operative), he plans to leave the Azzams after fulfilling the operations by faking his death. Drexler then forces French police captain Henri Sauvage to continue working for him in hunting down Medina after his colleagues had been killed by Gentry and Drexler's henchmen working for Syrian intelligence (Mukhabarat), led by Malik.
Court secures a job inside Syria as a mercenary for a German-based private military company working with pro-regime army Desert Hawks Brigade, which will provide his cover as he works on rescuing Medina's son. He then arrives at the city of Latakia, and takes part in a convoy of Mukhabarat officials which, after surviving an ambush by local al Qaeda outfit Al Nusra Front, proceeds to the capital of Damascus. Since communication devices were not allowed in the military camp where he was staying, Court later steals a phone from an Arab soldier on a night out with his fellow contractors in order to contact Medina, instigating a barfight in the process. After she gives him the location of her house, he infiltrates her home and then extracts Jamal and Yasmin amidst gunfire from pursuing Syrian forces.
Meanwhile, Sauvage identifies the location of the FSEU safehouse where Medina is being kept, which he relays to Drexler as well as Malik and his men. They infiltrate the estate, making Voland surrender himself to them and killing Tarek in the process. Rima manages to let Medina escape and then sets fire to the house; she was also killed. As Drexler and his henchmen leave the burning building, Sauvage and Malik find Medina running away and then capture her.
Court calls Voland and informs him of the successful extraction, but the French intelligence officer tells him about what had happened in the safehouse. Gentry becomes livid, but later offers to assassinate President Azzam in an effort to salvage the failed operation. Voland agrees to let Gentry be his agent in place in Syria, as long as he arranges for the extraction of Jamal and Yasmin out of the country. Court then lets Jamal and Yasmin stay in the home of Syrian doctor Shawkat Saddiqi, who is a friend of the Halabys.
Court maintains his cover as a mercenary. Amidst clearing a ruined refinery with his fellow contractors, Court gathers information about President Azzam's upcoming trip to a Russian military base in Palmyra from a Desert Hawks battalion command post stationed there. Afterwards, Court tries to alert the nearby enemy to his team's presence in order to use the impending gunfight as a diversion to contact Voland about the intel. However, he was captured by a Special Forces unit in the ensuing firefight.
Meanwhile, Drexler, Sauvage, Medina, and Malik and his men arrive in Athens, Greece to smuggle themselves back to Syria. As they prepare to board the ship for Damascus, Drexler tries to carry out his plan, which is to kill his companions and then escape the Mukhabarat operatives who were waiting for them. However, his plan goes awry when Sauvage shoots him, knocking him unconscious; still, the French police officer was also killed by the Swiss. Meanwhile, Voland, who had tracked the group to the Greek port, rescues Medina from the firefight. Drexler is then left to be rescued by the Syrian operatives waiting in the ship bound for Syria.
After identifying himself to his captors as an American with military experience, Court manages to call his boss in the CIA, Matthew Hanley, to authorize his assassination of President Azzam. By the time that the Syrian president visited the Russian military base, he manages to shoot Azzam in the face with a sniper rifle from a mile away. However, the Syrian president was whisked out of the line of fire; Court and his Syrian interpreter Abdul escape from pursuing Russian forces, but they were captured by ISIS fighters.
The next day, Court and Abdul, as well as other prisoners, were brought to a lake to be executed one by one by their captors. When it became his turn to be executed, Court manages to break free and then kills his executioners, while Abdul and the other prisoners disable their guards. Court and Abdul were then rescued by the Special Forces unit, who tell them that Azzam had died from his gunshot wound.
Meanwhile, Jamal and Yasmin had been extracted into Jordan, where they were reunited with Medina. After Azzam's death, Shakira was forced into exile in Switzerland, helped by Drexler, who had escaped death when her husband was killed, and his employer bank. Months later, Voland tracks the two down and sends Court to assassinate them. He kills Shakira; however, Drexler manages to escape even though he was wounded. After the operation, Gentry returns to the CIA for a new one.
Development.
The book had a working title of "Weaponized", and was originally centered on Court Gentry trying to stop the transport of sarin gas into Syria. But Greaney said: “That was already going on, and I just felt like by the time this book comes out, the Syrian government gassing their people was going to have been going on for years. Once I changed that, ‘Weaponized’ no longer meant anything to the story.” The title Agent in Place was suggested by his editor Tom Colgan, who thought fit the story, since the term refers to an operative who has penetrated into an intelligence target, which is Gentry’s role in the novel.
The author researched for the novel on location in Paris, France and did some research on the Syrian Civil War. Greaney points out that Agent in Place is different from previous Gray Man novels: “Court’s motivations are different this time out. He has new allies and new enemies, and you’ll meet some new characters you can expect to see in later installments.” He furthermore stated, “It’s a spy novel and an action novel, but at its core, it’s a story about valor and vengeance, and the perseverance of the human spirit despite the horrors of war.”
Reception.
Commercial.
Agent in Place debuted at number 7 at the Combined Print &amp; E-Book Fiction category of the New York Times bestseller list during the week of March 11, 2018, making it Greaney's second top 10 novel in the Gray Man series after "Gunmetal Gray". It was also at number 10 at the Hardcover Fiction category of the same list, and also debuted at number 7 at the USA Today bestseller list during the week of March 1, 2018.
Critical.
The book received positive reviews. In a starred review, Publishers Weekly praised it as a "can't miss", citing "Greaney’s steady escalation of the risks that Court faces, and the exceedingly clever ways he tackles them." Kirkus Reviews stated that "Readers of the great Tom Clancy will salivate over this fast-moving and well-plotted yarn, which is part of a consistently appealing series in which each assignment is billed as the most dangerous ever." In a featured review, prominent literary reviewer The Real Book Spy hailed its main character, Court Gentry, as "represent[ing] the future of the thriller genre", and remarked: "Greaney once again develops his character brilliantly as he continues to slowly break away from the pack as the apparent heir to the throne currently held by Brad Thor and Daniel Silva."

</doc>
<doc id="56836841" url="?curid=56836841" title="Virginia State Route 627 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836854" url="?curid=56836854" title="Virginia State Route 627 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836889" url="?curid=56836889" title="Jillian Armsbury">
Jillian Armsbury

Jillian Armsbury was a singer, performer, songwriter and occasional activist, originally from Washington state. She was a pioneer in the Charanga R&amp;B music genre. She was the lead singer of the Latin group Los Jovenes del Barrio. She had worked with the latin jazz percussionist, Mongo Santamaria, singing on an album of his which was released in the late 1980s. She was the co-composer of "Do You Want My Love" which was a hit for CoCo Lee, which appeared on Lee's album "Just No Other Way". She was married to bandleader Johnny Almendra and then later session musician Leon Pendarvis.
Background.
Armsbury was born and raised in Washington State and Oregon and was of German, English, and Scottish ancestry. Her father married a black woman when she was three, so her family was also black. At the age of nine she was doing community theater. A formally trained dancer, she studied dance for some years. Later wanting to do New York Broadway work she realized that dancers were also singing so that led her to study music and singing. She grew up listening to Aretha Franklin, Otis Redding, James Brown, John Coltrane and Motown.
Armsbury was married to Johnny Almendra who founded Los Jovenes Del Barrio. At the time of their interview with George Rivera of Jazz Con Clave, they had been together for ten years. She was also married to "Saturday Night Live" music director Leon Pendarvis, who she remained married to until her death.
Career.
An article by Jessica Lynne Valiente of the Graduate Center, City University of New York credits Armsbury with the compositions that she contributed, and the artistic persona in her performances for creating a Latin / R&amp;B fusion that was more successful than anything that had ever been tried during the boogaloo era or following it. The group Los Jovenes del Barrio she was in was one of the most important bands in the New York bands in the New York Latin music scene, pushing the barriers as well as extending the musical shape.
1980s - 1990s.
Armsbury appeared on the "Olé Ola" album by Mongo Santamaria which was released in 1989. She sang lead on the title song", the Diane Bulgarelli composition Olé Ola" as well having some involvement with Santamaria's composition "La Tumba".
In 1996, Los Jovenes Del Barrio released their "Evolucionando" album. The "Billboard" reviewer noted her shining performances on the songs "Telephone" and "Stop Slow Down". A similar review was given by "Cashbox" in the February 10th issue. With the group's experimentation with various Afro-Cuban styles, jazz and R&amp;B, it caused a sensation. In May 1998, along with Baby Zilla, she was appearing at the Downtime in New York.
She co-composed the song "Do You Want My Love" which was a hit for Coco Lee in New Zealand and Australia in 1999 making the top 20 in both countries.
2000s.
Armsbury provided background vocals on Rosie O'Donnell's "Another Rosie Christmas" album which was released in 2000. She also did background vocal work for the Swedish group Play on their 2003 album, "Playin' Around". In May 2007, she was a guest performer with Julia Wade in her Julia Wade in A Canvas of Colors show at the Laurie Beechman Theatre. She contributed a rap to the "Everybody Get Down" by Funk Filharmonik, which was released in 2008.
Activism.
In 2000, Armsbury volunteered with the Shadow Convention of 2000. She performed with the children’s chorus who were the children orphaned as a result of parents being imprisoned in the war on drugs.
In 2001, Armsbury was the spokes-woman for the United Musicians Front, a 50-member group of musicians who were protesting against radio stations which included La Mega, who had gone too far to the commercial side and lost touch with the people in New York.
In 2008, Armsbury came to the Southeast Missouri State University at the request of its musical director Judith Farris to speak to the students. She shared with them her experience with cancer.
Death.
Armsbury died in January 2009 of mesothelioma which was from exposure to asbestos.
In 2009, the Southeast Missouri State University's Department of Theatre and Dance and students dedicated their "Sweet Charity" musical production to Armsbury. A concert was held in her memory which was in conjunction with the Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="56836891" url="?curid=56836891" title="L. Leon Pendarvis">
L. Leon Pendarvis


</doc>
<doc id="56836894" url="?curid=56836894" title="Leon Pendarvis, Jr.">
Leon Pendarvis, Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56836895" url="?curid=56836895" title="Two-Storeyed Caravanserai">
Two-Storeyed Caravanserai

Two-storeyed () or Gasim bey caravanserai () is a historic monument of the XV century. It is a part of Old City and located on Hagigat Rzayeva street, in the city of Baku, in Azerbaijan. The building was also registered as a national architectural monument by the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Azerbaijan dated August 2, 2001, No. 132. 
History.
The caravanserai was constructed in the XV century. According to the sources, it was built by Shirvan Khalilullah I and was used by Gasim bey and his followers. 
Architectural features.
There are two-sided open entries of the caravanserai placed on the same axis. Entrance to the caravanserai is possible with offshore streets related with sea trade and with a part where trade highway located. It is in square form by its interior structure plan.
Internal area of the caravanserai is octahedral and it consists of a yard which is surrounded by balconies, where several rooms are located. Covers of rooms and domes of balconies are in pointed form. The rooms in the corner are completed with little domes. Entrances to the monument are finished with portals bulging at height of the caravanserai and with deep niches at the level of the first floor. The caravanserai is protected from southeast side with whole corner towers. It also shows its defensive characteristics in the system of city walls. 

</doc>
<doc id="56836900" url="?curid=56836900" title="Leroy Leon Pendarvis, Jr.">
Leroy Leon Pendarvis, Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56836901" url="?curid=56836901" title="Kisan Long March, Maharashtra">
Kisan Long March, Maharashtra

Kisan Rally or Kisan Long March was a large scale protest march by farmers in the Indian state of Maharashtra, organized by the All India Kisan Sabha, the peasants front of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). Around 40,000 to 50,000 farmers marched a distance of 180 km from Nashik to Mumbai to gherao the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha. The peaceful march came to a conclusion on March 12, 2018, after the Government of Maharashtra gave assurances for fulfillment of said demands. These assurances however, were not executed which resulted in Kisan Long March 2 which commenced on February 27th, 2019 but was suspended soon after.
Background.
The farming sector in the state of Maharashtra was badly affected by numerous factors including unseasonal rainfalls, hailstorm, and pest infestations. An estimated 2414 farmers had taken their lives in the state between January 1 and October 31, 2017. Considering these issues, among others, the government had announced a conditional loan waiver amounting to Rs 34,000 crore in 2017, but it was not implemented as promised.
The long march was inspired and led by the Kisan Sabha leaders Ajit Nawale, Ashok Dhawale, Jiva Pandu Gavit and Vijoo Krishnan.
See also.
2020–2021 Indian farmers' protest

</doc>
<doc id="56836907" url="?curid=56836907" title="Virginia State Route 628 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836909" url="?curid=56836909" title="Virginia State Route 628 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836918" url="?curid=56836918" title="Virginia State Route 628 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836922" url="?curid=56836922" title="Deruralisation">
Deruralisation


</doc>
<doc id="56836923" url="?curid=56836923" title="Deruralization">
Deruralization


</doc>
<doc id="56836931" url="?curid=56836931" title="Virginia State Route 629 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836933" url="?curid=56836933" title="Virginia State Route 629 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836934" url="?curid=56836934" title="The Sideshow (film)">
The Sideshow (film)

The Sideshow is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring Marie Prevost, Ralph Graves, and Alan Roscoe.
Synopsis.
A circus is threatened by acts of sabotage organized by a rival company.
Preservation status.
Prints of "The Sideshow" exist at the French archive Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée in Fort de Bois-d'Arcy and the UCLA Film and Television Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="56836936" url="?curid=56836936" title="Romică Bunică">
Romică Bunică


</doc>
<doc id="56836937" url="?curid=56836937" title="Virginia State Route 629 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836948" url="?curid=56836948" title="History of Parliament Online">
History of Parliament Online


</doc>
<doc id="56836966" url="?curid=56836966" title="African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968)">
African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968)


</doc>
<doc id="56836968" url="?curid=56836968" title="Virginia State Route 630 (Isle of Wight County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (Isle of Wight County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836972" url="?curid=56836972" title="Virginia State Route 630 (James City County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (James City County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836975" url="?curid=56836975" title="Virginia State Route 630 (King and Queen County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (King and Queen County)


</doc>
<doc id="56836992" url="?curid=56836992" title="Carter Evans">
Carter Evans

Carter Evans is an American journalist who is CBS News' Los Angeles-based correspondent.
Biography.
Carter Evans was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. In 1998, he graduated with a B.A. in Broadcast Journalism and a minor in Philosophy from Ithaca College. In 1995, he worked as a freelance reporter for the CBS affiliate KGMB in Honolulu, Hawaii. In 2003, he moved to Los Angeles to work for spent KCBS-TV/KCAL-TV. He then moved to New York City as an anchor for WNYW/WWOR-TV and as a freelance correspondent for CBS Newspath where he worked for "CBS MoneyWatch." He then worked as a reporter for CNN Newsource where he served as a rotating host of CNN's financial Q&amp;A program "The Help Desk" and covered the 2010 BP oil spill, the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami, 2011's Hurricane Irene, the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, and reported the Financial crisis of 2007–2008 direct from the New York Stock Exchange Trading Floor. In February 2013, he was named CBS News Los Angeles-based correspondent where he received recognition for his coverage of the 2013 shooting by Christopher Dorner.
Personal life.
He is divorced from KTLA weekend anchor Courtney Friel, with whom he has two children. He married KTLA reporter Lauren Lyster in August 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56836993" url="?curid=56836993" title="Anchor watch">
Anchor watch


</doc>
<doc id="56837009" url="?curid=56837009" title="Jake Carter (singer)">
Jake Carter (singer)

Jake Carter (born Jacob Carter; 11 August 1998) is a singer and the winner of series 2 of the Irish television dance competition "Dancing with the Stars". He is the younger brother of country music singer Nathan Carter.
Career.
In 2017, Carter burst on to the Irish music scene after a performance on "The Late Late Show" with Ryan Tubridy, performing his first single, "Trouble". The single accompanied with a music video received a lot of air play on Irish country music radio stations and reached number one on the Irish Country Music iTunes chart.
He followed up "Trouble" with an EP titled "Three Things".
Appearances.
"Aladdin".
In December 2017, Carter appeared as the title character Aladdin in the Belfast SSE Arena pantomime production of "Aladdin".
"Dancing with the Stars".
In December 2017, Carter was confirmed as one of the eleven celebrities taking part in the second series of the Irish version of "Dancing with the Stars".
Carter was paired with Irish professional dancer, Karen Byrne for the series. They won the competition on 25 March 2018.
Personal life.
Carter was born to Ian and Noreen In 1998. His older brother Nathan Carter is a well-known Irish country and folk music star. Carter has toured extensively with his brother, most recently supporting him on Irish arena tour in March 2018. He also has a sister, Kiara Carter. Since 2018, Carter has been in a relationship with his "Dancing with the Stars" professional partner, Karen Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="56837014" url="?curid=56837014" title="Mahmoud Hassani Sorkhi">
Mahmoud Hassani Sorkhi


</doc>
<doc id="56837021" url="?curid=56837021" title="2018 MSBL season">
2018 MSBL season

The 2018 MSBL season was the 30th season of the Men's State Basketball League (SBL). The regular season began on Friday 16 March, with round 1 seeing the reigning Champions the Perth Redbacks hosting the Lakeside Lightning. The 2018 MSBL All-Star Game was played on 4 June at Bendat Basketball Centre – the home of basketball in Western Australia. The regular season ended on Saturday 28 July. The finals began on Friday 3 August and ended on Saturday 1 September, when the Perry Lakes Hawks defeated the Joondalup Wolves in the MSBL Grand Final.
Regular season.
The regular season began on Friday 16 March and ended on Saturday 28 July after 20 rounds of competition. Again in 2018, all games over the Easter Weekend were played on a blockbuster Thursday night with six venues all hosting games before the league took a break for the Easter long weekend. Anzac Round took place in round 6 of the competition with the Kalamunda Eastern Suns and Willetton Tigers continuing their Anzac Day game tradition. There was also Women's Round in round 9, Rivalry Round in round 12, and Heritage Round in round 16.
Finals.
The finals began on Friday 3 August and ended on Saturday 1 September with the MSBL Grand Final.
All-Star Game.
The 2018 MSBL All-Star Game took place at Bendat Basketball Centre on Monday 4 June, with all proceeds going to "Red Frogs Australia".

</doc>
<doc id="56837023" url="?curid=56837023" title="Romeo Bunică">
Romeo Bunică

Romeo "Romică" Bunică (born 11 April 1974) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as a forward. Born in Râmnicu Sărat, Buzău County Bunică spent almost all his career, despite 2 seasons and a half at Otopeni, at teams from his homecounty such as: Olimpia Râmnicu Sărat, FC Gloria Buzău or Petrolul Berca. A regular player of the second and third leagues, Bunică made his Liga I debut when he was 33 years old at FC Gloria Buzău, in a 1-2 defeat against Dinamo București. The most controversial moment of Bunică's career took place on 30 November 2007, when as a player of Gloria Buzău, at that time a team with many players loaned from Steaua București and seen by many as an unofficial satellite, scored from a free kick in the last minute, goal by which Gloria would equalize Steaua, 1-1. After the match he was removed from the team, fact that caused a big media scandal.
In 2009 Bunică retired and started his manager career, managing teams such as: FC Voluntari, Otopeni or FC Gloria Buzău.

</doc>
<doc id="56837026" url="?curid=56837026" title="Fajardo Soccer Stadium">
Fajardo Soccer Stadium

The Fajardo Soccer Stadium is a 4,000-seat association football stadium in Fajardo, Puerto Rico. As of the 2018-19 Liga Puerto Rico season, it hosts the home matches of Puerto Rico Sol FC.

</doc>
<doc id="56837041" url="?curid=56837041" title="Taiwanese mayoral elections, 2018">
Taiwanese mayoral elections, 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56837046" url="?curid=56837046" title="General shock">
General shock


</doc>
<doc id="56837049" url="?curid=56837049" title="Decoy-building spider">
Decoy-building spider


</doc>
<doc id="56837051" url="?curid=56837051" title="List of number-one country singles of 1979 (U.S.)">
List of number-one country singles of 1979 (U.S.)


</doc>
<doc id="56837068" url="?curid=56837068" title="Russian steppe">
Russian steppe


</doc>
<doc id="56837069" url="?curid=56837069" title="Battle of Bronnitsy">
Battle of Bronnitsy

The Battle of Bronnitsy was part of the Ingrian War.
Prelude.
After the Battle of Klushino, the Swedish troops located in Russia, called in 1609 by Vasily Shuisky, declared war on Russia and in 1611 occupied Novgorod land. The Siege of Tikhvin in 1613 was unsuccessful for the Swedes, and in spring of 1614, Tsar Michael Romanov sent an army to liberate occupied Novgorod.
Battle.
In April 1614, the Russian army made camp near Bronnitsy in Novgorod Oblast, preparing for an offensive against Novgorod. The army consisted primarily of militiamen, marred by weak discipline and conflicts between noblemen and Cossacks. Swedish Governor of Novgorod Jacob De la Gardie decided to act quickly and on July 16, 1614, defeated the Russians in open battle. After that, the Swedes blockaded the Russian camp, where famine soon began. Dmitry Troubetskoy broke through the blockade and retreated to Torzhok, sustaining heavy losses.
Aftermath.
As a result of the victory at Bronnitsy, the Swedes regained the military initiative in the Ingrian War and began the siege of Gdov, which guarded the road to Pskov from the north.

</doc>
<doc id="56837071" url="?curid=56837071" title="Dakota Club Library">
Dakota Club Library

The Dakota Club Library in Eagle Butte, South Dakota, also known as the Eagle Butte Library, was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
It is a sod building with a fieldstone veneer, on a stone foundation. It has a balloon frame addition to the rear, also with a fieldstone veneer, which is larger than the original building, and which forms a T-shape.

</doc>
<doc id="56837091" url="?curid=56837091" title="2018 WSBL season">
2018 WSBL season

The 2018 WSBL season was the 30th season of the Women's State Basketball League (SBL). The regular season began on Friday 16 March, with round 1 seeing a 2017 grand final rematch between the Perry Lakes Hawks and Mandurah Magic. The 2018 WSBL All-Star Game was played on 4 June at Bendat Basketball Centre – the home of basketball in Western Australia. The regular season ended on Saturday 28 July. The finals began on Friday 3 August and ended on Friday 31 August, when the Lakeside Lightning defeated the Magic in the WSBL Grand Final.
Regular season.
The regular season began on Friday 16 March and ended on Saturday 28 July after 20 rounds of competition. Again in 2018, all games over the Easter Weekend were played on a blockbuster Thursday night with six venues all hosting games before the league took a break for the Easter long weekend. Anzac Round took place in round 6 of the competition with the Kalamunda Eastern Suns and Willetton Tigers continuing their Anzac Day game tradition. In round 9, Women's Round took place in alignment with Mother's Day on Sunday 13 May. During this round, WSBL games were played at the later timeslot at each venue following the MSBL games. There was also Rivalry Round in round 12 and Heritage Round in round 16.
Finals.
The finals began on Friday 3 August and ended on Friday 31 August with the WSBL Grand Final.
All-Star Game.
The 2018 WSBL All-Star Game took place at Bendat Basketball Centre on Monday 4 June, with all proceeds going to "Red Frogs Australia".

</doc>
<doc id="56837096" url="?curid=56837096" title="Caenorhabditis elegans Cer1 virus">
Caenorhabditis elegans Cer1 virus

Caenorhabditis elegans Cer1 virus is a species of retroviruses in the genus "Metavirus".

</doc>
<doc id="56837097" url="?curid=56837097" title="Italian ship Artigliere">
Italian ship Artigliere

Artigliere has been the name of at least five ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56837098" url="?curid=56837098" title="Kitty Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon">
Kitty Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon

Elizabeth "Kitty" Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon (13 December 1772 – 5 March 1813), formerly Kitty Acland, was the wife of Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Carnarvon.
Early life.
Kitty was the only daughter of Colonel John Dyke Acland and his wife, the former Lady Harriet Fox-Strangways. Kitty's brother was Sir John Dyke Acland, 8th Baronet (1778-1785), who inherited the Acland baronetcy from their grandfather in 1785. After he died, the baronetcy passed to a brother of the senior John Dyke Acland, who died in 1778 of injuries received while fighting for the Crown in the American War of Independence.
Personal life.
Kitty and Henry's marriage took place on 26 April 1796, when the future earl was known as Lord Porchester, at St George's, Hanover Square, London. Kitty's marriage settlement included the Acland estates of Pixton and Tetton in Somerset, which passed into the Herbert family. Her husband inherited the earldom in 1811, and she became a countess.
Their children included:
Kitty was preparing to go to Ramsgate for her health when she died at Shooter's Hill in 1813. A death notice stated that "Hundreds whom her boundless charities and ever active benevolence have rescued from poverty and distress will shed tears of grateful sorrow..." Her husband lived until 1833 and died at his London home in Grosvenor Square and was buried at Burghclere. He was succeeded by their eldest son Henry. 

</doc>
<doc id="56837104" url="?curid=56837104" title="Barbara Corlett">
Barbara Corlett

Barbara Corlett (died 25 July 1891) was a pioneer of women's education and founded the first technical college for women in Ireland.
Career.
Anne Barbara Corlett was the daughter of Henry Corlett who patented a coach spring in 1867 and was a coach spring manufacturer working in Summerhill. He retired in 1871 and died in 1873. Led by Anne Jellicoe and Corlett a committee of well to do Irish women established a Society for Promoting the Employment of Women on 19 August 1861. They then set up an employment registry for women. The main aim was to highlight the urgent need to provide training for women. The committee established classes in business related skills such as book-keeping, writing, dictating and arithmetic. Jellicoe gained funds through loans and an appeal which enabled them to create the Queen's Institute for the Training and Employment of Educated Women in 1863. Queen Victoria was its patron. In 1865 the name changed to ‘the Queen's Institute of Technical Schools’, due to continued expansion of its facilities and courses.
This was the first technical college for women in either Ireland or Great Britain. It is believed to be the model for similar institutions in Austria.
One difficulty the group faced was the negative connotations of being a working woman and losing the status of gentility. So the college provided classes in painting and decorative arts which was generally assumed to be an appropriate study for women. The Institute had annual exhibitions of the work and the ceramic painting gained the approval of distinguished visitors. Nobility and even royalty supported the Institute by buying the china which included designs for Belleek and Royal Worcester porcelain from 1870 on where some of the mentors were Herbert Cooper and W. H. Kerr.
Corlett was the main person in charge of the Institute especially after Jellicoe left in 1866. The Institute is credited with unprecedented improvements in women's opportunities. The Royal Dublin Society allowed women to use their facilities including the use of the library and the ability to sit examinations for certificates like similar male students. When the civil service accepted women as telegraph operators in 1870 the Institute was officially given the responsibility for training the women for the new roles.
Corlett published a paper on the successes of the Queen's Institute in June 1881 however by 1883 the building it was in was vacant and the Institute had ceased to operate. Corlett died after a protracted illness in 1891. Throughout her life Corbett had been a staunch supporter of women's suffrage and women's rights despite her conservative approach to gentility.

</doc>
<doc id="56837106" url="?curid=56837106" title="Canyon Creek, Hood County, Texas">
Canyon Creek, Hood County, Texas

Canyon Creek is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hood County, Texas, United States. The population was 916 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Granbury micropolitan area as well as the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
Geography.
Canyon Creek is in southeastern Hood County, on the south side of Lake Granbury, a reservoir on the Brazos River. It is southeast of Granbury, the county seat.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which are land and , or 8.16%, are water.

</doc>
<doc id="56837107" url="?curid=56837107" title="Fakhrul Islam Khan">
Fakhrul Islam Khan

Fakhrul Islam Khan (known as FI Khan; 9 February 1925 – 13 May 2007) was a Bangladeshi editor, journalist, cultural organizer, playwright, producer, and director. He was the editor of "Gulista" (1950), a monthly Bengali magazine, and "Kadem" (1966), a weekly magazine. He was the joint news editor with Shah Azizur Rahman of the monthly magazine "Inqilab" (published from Kolkata). Khan has made a special contribution to Barisal's cultural activities, cultural heritage, literary councils, journalism and Barisal Press Club. He was the first Bengal Muslim film producer. He established Barisal Natya Niketan in 1964.
Early life and education.
Khan was born on 9 February 1925 in Barisal. His father, Khan Bahadur Hasem Ali Khan, was a social worker, politician, and member of the cabinet led by Sher-e-Bangla A K Fazlul Huq in 1941. Khan started his education at AK School in Barisal and later was admitted to Ripon School &amp; College in Kolkata. He led several student movements. He was the editor of a magazine in Ripon School, for which he also wrote.
Career.
Khan was a journalist, and a film producer and director. His production company is Kolkata Azad Chitrapat. In 1944 "Purabasha", "Kalocaya", "Hanabari" and "Jago Hua Sabera" were released by his production. The director of these films was Premendra Mitra, with Khan as joint director. In 1947, the film received the Best Film Award. "Hospital" was released under the Bulbul Production Banner in 1956. During this time he was elected as the joint secretary of Kolkata Motion Pictures Association and joint editor of Kolkata Writer Journalist Sangha. His production began in Ananya under the direction of film director Sushil Majumder in a joint venture in India in 1972. He was the founding editor of "Barisal Sahitya Parishad". He was the editor of the monthly "Gulista", weekly "Khadem" and "Inqilab".
Personal life.
Khan was married to Syeda Sakina Islam, a former member of Jatiya Sangsad. The couple has one son, Amirul Islam Khan Bulbul; and two daughters, Shabnam Wadud Kaya and Saguafa Khanam Joardar.

</doc>
<doc id="56837120" url="?curid=56837120" title="Kitab mu'jam al-budan">
Kitab mu'jam al-budan


</doc>
<doc id="56837125" url="?curid=56837125" title="2005 CIA interrogation tapes destruction">
2005 CIA interrogation tapes destruction


</doc>
<doc id="56837128" url="?curid=56837128" title="Monga, New South Wales">
Monga, New South Wales

Monga is a locality in the Queanbeyan-Palerang Region, Southern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia. It lies on the Kings Highway at the top of the Clyde Mountain, about 110 km east of Canberra and 22 km southeast of Braidwood. A large part of the locality forms part of the Monga National Park. At the , it had a population of 14.
Monga lies near the watershed of the Shoalhaven and Clyde River catchments; the Mongarlow River flows to the Shoalhaven and the Buckenbowra River—flowing to the Clyde—has its source within the locality.
The area, now known as Monga, lies on the traditional lands of the Walbanga people. An early bridle track to the Buckenbowra Valley, known, as the Corn Trail by early settlers, follows the general route of a Walbanga footpath. 
There was once a small village of the same name, which lay near the right bank of the Mongalowe River, on the Clyde Road near the junction with the road from Reidsdale and Major's Creek (the modern day River Forest Road). The road to Major's Creek is still called Monga Lane. It was the location of a tollbar on the Clyde Road—from 1860 to 1865—and a village site was officially reserved there in 1881. 
The first sawmill was established in 1880 and was powered by large waterwheel, using water from the river. It operated until 1914. 
By the mid 20th-century, a timber village had been established at Monga, several kilometres south of the site on the Clyde Road, with a large sawmill nearby. The village had 18 houses in 1948—more were being built to house timber industry employees—and a 'bachelors' quarters' housing 12 single men. A new village hall was built in 1954. Monga had a provisional school from 1947 to 1955 and a public school from 1955 to 1971. 
The sawmill closed in 1966, when the supply of high quality timber was depleted. The operator, Monga Sawmill Pty Limited, was wound up in the same year. However, it was reopened by new owners and worked until at least 1975. Without employment and a school, the village faded away and there is little sign of it now.
Nearby Mongarlowe, which in the 19th century was a much bigger settlement, was called Monga until 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="56837152" url="?curid=56837152" title="Potsdam Royals">
Potsdam Royals

The Potsdam Royals are an American football team from Potsdam, Germany.
The club's greatest achievement is winning the championship in the last Eurobowl (2019) against the Amsterdam Crusaders just a year after they entered the German Football League, the top tier American Football league in Germany.
History.
The Royals were formed in 2005 and entered league competition one year later in the fifth tier. Getting promoted after the seasons 2008 and 2009, the Royals finished season 2010 by winning the championship in the third tier league "Regionalliga Ost". Winning the subsequent qualification they earned a spot in the German Football League 2. The club rejected the spot and withdrew the football team.
In 2012 the Royals re-entered the competition and had to start again in the fifth tier. With two succeeding perfect seasons the Royals were 2014 back in the "Regionalliga Ost". They finished the season with the championship and were promoted to the GFL2. In 2017 the Royals became champions of the GFL2 North with a perfect seasons and won the play-offs to qualify for the German Football League, the highest level in Germany.
Recent seasons.
Recent seasons of the Royals:

</doc>
<doc id="56837156" url="?curid=56837156" title="LG G Flex 1">
LG G Flex 1


</doc>
<doc id="56837158" url="?curid=56837158" title="Zhangjiang Subdistrict">
Zhangjiang Subdistrict

Zhangjiang Subdistrict () is a subdistrict and the county seat of Taoyuan County in Hunan, China. The subdistrict was incorporated from a part of the former Zhangjiang Town in 2017. It has an area of with a population of 97,000 (as of 2017). The subdistrict has 13 villages and 13 communities under its jurisdiction, its seat is at "North Yufu Rd."()

</doc>
<doc id="56837160" url="?curid=56837160" title="List of causes of pelvic pain">
List of causes of pelvic pain


</doc>
<doc id="56837183" url="?curid=56837183" title="Christopher Caldwell">
Christopher Caldwell

Christopher or Chris Caldwell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56837192" url="?curid=56837192" title="Marcelle Taillefesse">
Marcelle Taillefesse


</doc>
<doc id="56837206" url="?curid=56837206" title="Stephen Hawking Medal For Science Communication">
Stephen Hawking Medal For Science Communication


</doc>
<doc id="56837217" url="?curid=56837217" title="List of mobile phone number series by country">
List of mobile phone number series by country


</doc>
<doc id="56837220" url="?curid=56837220" title="Morningstar U.K.">
Morningstar U.K.


</doc>
<doc id="56837227" url="?curid=56837227" title="Nagendra Pratap Singh Patel">
Nagendra Pratap Singh Patel

Nagendra Pratap Singh Patel is an Indian politician and Member of Parliament from Phulpur parliamentary constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="56837230" url="?curid=56837230" title="River Divelish">
River Divelish

The River Divelish is a Dorset watercourse of that rises on the north slope of Bulbarrow Hill, near to the source of the Devil's Brook. It is a tributary of the River Stour, which it joins upstream of Sturminster Newton. The Stour, in turn, discharges into the English Channel.
Its length is .

</doc>
<doc id="56837248" url="?curid=56837248" title="Italian destroyer Artigliere">
Italian destroyer Artigliere


</doc>
<doc id="56837252" url="?curid=56837252" title="Kuokkel mining field">
Kuokkel mining field

Kuokkel mining field (Swedish:Kuokelgruvan) is an abandoned open pit mine in the vicinity of Kopparåsen railway station on the Iron Ore Line in Kiruna municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden. The mine field was once used to mine Chalcocite (Cu2S), Bornite (Cu5FeS4), and Sphalerite ((Zn, Fe)S).
History.
On the information plate found on the path to the mine field, the following information is given:
The above-mentioned accident has hit the brothers named "Jansson" in one of the mines which seems to have led to their death.

</doc>
<doc id="56837262" url="?curid=56837262" title="Devil's Brook (Dorset)">
Devil's Brook (Dorset)


</doc>
<doc id="56837265" url="?curid=56837265" title="Black Diamonds (1940 film)">
Black Diamonds (1940 film)

Black Diamonds is a 1940 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Richard Arlen, Andy Devine, and Kathryn Adams. The film was released on July 19, 1940.
Plot.
Walter Norton a reporter for big city newspaper. When he is given the assignment to be the paper's war correspondent, he decides to stop off in his home town before leaving for Europe. While there, Archie Connor, who also works with his father in the local mine, tells Norton that the mine is unsafe. Norton is not sure there is anything he can do, but on the morning he is to leave for Europe, his father is injured in a blast in the mine. Norton postpones his departure, and disguised as a miner, enters the mine to see the conditions for himself. Understanding the dangerous conditions, he attempts to explain the dangers to the other miners and get them to rally to demand that the mine owner improve conditions. However, the workers are fearful that if they complain they will lose their jobs.
Having failed to convince the miners, Norton is resolute on finding another way to improve the mine's safety. However, Connor decides to take matters into his own hands, and plans to rig an explosion in the mine to close the mine down and highlight the unsafe conditions. When Norton hears of the plan, he realizes this will play into the mine owner's hands, and runs to the mine to prevent Connor from carrying out the blast. As the two men struggle, the police arrive and arrest both of them.
While in jail, Norton's sister Nina overhears her boss, Redman, bribing the mining inspector, Mathews, to overlook the mine's safety deficiencies. With the help of Linda Connor, Archie's daughter and Norton's high school girlfriend, they get Norton transferred from the jail to the hospital, where he escapes. Norton and his friend, Barney Tolliver, lure Mathews into the mine, where they threaten to bury him in an explosion unless he comes clean and admits to the bribery and the unsafe conditions. However, Redman learns of the plan, and he sends Johnson, along with several company thugs to stop Mathews from exposing them. Johnson decides that dead men tell no tells, and leaves Norton, Tolliver, and Mathews in the mine, intending to use Norton's explosives to bury the three men in the mine.
What Johnson doesn't know is that Norton's explosives are simply a dummy charge, they were never meant to actually work, simply scare Mathews into confessing. Mathews, upset at the betrayal of Johnson, publicly confesses of the bribery of Redman and of the mine's unsafe working conditions. Redman is arrested and control of mine is taken over by local authorities, who immediately implement better safety measures, while Norton and Linda resume their childhood romance.
Production.
The original screenplay for "Black Diamonds", written by Sam Robin, was purchased by Universal in May 1940, and was originally meant to begin production in early April, and was originally scheduled for release on May 10, 1940. It was announced that Arlen and Devine had wrapped production on "Hot Steel", and would be immediately beginning on their next picture, "Black Diamonds". The film went into production the week of April 30. Production on the project was completed by May 21, 1940. At the beginning of June, the picture was still being edited, and the release date had been pushed back to July 12. By the end of June it had been pushed back an additional week to July 19. The National Legion of Decency gave the film a class A-1 rating, meaning it was unobjectionable for general audiences. The picture opened on July 19, 1940.
Reception.
"The Film Daily" gave the film a mediocre review, stating that the plot lacked suspense and action, but complimenting the acting and the cinematography. "Harrison's Reports" also gave the picture a lukewarm review, calling it "routine" and less exciting than others of the same genre. "Showmen's Trade Review" gave the picture a warmer review, calling it "...a fast paced action film that is made to order for the fans who like their entertainment on a cut and dried pattern", stating that it was "...on a par with the best of the Richard Arlen-Andy Devine series". They enjoyed the performances of Arlen, Devine, and Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="56837266" url="?curid=56837266" title="Brian Bulatao">
Brian Bulatao

Brian Joseph Bulatao(born 30 September 1964) is an American businessman and former government official. In 2017 he was named as Chief Operating Officer of the Central Intelligence Agency by then-agency director Mike Pompeo. In June 2018, Bulatao was nominated to be Under Secretary of State for Management by President Donald Trump. On May 16, 2019, Bulatao was confirmed by the United States Senate in a 92–5 vote; he was sworn in the next day. 
After leaving the Trump administration, he was named chief administrative officer at Activision Blizzard effective March 2021.
Early life and education.
Bulatao was raised in Pennsylvania, one of three children of Agapito and Brenda Bulatao. His father was an immigrant from the Philippines and his mother's parents immigrated from Greece and Poland.
Bulatao graduated in 1986 from the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he rose to the rank of cadet captain, and was involved in white water canoeing, scuba diving, mountaineering and 150-lb. football. Nicknamed "Rambo," he was described in the 1986 Howitzer yearbook as a Renaissance man who earned the respect of all. He was a classmate of Ulrich Brechbuhl and Mike Pompeo and later helped Pompeo found Thayer Aerospace. Later he earned an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Career.
Bulatao served in the US Army from 1986 to 1993, rising to the rank of captain in the 75th Ranger Regiment also known as Army Rangers. After his military service he worked as a consultant with McKinsey &amp; Company. In 1997 he was one of the founders of Thayer Aerospace together with a number of other West Point graduates. Among them were his former West Point classmates Mike Pompeo and Ulrich Brechbuhl. While two of the other founders left the company a short time later, Bulatao and Pompeo remained with Thayer until 2006.
Bulatao later joined Chick Packaging Inc. as its CEO, and after the company's acquisition by Nefab A/B in 2010 he became Executive Vice President, leading the combined operations in North and South America. Later he went into private equity, finally as a senior adviser at Highlander Partners, L.P., a Dallas-based investment firm that claims more than $1 billion in assets under management.
In 2017 when Pompeo became Director of the CIA, he brought Bulatao in as a senior advisor, then named him as Chief Operation Officer, a position that earlier was named Executive Director. In this position his priorities are the streamlining of the hiring process, taking a systematic look at the alignment of strategy, staffing, funding, and other resources; making CIA's contracting process more effective and efficient; ensuring that the Agency as a whole is positioned to invest in and lead in cutting-edge technologies; and finding innovative ways to protect CIA officers' identities and operations in the digital age.
In July 2018 Bulatao was nominated for the position of Under Secretary of State for Management as the successor to Patrick F. Kennedy. In May 2019 Senator Bob Menendez lifted the almost year-long hold he had placed on the confirmation as soon as Secretary of State Mike Pompeo promised to send to the Senate documentation relating to allegations that "Trump administration political appointees at the State Department had sought to remove or reassign career employees who were seen as hostile to Trump’s agenda." During the nomination hearings, Bulatao said that if he were confirmed, he would not tolerate "political litmus tests" in the department.
Personal.
Bulatao was married to the former Robin Borges and they have a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="56837296" url="?curid=56837296" title="Star Trek Logs (book series)">
Star Trek Logs (book series)


</doc>
<doc id="56837298" url="?curid=56837298" title="Gerda Bengtsson">
Gerda Bengtsson

Gerda Johanne Bengtsson (6 February 1900– 13 December 1995) was a Danish textile artist who specialized in embroidery. Initially inspired by the stylized animals and plants used in medieval needlework, she became an outstanding designer who could transform depictions of wild flowers into simple but effective embroidery patterns. In 1980, she published the popular "Danish Floral Charted Designs".
Early life.
Born on 6 February 1900 in the Copenhagen district of Frederiksberg, Gerda Johanna Bengtson was the daughter of two schoolteachers: Svend Otto Bengtsson (1871–1956) and Elise Marie Lassen (1873–1956). Showing an early interest in drawing, she was supported in her artistic ambitions by both her parents. After attending Frederiksberg Technical School, she studied painting at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts (1919–24) under Gotfred Rode, Sigurd Wandel and, during her final year, the sculptor Einar Utzon-Frank. Of particular importance was the instruction she received in textile art from Astrid Holm who introduced her to tapestry work.
Career.
Bengtsson later travelled to Paris on an extended study trip where she carefully studied the floral decorations on tapestries from the Middle Ages in the Musée de Cluny. These served as an inspiration for her many colourful cross-stitch patterns representing wild flowers, herbs and other plants. Her early work also reflects the stitch-work techniques practised by Kristiane Konstantin-Hansen and Johanne Bindesbøll. She soon moved from tapestry and weaving to the more straightforward cross-stitch approach, often basing her work on classical designs or the large tablecloths embroidered by the artist Else Johnsen (1898–1957). She was particularly adept at creating cross-stitch patterns for a wide range of applications, including tablecloths, bed covers, serviettes, tea cosies and bell pulls. Making use of her own colour-identification system, these easy-to-use patterns could be followed by women without special training.
From 1939, Bengtsson taught at the Selskabet til Haandarbejdets Fremme establishment which also published her patterns. Lifelong collaboration followed. While she is remembered above all for her floral designs, she also produced other designs with figures and birds. Examples of her work can be seen in several Danish museums, especially the Danish Museum of Art &amp; Design. Bengtsson was awarded a gold medal in 1951 at the Milan Triennial IX. Her patterns and publications have become popular not only in Denmark but in many other countries, especially the United States. They have been translated into several languages.
Gerda Bengtsson died in Frederiksberg on 13 December 1995. She is buried in Hellebæk Cemetery.
Publications.
Bengtsson's publications in English include:

</doc>
<doc id="56837301" url="?curid=56837301" title="Ann-Lou Jörgensen">
Ann-Lou Jörgensen


</doc>
<doc id="56837310" url="?curid=56837310" title="A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain and Ireland">
A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain and Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="56837316" url="?curid=56837316" title="African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968) in popular culture">
African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968) in popular culture


</doc>
<doc id="56837332" url="?curid=56837332" title="Camille Flammarion Observatory">
Camille Flammarion Observatory

The observatory was established in Juvisy-sur-Orge in 1883 by the French astronomer and author Camille Flammarion. In March 2010, the structure was classified as a historical monument by the French Ministry of Culture. The observatory belongs to the Société astronomique de France.
Building and grounds.
The observatory is located on Route nationale 7 (formerly the avenue de la Cour de France), close to the downtown of Juvisy. The site, which is on a prominent hilltop location, is a large parcel of land that contains several buildings, a monumental gate, gardens, and a small forest.
The building housing the observatory was originally a post house constructed in 1730. In 1883–1884, Flammarion transformed the structure into an astronomical observatory by adding a large equatorial room for the telescope, a library, a scientific museum, a meteorological station and an agricultural research station.
In 1899, the architect François Giamarchi was commissioned to transform the east façade of the building (garden side) by adding a decorative relief of ionic columns supporting a cornice.
In 1910, Flammarion installed a vertical sundial on the upper level of the observatory. The sundial was restored in 1998 and 1972.
In March 2010, the French Ministry of Culture classified the building and the large gate as protected historical monuments.
Flammarion's second wife, Gabrielle Renaudot Flammarion, bequeathed the entire site to the Société Astronomique de France upon her death in 1962. In 1971, the society signed a 99-year lease with the municipality of Juvisy to ensure the site's maintenance, preservation and accessibility. Today, the society organises regular observations at the observatory for the general public.
Telescope.
The 5 meter dome was constructed by the engineer Adolphe Gilon. It houses Camille Flammarion's equatorial mount refracting telescope, which has a diameter of 240 mm and a focal length of 3600 mm. The telescope was built by Denis Albert Bardou, a Parisian optics manufacturer. Flammarion's choice of the telescope was inspired by a similar instrument in the west tower of the Paris Observatory.
Scientific contribution.
Astronomers who conducted research at the observatory included:
The results of their research at the observatory were published in numerous articles and photographs in [[L'Astronomie (magazine)|"L'Astronomie"]], the journal of the [[Société astronomique de France]].
605 Juvisia.
In 1906, German astronomer [[Max Wolf]] discovered a [[minor planet]] orbiting the Sun and named it [[605 Juvisia]] in honor of the location of Flammarion's observatory.
References.
[[Category:Astronomical observatories in France]]
[[Category:1883 establishments in France]]
[[Category:Astronomy in France]]

</doc>
<doc id="56837334" url="?curid=56837334" title="Siege of Gdov">
Siege of Gdov

The Siege of Gdov was part of the Time of Troubles and an episode of the Ingrian War.
Prelude.
In 1613, the Swedes, who captured Novgorod, approached Gdov twice, but as a result of the sorties of the garrison and with the help of the Pskov, the siege was withdrawn. In July 1614, the Swedes managed to defeat the Russian army sent for the liberation of Novgorod in the Battle of Bronnitsy, after which they firmly captured the military initiative in the north-west of Russia.
Siege.
In August 1614, the main Swedish forces led by Evert Horn were concentrated at Gdov. On August 25, King Gustavus Adolphus also arrived. The defenders of Gdov managed to repel two attacks, in which the Swedes suffered serious losses. However, the situation of the besieged became increasingly critical. Swedish artillery and subversive mines systematically destroyed the fortress wall. When more than a quarter of it was destroyed, the garrison decided to agree to the surrender of the city with free departure to Pskov, where it subsequently took part in repulsing the Swedish siege.

</doc>
<doc id="56837357" url="?curid=56837357" title="Benneworth">
Benneworth


</doc>
<doc id="56837367" url="?curid=56837367" title="Cold Springs, Nevada">
Cold Springs, Nevada


</doc>
<doc id="56837368" url="?curid=56837368" title="Pedneault">
Pedneault

Pedneault is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56837385" url="?curid=56837385" title="Radspieler">
Radspieler


</doc>
<doc id="56837391" url="?curid=56837391" title="Koomkie">
Koomkie


</doc>
<doc id="56837392" url="?curid=56837392" title="Damsel in Distress (disambiguation)">
Damsel in Distress (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56837399" url="?curid=56837399" title="Praveen Kumar Nishad">
Praveen Kumar Nishad

Praveen Kumar Nishad (born 1989) is an Indian politician, currently, as of 2021, a member of Bharatiya Janata Party. He is a member of Lok Sabha from Sant Kabir Nagar parliamentary constituency of Uttar Pradesh since 2019 elections. He is the son of Dr. Sanjay Nishad, founder of the NISHAD Party. He is an engineer with a degree from Gautam Buddh Technical University, Lucknow.
For the 2018 bye-elections to Phulpur and Gorakhpur Lok Sabha seats, Samajwadi Party tied up with a number of smaller parties, including Nishad Party to extend its social base beyond Yadavs and Muslims. Praveen Kumar Nishad was selected as the Samajwadi candidate in Gorakhpur, where the Nishad community is the second largest demographic group. In a major upset, Praveen Nishad wrested the seat from BJP, which had not lost the seat since 1989. The victory margin was 21,000 votes. One year later, he joined BJP, and was elected to Lok Sabha in 2019 from Sant Kabir Nagar seat.

</doc>
<doc id="56837409" url="?curid=56837409" title="1382 Dover Straits earthquake">
1382 Dover Straits earthquake

The 1382 Dover Straits earthquake occurred at 15:00 on 21 May. It had an estimated magnitude of 6.0 and a maximum felt intensity of VII-VIII on the Mercalli intensity scale. Based on contemporary reports of damage, the epicentre is thought to have been in the Straits of Dover. The earthquake caused widespread damage in south-eastern England and in the Low Countries. The earthquake interrupted a synod convened in part to examine the religious writings of John Wycliffe, which became known as the Earthquake Synod.
Geology.
The geological structure of the eastern part of the English Channel is dominated by the WNW-ESE trending boundary between rocks deformed by the Variscan orogeny and the more stable London-Brabant Massif, known as the Northern Variscan Thrust Front. The London-Brabant Massif has been the proposed location for several historical earthquakes, including the event in 1382.
Earthquake.
The magnitude for this event has been estimated using the distribution of felt intensities. Musson in 2008 gave a magnitude of 5.8 , while Camelbeek et al. 2007 gave 6.0 .
The epicentral location has also been estimated from the distribution of felt intensities. A location in the middle of the Dover Straits, somewhat to the north-east of the similar 1580 Dover Straits earthquake is preferred.
There were significant aftershocks on 23 May and on 24 May, the latter being the strongest recorded. The 24 May aftershock was also described as a "waterquake" affecting anchored ships.
Damage.
In England, the most severe damage was recorded in Canterbury, particularly to St Augustine's Abbey and Christ Church, Canterbury, where the bell-tower was destroyed. The manor house and church at Hollingbourne, Kent were also badly damaged. This has been used to estimate intensity in the range VII-VIII. In London there was damage to St Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey with an estimated intensity of VI–VII.
In the Low Countries damage was reported in Ypres, Bruges, Liège and Ghent.
There is no known record of any casualties associated with this event.
Earthquake synod.
William Courtenay, the Archbishop of Canterbury convened a synod that met in Blackfriars, in London on the day of the earthquake. The synod was intended to consider the challenges to the church by the group of thinkers that became known as the Lollards, particularly the writings of John Wycliffe. During the deliberations the monastery was shaken by the earthquake, but Courtenay turned it to his advantage saying: The court found ten of Wycliffe's propositions to be heretical and another six erroneous, allowing Lollards to be prosecuted and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="56837410" url="?curid=56837410" title="Forgotton Anne">
Forgotton Anne

Forgotton Anne is an adventure-platform game developed by ThroughLine Games and published by Square Enix Collective. The game uses a hand-drawn anime aesthetic style and an orchestral score performed by the Copenhagen Philharmonic Orchestra and was released on May 15, 2018 on Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
Plot.
"Forgotton Anne" takes place in a fictional world called Forgotten Lands, a magical parallel universe where lost objects — everything from missing socks to discarded lamps — come to life, hoping one day that they might be remembered again and returned to the real world. The player controls Anne, an Enforcer who keeps order in the Forgotten Lands, who sets out to extinguish a rebellion that could prevent her master, Bonku, and herself from returning to the human world.
Reception.
Since its release "Forgotton Anne" has received "generally favorable reviews" on Metacritic, across PC, PS4 and Xbox One.
The game was nominated for "Original Song" with "Forgotten Anne," written by Randi Laubek, at the 9th Hollywood Music in Media Awards, for "Best Storytelling" at the 2018 Golden Joystick Awards, for "Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Composition" at the D.I.C.E. Awards, for "Excellence in Visual Art" at the Independent Games Festival Awards, for "Music of the Year" and "Best Music for an Indie Game" at the 2019 G.A.N.G. Awards, for "Adventure Game", "Best Art Direction", and "Best Writing" at the 2019 Webby Awards, for "Best Visual Art", "Best Narrative", and "Best Original IP" at the Develop:Star Awards, and for "Best Storytelling" at the "Pocket Gamer" Mobile Games Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56837417" url="?curid=56837417" title="Vasantha Vaidyanathan">
Vasantha Vaidyanathan

Vasantha Vaidyanathan () (1937 – 14 March 2018) was an Indian born Sri Lankan Hindu religious activist and a Tamil radio broadcaster who was well known for her services to the Hindu society as a religious preacher. She has worked as a radio broadcaster for several Hindu religious festivals including the Chariot festivals in the Sri Muthumariamman Temple, Matale. She died on the early morning of 14 March 2018, at a hospital in Colombo, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="56837427" url="?curid=56837427" title="National Security Agency Protective Services">
National Security Agency Protective Services


</doc>
<doc id="56837429" url="?curid=56837429" title="Arab Master's in Democracy and Human Rights">
Arab Master's in Democracy and Human Rights

The Arab Master's in Democracy and Human Rights is a regional programme established for the study and reinforcement of democracy and human rights in the Arab region. It brings together five leading regional universities: Birzeit University (Palestine), the International University of Rabat (Morocco), the University of Carthage (Tunisia), the University of Jordan (Jordan) and Saint Joseph University (Lebanon). It is partnered with the European Inter-University Centre for Human Rights and Democratisation (EIUC) and is supported by the Danish Institute for Human Rights and the European Union. It is part of a Global Campus of Regional Masters in Human Rights and Democratisation.
History.
The programme was established in Venice in 2014 by the EIUC in co-operation with the Cadi Ayyad University (Morocco), Ca' Foscari University, Birzeit University (Palestine), the International University of Rabat (Morocco) and Saint Joseph University (Lebanon). In 2016, the University of Carthage joined the consortium. After three editions in Venice, the programme moved to Beirut in July 2017. The partnership is currently expanding to other universities in the region, such as the University of Jordan and the University of Cairo, and beyond, such as the University of Southern Denmark.
Academic programme.
The Arab Master's programme in conjunction with the Institute of Political Science at Saint Joseph University offers a master's degree in democracy and human tights. This one-year programme includes ten courses at Saint Joseph Universities in Beirut given by an international group of academics and experts from ten different countries and engaged in various disciplines: international relations, sociology, political thought, international law, human rights, philosophy, critical studies and Islamic studies. Some students do an internship during their semester while working on their thesis in one of the partner universities in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="56837431" url="?curid=56837431" title="The Devil's Pipeline">
The Devil's Pipeline

The Devil's Pipeline is a 1940 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne. It stars Richard Arlen, Andy Devine, and John Eldredge, and was released on November 1, 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="56837434" url="?curid=56837434" title="Genesis (2018 wrestling)">
Genesis (2018 wrestling)


</doc>
<doc id="56837436" url="?curid=56837436" title="Xunyang Subdistrict">
Xunyang Subdistrict

Xunyang Subdistrict () is a subdistrict of Taoyuan County in Hunan, China. The subdistrict was incorporated from a part of the former Zhangjiang Town in 2017. It has an area of with a population of 56,800 (as of 2017). The subdistrict has 10 villages and 8 communities under its jurisdiction, its seat is at "West Wuling Rd."()

</doc>
<doc id="56837437" url="?curid=56837437" title="The Eleventh Commandment (1933 film)">
The Eleventh Commandment (1933 film)

The Eleventh Commandment is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by George Melford and starring Marian Marsh, Theodore von Eltz and Alan Hale. It is based on a play by Brandon Fleming. The story had previously been made into a 1924 British silent film.
Synopsis.
When a wealthy unmarried woman dies without heirs, her estate is entrusted to her attorney. However his partner at the law firm schemes to get his hands on the money and hires a barmaid to pretend to be a relative and claim the estate.

</doc>
<doc id="56837446" url="?curid=56837446" title="XML Catalog">
XML Catalog


</doc>
<doc id="56837453" url="?curid=56837453" title="Jim Hewes">
Jim Hewes

Jim Hewes is an American bartender and cocktail historian who has worked at the Willard InterContinental Washington's Round Robin Bar for over 30 years, making him the longest serving bartender in Round Robin's over 180 year old history. 
Career.
Hewes has a background in history and education. Prior to working at the Willard, where he started in 1986 upon the hotel's reopening, he worked at the Buxton Inn in Ohio. 
Hewes has served drinks to numerous United States presidents, including Ronald Reagan, George Bush and George W. Bush, and Gerald Ford. He never served a sitting president, but only presidents before they entered or after they left office. Hewes' favorite president to serve was Ford, who he called "very down to earth and funny." He served Ford prior to entering the presidential office and prior to Ford becoming sober in support of his wife, Betty Ford. Gerald Ford used to drink Scotch or Budweiser. 
Other famous people Hewes has poured drinks for include Pelé, George Clooney, Harry Connick, Jr. and Johnny Depp. In 1987, Hewes witnessed Bob Fosse have a heart attack outside of the Round Robin, which killed the dancer and choreographer.
Hewes offers history programs at the Willard about craft cocktails, prohibition and other related subjects, specifically historical subjects pertaining to Washington. A collector of Washington and cocktail history ephemera, Hewes owns a Mint Julep recipe handwritten by Henry Clay.
Cocktails.
Hewes oversees the bar's cocktail program, which includes creating new thematic cocktails and reintroducing classic cocktails. He aims to create cocktails that guests can make easily at home. Hewes makes classic cocktails that reflect history and the cocktail's original recipe. He opposes the use of what he calls "secret ingredients" to craft cocktails. In a 2016 interview with "Vice" Hewes shared that "the key to a correct cocktail is the final taste."
His favorite drinks to make include the Old Fashioned, Sidecar, and Mint Julep, the latter which Henry Clay introduced to the bar. It remains the Round Robin's signature drink.
During the holidays, Hewes offers thematic cocktails, which have included hot spiced cider, hot buttered rum, and a Jingle Bell Julep, a variation on a mint julep with red and green spirits used to symbolize the holiday season. Other cocktails he has created for the holidays include the Poinsettia, which comprises Champagne, framboise and cranberry. 
In 2013, Hewes created a cocktail program by creating a cocktail for all 44 presidents, based on cocktails that presidents have historically consumed or that are thematic to a president's life. Presidential beverages include Madeira wine, which George Washington used to drink, hot buttered rum in honor of John Quincy Adams, and a twist on the Blue Hawaii, which uses tequila rather than rum, as a tribute to Barack Obama, which honors Obama's life in Hawaii. He introduces the menu, for a limited time only, during every presidential inauguration season.
Personal life.
Hewes has lived in Washington DC since 1977. He is an avid book collector.

</doc>
<doc id="56837455" url="?curid=56837455" title="Axalimogene filolisbac">
Axalimogene filolisbac


</doc>
<doc id="56837457" url="?curid=56837457" title="Agent In Place">
Agent In Place


</doc>
<doc id="56837479" url="?curid=56837479" title="Italian ship Aviere">
Italian ship Aviere

Aviere has been borne by at least three ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56837486" url="?curid=56837486" title="2018 Hama offensive">
2018 Hama offensive


</doc>
<doc id="56837500" url="?curid=56837500" title="The Siege of Pskov (1615)">
The Siege of Pskov (1615)


</doc>
<doc id="56837503" url="?curid=56837503" title="Active fluids">
Active fluids


</doc>
<doc id="56837506" url="?curid=56837506" title="Baojun 310">
Baojun 310

The Baojun 310 is a subcompact hatchback produced by SAIC-GM-Wuling through the Baojun brand. 
Overview.
The Baojun 310 was launched on 2016 Beijing Auto Show and commenced production in September 2016. The 310 is based on the same platform as the Chevrolet Sail, which is manufactured in China by the Shanghai-GM joint venture. Price ranges from 36.800 yuan to 60.800 yuan. 
The Baojun 310 interior features a high-resolution 8-inch LCD display with GPS navigation system and Bluetooth, cruise control, four airbags, ISOFIX child safety seat mountings, power sunroof and 18 extra storage spaces. The 310 also has heated side mirrors, rearview camera, and ABS. 
The Baojun 310 is powered by a 1.2 liter naturally aspirated engine that generates a maximum power of 82 PS (81 HP) or 60.3 kW and maximum torque of 116 Nm (86 lb-ft) at 3,600 rpm, along with fuel economy of 5.3L/100 km (44.38 mpg US). A 1.5-liter unit rated at 111 hp / 83 kW was added as an additional engine option shortly after.
Baojun 330.
A sedan version named the Baojun 330 was also revealed in early 2016, which featured a slightly different front DRG design. 
Baojun 310W.
On the 2017 Shanghai Auto Show, a station wagon version called the Baojun 310W was unveiled, sharing most of the parts from the Baojun 310 before the B pillars yet being longer, wider, and taller. After a short run of one year, the Baojun 310w received a facelift updating the front fascia to accommodate the new hexagon Baojun grille.
2019 facelift.
The Baojun 310 hatchback and 310W estate received a facelift for the 2019 model year. The facelift model sports an updated front fascia with narrow-slit headlights and large black bumper accents. Different rear bumper and lights are also featured for the rear. The post-facelift model utilizes the same 1.2 liter and 1.5 liter engine unit as the pre-facelift model but now connects to a five-speed semi-automatic transmission, rather than the manual transmission offered previously. The 1.2 liter semi-automatic version of the Baojun 310 was launched first and priced at U.S. $7,400.

</doc>
<doc id="56837511" url="?curid=56837511" title="God, the Universe and Everything Else">
God, the Universe and Everything Else

God, the Universe and Everything Else is a 1988 documentary featuring Stephen Hawking, Arthur C. Clarke and Carl Sagan, and moderated by Magnus Magnusson. They discuss the Big Bang theory, God and the possibility of extraterrestrial life.

</doc>
<doc id="56837516" url="?curid=56837516" title="The Argument (play)">
The Argument (play)

The Argument is a 2016 play by the Scottish writer William Boyd. Its premiere production, directed by Anna Ledwich, ran at the Hampstead Theatre Downstairs in London from 3 March to 2 April 2016.
The playscript was published by Bloomsbury Publishing under its Methuen Drama imprint in March 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56837521" url="?curid=56837521" title="Legatees">
Legatees


</doc>
<doc id="56837532" url="?curid=56837532" title="God, the Universe, and Everything Else">
God, the Universe, and Everything Else


</doc>
<doc id="56837534" url="?curid=56837534" title="Baojun 310W">
Baojun 310W


</doc>
<doc id="56837535" url="?curid=56837535" title="God, the universe and everything else">
God, the universe and everything else


</doc>
<doc id="56837536" url="?curid=56837536" title="God, universe and everything else">
God, universe and everything else


</doc>
<doc id="56837539" url="?curid=56837539" title="Baojun 330">
Baojun 330


</doc>
<doc id="56837541" url="?curid=56837541" title="Botevgrad Clock Tower">
Botevgrad Clock Tower

The Clock tower of Botevgrad () is the symbol of the town and a part of 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria. Its clock mechanism still rings every hour with a respective number of bell rings based on the current hour. It was constructed in 1866.
History.
The clock tower was built while Bulgaria was still under Ottoman rule by the master Vuno Markov from Vrachesh as a part of large-scale construction in 1866 on the occasion of the announcement of the village Samundjievo as town and district center by proposal of Midhat Pasha. The clock mechanism was made by the local ironmonger Gencho Nakov, and the bell – by master Lazar Dimitrov from Bansko.
Initially, there was a little wooden house on the top of the tower. A Turkish figurine with a fez on its head would get out and bow every time the bells announced the hour. After the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878 the local people took down and burned the Turkish symbol.
In 1924 a "chitalishte" (community center) was built next to the tower. Half a century later, according to restoration plans of the tower, the "chitalishte" was removed, and a Douglas Fir (g. "Pseudotsuga") was planted next to the tower. The height of the tree eventually almost reached the height of the tower. It became a valuable tree for the city and it is decorated for Christmas every year. However, the tall tree is located very close to the tower, and some specialists suggest its roots may threaten the symbol of the town.
In its century-long history, the architecture monument has undergone many conservation and restoration efforts, as well as artistic activities to keep its original style and appearance.
The clock tower is one of the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria. The stamp for this object is in the Botevgrad History Museum.
Description.
The clock tower is one of the few architectural monuments in the municipality of Botevgrad that date from the Bulgarian National Revival. It is located in the very center of the town.
Architecture.
The tower consists of three proportional sections with the total height of 30 m, which makes it the tallest clock tower in Bulgaria. Distinctive features are its baroque elements and frescoes decorating the corrugated cornices. It contains similar architectural elements to those of the Plovdiv and Koprivshtitsa houses of the National Revival period, and a pointed cube reminiscent of the forms of Islamic architecture. It is decorated with blue frescoes. The building materials included stones from a quarry near the village of Bozhenitsa and timber from the Vrachesh area. 
The lower section of the tower is square, reaching a height of 11 m. It has stone masonry with a door, which leads inside for servicing and winding the clock mechanism. The middle section is narrowed and its edges are outlined by half-columns, ending with cornices, and the walls are slightly wave-shaped, which adds elegance to the building. The upper section rises over the cornice and the cornice narrows even further. It has a hexagonal shape and houses the clock and the bell. In 1870 a weather-cock was placed on its very top. From the entrance of the tower to its last section, there are spiral-shaped wooden stairs, which lead to the clock mechanism.
Clock mechanism.
The original clock mechanism is made by Gencho Nakov “Kantardjiata” and is exhibited in the Botevgrad History Museum. The new one is made by masters of the Etar Architectural-Ethnographic Complex and still counts the hours by bell rings with bell ringing audible within a radius of 3 km.

</doc>
<doc id="56837548" url="?curid=56837548" title="Near-collision hypothesis">
Near-collision hypothesis


</doc>
<doc id="56837556" url="?curid=56837556" title="Édgar García (baseball, born 1987)">
Édgar García (baseball, born 1987)

Édgar Alberto García (born September 20, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent.
Career.
Philadelphia Phillies.
He began his career in 2005 at 17 years old in the Philadelphia Phillies system, remaining there until 2010, reaching as high as the Double-A Reading Phillies in 2008. He played 2010 with the Clearwater Threshers and became a free agent after the season. 
Kansas City Royals.
On June 14, 2011, García signed a minor league contract with the Kansas City Royals organization. He split the season between the advanced Single-A Wilmington Blue Rocks and the Double-A Northwest Arkansas Naturals. He was assigned to the Idaho Falls Chukars for the 2012 season.
El Paso Diablos.
García signed with the El Paso Diablos of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball partway through the 2012 season, appearing in 4 games for the club, allowing 21 runs in 20.2 innings.
Philadelphia Phillies (second stint).
On December 19, 2012, García signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies, the team who originally signed him. García was assigned to Reading to begin the season but was released on April 27, 2013.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On December 16, 2014, García signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks organization. He split the 2015 season with the Double-A Mobile BayBears and the Triple-A Reno Aces. He elected free agency on November 6, 2015 and re-signed with the Diamondbacks on a minor league contract on November 19. On May 14, 2016, García pitched a complete game shutout for the Mobile BayBears. García split 2016 with Mobile and Reno and elected free agency after the season.
Sultanes de Monterrey.
On March 30, 2017, García signed with the Sultanes de Monterrey of the Mexican League. On April 13, 2017, he was released.
Piratas de Campeche.
On June 19, 2017, García signed with the Piratas de Campeche of the Mexican League. On January 4, 2018, he was released by the team.
International career.
He represented the Dominican in the 2017 World Baseball Classic. In the 2017 regular season, he pitched in the Mexican League. 

</doc>
<doc id="56837562" url="?curid=56837562" title="Shayad">
Shayad

Shayad (; ) is a 2017 Pakistani drama serial directed by Bashar Momin director Syed Ali Raza Usama, produced by Babar Javed and written by Faiza Iftikhar, based on her novel of same name. The drama stars Uzair Jaswal, Sadia Khan and Noman Ijaz in lead roles, and premiered on 4 November 2017 on Geo Entertainment. It was the second serial of singer turned actor Uzair Jaswal after "Moray Saiyaan".
Synopsis.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. Sometime in life, an unusual situation happens, where a younger boy falls in a love of a girl who is older than him. Drama serial "Shayad" depicts the story of a one sided lover Saad, who has developed some feelings for Umm-e-Hani. She is an orphan girl and lives with Saad and his parents.
Umm-e-Hani has lost the shelter of parents in earlier age, and she is always in search of secure hands, a responsible man who can help in overcoming her insecurities and fulfilled her wishes which she wasn't able to convert into reality. She always considers Saad as an emotional, immature and boyish person and one day she finally meets a strong, influential and a man of her dream, Salaar.
Unfortunately not every beast is kind towards beauty, and Umm-e-Hani's sensible and long term decision takes her into a new trouble.
Will Saad's craziness and unconditional love towards Umm-e-Hani help him in finding her again in life?
Soundtrack.
The original soundtrack of Shayad is composed by Syed Adeel Ali while the lyrics are provided by Ayub Khawar. The vocals are by Uzair Jaswal who is also the second lead actor of this drama serial. The song is available on Patari.

</doc>
<doc id="56837566" url="?curid=56837566" title="MoDo Hockey Örnsköldsvik">
MoDo Hockey Örnsköldsvik


</doc>
<doc id="56837568" url="?curid=56837568" title="Smith, Kline &amp; Co">
Smith, Kline &amp; Co


</doc>
<doc id="56837572" url="?curid=56837572" title="Ariadne (poem)">
Ariadne (poem)

Ariadne (1932) is a short epic or long narrative poem of 3,300 lines, by the British poet F. L. Lucas. It tells the story of Theseus and Ariadne, with details drawn from various sources and original touches based on modern psychology. It was Lucas's longest poem. His other epic reworking of myth was "Gilgamesh, King of Erech" (1948).
Summary.
Book I.
Athens assembles to hear news that the serial killers on the south road have been killed by an unknown traveller, acting alone. In old Aegeus's kingdom, dominated by the King's ambitious nephew Agrion, a reward is offered for the wanderer's head. Eyewitnesses give accounts. One unmasks a hooded youth in the crowd as the perpetrator. The youth identifies himself as the King's lost son, Theseus. Agrion, who has suborned the guard, attempts a coup. Theseus appeals to the people, who drive Agrion out. The same day, the Cretan ambassador, who has come for the Athenian tribute, demands satisfaction. Lots are drawn for seven youths and seven maidens to be sent to Crete (Lucas makes this a once-every-nine-years event). Queen Medea and her young son arrive to welcome Theseus. Her plot to poison him fails and her husband banishes her. Aegeus tells Theseus the story of his love for and betrayal of Aethra, Theseus's mother, and urges his son to value true love when he finds it. Theseus, resenting the Cretan yoke, takes the place of one of the doomed youths. Next morning the two ships sail for Crete. One of the maidens sings a farewell lament to Athens, voicing sorrow that she will die without ever having been loved.
Book II.
The ships stop for the night at an uninhabited islet. Around the campfire, Euaemon, the Greek ship's master, pitying the young, tries to distract them with travellers' tales; but Aegle, the girl who sang the lament, demands to be told the truth about what lies in store. Euaemon tells the little he knows, including the usual story, that the monster in the Labyrinth is the offspring of Pasiphaë, Queen to Minos, by a bull-god. The young people pair off for the night, Theseus choosing Aegle, who has impressed him by her courage and grace. They become lovers (Theseus had already seduced the pine-bender's young daughter on the way to Athens.) At dawn the south wind prevents departure; the party spend three days on the isle, during which time Theseus and Aegle are happy together. Reaching Crete, the Athenians, wondering at the primitive bull-totems, are led before King Minos and Queen Pasiphaë in Knossos. When Theseus's plea for clemency is brushed aside, Aegle reveals Theseus's identity, in the hope of saving his life – to no avail. Theseus wrenches a spear from a guard and has Minos at his mercy, but one of the King's daughters, the beautiful Ariadne, intervenes daringly to save her father, and Theseus is disarmed. As he is led out Theseus praises Ariadne for her courage, loyalty and beauty, adding: "May God give you, / One day, a lover as brave and fair and true!" Pasiphaë smiles darkly, having already divined the attraction between Theseus and Ariadne.
Book III.
In her chamber that night Ariadne thinks about Theseus – and about the sort of husband her father is likely to choose for her. Her brilliant little sister Phaedra, who witnessed events in court and who is also smitten by Theseus, urges her to seek help from Daedalus, who built the Labyrinth. Daedalus, a Greek exile, has long loved Ariadne in silence, this fair-haired daughter of Minos by a Thracian captive-woman of royal blood. In the small hours Ariadne calls on Daedalus, who hints sadly that he has guessed the secret of the Minotaur. Ariadne doesn't want to know. She accepts his plan and bluffs her way into Theseus' cell, where she files his chain and hands over file, spool and dagger. "I half hate this land of weasel priests," she tells Theseus in the course of a passionate exchange. An escape plan is agreed, should Theseus survive. Next day, while the captives toil their way up Mount Juktas (Lucas places the Labyrinth in a cave-complex on Juktas), Ariadne uses Phaedra to pass a message to Euaemon, to delay his departure and watch for a signal. That night the signal is seen by Ariadne; she parts tearfully from Phaedra, and arrives on the beach in time to see the survivors of the Labyrinth staggering down from the hills. The ship slips away.
Book IV.
On board, while the exhausted survivors sleep, Theseus tells Ariadne of the night's events: how the Athenian maidens were bathed and perfumed by African eunuchs and dressed as brides; how the captives were led into the cave, down mazy passages and dim chambers, each with statues of the Cretan snake-goddess; how the last chamber contained the horror: the Minotaur on a throne, before a flower-strewn bed, surrounded by the dead; how the priests and guards bound the Athenians with thongs and left. Theseus cut his thongs and freed his companion, Euthycles. The Minotaur, seeing the danger, seized a long sword to hold off the unarmed Greeks while it made to escape. Euthycles sprang at it and was killed, allowing Theseus time to crush the creature with its throne. They discover that the Minotaur was King Minos himself in a bull-mask. Hearing this, the horrified Ariadne thinks of the golden tress she left on her father's pillow, as a loving token of farewell. She absolves Theseus of blood-guilt. The ship beaches for the night on Naxos. Aegle watches Theseus sadly, then goes off alone. Theseus finds her, blames Aphrodite for sending him a new love, and offers her a dowry. Aegle is devastated. That night Theseus and Ariadne become lovers. He promises to make her Queen of Athens. At dawn Aegle's body is discovered. She has stabbed herself. Ariadne learns of Theseus's earlier love for Aegle, and decides to leave him. The single love based on ecstasy is what she wants (and which she later seeks in Dionysus). Too late, Theseus recognises that Aegle was his one true love. Approaching Phalerum he forgets to raise the signal white sail, Aegeus commits suicide, and the hero's homecoming is joyless.
Verse form.
The poem is in 'open' heroic couplets, with many run-on lines, the underlying iambic pentameter being varied by counterpoint and occasional trochaic lines. Other devices include a varying caesura and occasional hexameters and terminal triplets. Aegeus in Book I:–
Background and publication.
"Ariadne" was published by the Cambridge University Press and by the Macmillan Company, New York, in November 1932, in a limited edition of 500 copies. The Theseus and Minotaur device on the upper board (Theseus dragging the dead Minotaur into the light), and the Deeds of Theseus illustration on the title-page and dust-cover, were taken from the well-known Attic red-figured kylix, c.440–430 BC (from Vulci), in the British Museum. The University Press continued to use the Theseus and Minotaur device on the front of Lucas's books in the 1930s (and their postwar reprints). The poem was dedicated to Lucas's fiancée, the 21-year-old Girton Classics graduate Prudence Wilkinson (1911–1944), whom Lucas married in December 1932. It includes a serious-playful dedicatory love-poem to her, divided into Prologue and Epilogue. "The wild Greek hills," Lucas notes in the former,
The poem's emphasis on 'true love', on shared values of courage and loyalty, may be seen as its primary theme. The realistic, psychological interpretation of the Minotaur story reflects Lucas's interest in the discoveries of modern psychology. The contrast between light-loving Athens and benighted Minoan Crete, hag-ridden with religion, reflects another authorial preference. (The epigraph, from Bacchylides, is "δίζησθαι δὲ φιλαγλάους Ἀθάνας", 'Set out for Athens, land that loves the light'.) Extracts from the poem were read on the BBC Home Service in 1934. "Ariadne" was reprinted by the Cambridge University Press in May 2014.
Reception.
"Ariadne" was, in the main, well received. "An exception to the generalisation that all modern epics are tedious," declared "The Cambridge Review". "Its plot is a model of epic construction in its compactness, directness and speed." "The poetry is skilful," wrote the journal "Books". "The parts concerning the lovers sometimes rise to a fine lyric passion." R. P. Blackmur singled out as forceful "the six-page passage [near the end] where Theseus, as a philanderer with good intentions, argues with Ariadne, who defends with resigned eloquence the ecstatic and single love". "The Times Literary Supplement" praised "the frequent grace of description. Lucas has studied the natural touch in every scene and every colloquy, giving to images of primitive force a modern psychological dress". William Plomer in "The Spectator" found the poem "better than many a modern novel. It is even in texture, agreeably and skilfully phrased, calls for no great intellectual effort, and would surely have pleased William Morris" (a reference to Morris's "Jason"). "But it makes no new music; never surprises by a fine excess." The poem was reviewed by Lucas's former tutee, Julian Bell, in the "New Statesman and Nation". "The story is constructed with classic dexterity and neatness," Bell wrote, "and both story and verse have a breath-taking rapidity that is wholly admirable." He regretted, however, that Lucas had not used language in the modernist way, with obliqueness and ambiguity. "The Listener" did not share this regret: "While preserving the great metrical tradition," its reviewer wrote, ""Ariadne" is a continuous refreshment of it, and is free at once of archaic pedantries and modernist affectations." More recently, Simon Tidworth in "The Quest for Theseus" (1970) believed that making the Minotaur Minos in a bull-mask was "a real stroke of originality", but, comparing the two works, preferred Nikos Kazantzakis' drama "Κούρος, ή Θησέας" ("Kouros, or Theseus" ) (1949), as (in his view) richer in symbolism.

</doc>
<doc id="56837574" url="?curid=56837574" title="Udara Ranasinghe">
Udara Ranasinghe

Udara Ranasinghe (born 27 April 1992) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Tincomalee District in the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament on 19 March 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56837575" url="?curid=56837575" title="Bricklayers Arms tube station">
Bricklayers Arms tube station


</doc>
<doc id="56837585" url="?curid=56837585" title="GR-874">
GR-874


</doc>
<doc id="56837594" url="?curid=56837594" title="SB Wyvenhoe">
SB Wyvenhoe

SB Wyvenhoe is an 83-ton, steel Thames sailing barge. She was built by Forrest &amp; Sons, Wivenhoe in 1898.
She has the Official No. 110012.
History.
She traded under sail until 1923 when she converted to a motor ship. She was rebuilt in steel in 1947, she continued to trade until 1982. She holds the record of having traded longer than any other British registered ship.
She was owned in trade by London and Rochester Trading Company (LRTC) then rerigged as company yacht barge by Richard Walsh in 1986. She is now owned by Trad Sail Charters and based in Maldon.

</doc>
<doc id="56837609" url="?curid=56837609" title="Baojun Leichi">
Baojun Leichi


</doc>
<doc id="56837619" url="?curid=56837619" title="Château du Bousquet">
Château du Bousquet


</doc>
<doc id="56837639" url="?curid=56837639" title="Sovereign erotic">
Sovereign erotic


</doc>
<doc id="56837656" url="?curid=56837656" title="Emission of greenhouse gases">
Emission of greenhouse gases


</doc>
<doc id="56837658" url="?curid=56837658" title="Italian destroyer Aviere">
Italian destroyer Aviere


</doc>
<doc id="56837671" url="?curid=56837671" title="Stella (surname)">
Stella (surname)

Stella is a surname meaning "star". Notable persons with that surname include: 

</doc>
<doc id="56837672" url="?curid=56837672" title="Alien Naturalization Act">
Alien Naturalization Act

The Alien Naturalization Act, Sess. 2, ch. 69, , was a May 9, 1918 Act of the 65th United States Congress. 
More than 192,000 aliens were naturalized between May 9, 1918-June 30, 1919, under this act. It allowed aliens that were serving in the U.S. armed forces during "the present war" to file petitions for naturalization without making declarations of intent or proving 5 years' residence (requirements at the time).

</doc>
<doc id="56837675" url="?curid=56837675" title="Punjab Anand Karaj Bill, 2017">
Punjab Anand Karaj Bill, 2017

The Punjab Anand Karaj Bill 2017 is a bill unanimously passed by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab to legalise the status of Sikh marriages in the province. The bill was introduced by Ramesh Singh Arora in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56837701" url="?curid=56837701" title="Kalyana Rathnapriya">
Kalyana Rathnapriya

Kalyana Rathnapriya (born 18 February 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Vauniya District in the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament on 18 March 2017. He made his Twenty20 debut for Police Sports Club in the 2018–19 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 16 February 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56837703" url="?curid=56837703" title="Once-only principle">
Once-only principle

The once-only principle is an e-government concept that aims to ensure that citizens, institutions, and companies only have to provide certain standard information to the authorities and administrations once. By incorporating data protection regulations and the explicit consent of the users, the public administration is allowed to re-use and exchange the data with each other. The once-only principle is part of the European Union's (EU) plans to further develop the Digital Single Market by reducing the administrative burden on citizens and businesses.
Description.
The application of the once-only principle to public administrations in all EU Member States aims to reduce administrative burdens. This objective was endorsed by EU ministers in the Ministerial Declaration on eGovernment in 2009. The EU-wide application of once-only is also one of the pillars of the strategy for the Digital Single Market and one of the basic principles of the EU eGovernment Action Plan 2016-2020.
The once-only principle is defined differently in the individual EU Member States. In some countries it refers to data storage, which means storing the collected data in a single database. In other countries, once-only refers to data collection and specifies that data may be transmitted only once to public administrations, but that multiple data repositories are possible. Other countries combine both approaches and require that the data must be collected only once and stored in a single database.
Government-Centric vs Citizen-Centric Once-Only.
Critical to the discussion of Once-Only is WHO is doing the sharing and using which Identity? There are two opposing approaches; the Government-centric and the Citizen-centric - both of which technically implement Once-Only.
In the Government-centric model, the citizen use the same or easily linkable identifiers across applications, borders and databases. In this case, data control is centralized leading to systemic profiling and accumulation of risks. Proponents - mainly government bureaucracy - of this model claim it to be more efficient.
In the Citizen-centric model, the citizen do NOT use the same or linkable identifiers, but instead a variant of Privacy/Security by Design such as according to e.g. EU Digital Signature Regulation article 5.2 on pseudonymous signatures and Identity. Applying this principle the citizen can have non-linkable but fully functional and legal identities that are not linkable even within the same application in the same database in the same memberstate. In this model control is decentralized and the citizen act as data broker. Proponents – mainly citizen-rights experts and activists (e.g. EDRI), legal experts, security experts and economists – of this model claim it to be more effective and secure as it prevents classical Command &amp; Control failures ensuring systems adapt to citizens choice and drastically reduce security risks. 
In addition to the technical and economic issues, there is a real concern that Government-Centric model similar to Data Retention will prove incompatible with GDPR and Human Rights article 8 as it requires government profiling citizen in order to detect attempted requests for data already collected for another purpose. This problem would not arise in Privacy by Design based Citizen-Centric Once-Only models.
Citizen-centric models are under implementation in Denmark in a model named CitizenKey.
Benefits.
The once-only principle can help to reduce administrative burdens in the EU Member States, as exchanging information that has already been collected is cheaper and less burdensome than collecting and storing it repeatedly. Furthermore, some experts believe that data protection concerns can be better taken into account.
Process optimization and potentially higher administrative efficiency are described as main advantages of once-only for public administrations. These include fewer calls to customer service centers, fewer paper-based applications, faster processing of administrative processes, time savings due to reduced data capture requirements and fewer data errors due to data reuse. This could save costs for public administrations and improve the quality of various public services.
Cross-border implementation of the principle could also help to ensure equal treatment for domestic and foreign persons and companies in the use of public services, for which they are obliged to provide information to public authorities. Better public value creation could, on the overall level, improve the legitimacy, transparency and accountability of public administrations.
Barriers.
According to a study carried out on behalf of the European Commission, once-only encounters technical, organisational, semantic, and legal obstacles to implementation throughout the EU.
On the technical side, there is a lack of a comprehensive and secure data exchange solution, interoperable catalogs and IT systems as well as a lack of infrastructure for a secure and data protection-compliant exchange. In addition, other barriers are organisational in nature. The study includes the lack of clear political guidance, the high implementation costs and the lack of administrative willingness to cooperate and exchange data. As far as semantic aspects are concerned, the challenge lies in the lack of or over-distributed registers and the insufficient interoperability of existing registers and data. In addition, barriers exist due to different standards, taxonomies, data models and data quality. Legal obstacles include the heterogeneity of national legal frameworks, data protection and respect for privacy.
These aspects prevent a fast and far-reaching implementation of the once-only principle at European level.
Criticism and public reception.
The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS), Giovanni Buttarelli, welcomed the EU-initiative, but claimed additional clarity on important data protection principles. In particular, the proposal should not provide a legal basis for the exchange of information for purposes other than those mentioned therein. Furthermore, it should not restrict the principle of purpose limitation laid down in the General Data Protection Regulation. The EDPS also asks for clarification of a number of questions relating to the practical implementation of user control. The advocacy group European Digital Rights (EDRi) pointed out, that a once-only implementation needs to follow privacy by design and privacy by default, to be citizen-friendly and user-oriented.
A representative survey on e-government in Germany, Austria and Switzerland in 2017 showed that the majority of the population in each country is rather skeptical. A national once-only implementation received less than 50% support in all countries, a Europe-wide once-only implementation received less than 20%.
Implementation of the once-only principle (national).
By 2014, 25 European countries had begun to implement once-only to a certain extent and 13 countries had legislation supporting the implementation of the principle for businesses and individuals. However, implementation is still fragmented across the EU and once-only cross-border applications are still limited to a few services and cases. The most advanced once-only infrastructures exist in Belgium, Estonia and the Netherlands, which have national legislation and enforce its implementation.
Estonia.
In Estonia, once-only is used in most administrative procedures. Several essential prerequisites, including legal, administrative and technical requirements, have been fulfilled. Since 2007, the Public Information Act prohibits the creation of separate databases for the collection of the same data. Also, the General Part of the Economic Activities Code Act states that economic administrative authorities are prohibited to require companies to provide information that is already entered in a public database. The prohibition also applies to information which can be obtained from the relevant register of another Contracting State.
In the health sector in Estonia, the once-only principle is already being used in the electronic health record. Since 2008, health data has been managed via a central database. Specialists can document analyses, diagnoses, test results and treatment procedures. After a transfer to a hospital, for example, the patient data can be retrieved from the database without the patient having to enter the data again. In emergency situations, an electronic first aid card can be generated in the ambulance after identification of the patient, which provides vital data to the first responders. Patients can access the database via a (mobile) ID card and manage their data independently and give their consent/rejection to the data exchange.
Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, the once-only principle is applied in several areas. The Stelsel van Basisregistraties (Basic Registries System) was founded in 2003 and comprises 12 basic registries containing general information on companies and individuals, such as company names, personal addresses, cadastral information, income and registration information for motor vehicles. This enables businesses and citizens to provide this data only once. The system includes both open and closed registers where information is only accessible to those who need it for their work.
Regarding the once-only principle for private individuals, the Dutch tax office (Belastingdienst) introduced the prefilled tax returns in 2014 and made them standard in 2016. Because tax data from different databases is automatically merged and added to tax forms, users don't have to manually fill in tax forms. Once-only is also used in the Elektronisch Patiënten Dossier (EPD, Electronic Patient Dossier). It enables caregivers to ask other service providers for patient information via a national exchange office. Access to information is only possible if patients have given their prior consent. Patients can view their medical records online (authentication takes place via eID) and allow access to the care providers.
Critics in the Netherlands see the risk of abuse and invasion of privacy in the event of burglary of the system by crackers. In that case, very sensitive medical information can be exposed. Such information is highly sensitive to privacy and can cause major harm to victims.
Belgium.
Belgium adopted its own law on once-only in 2014. The law requires the federal government's public administrations to retrieve all available data from official registers with a unique identification feature instead of asking citizens and companies to make this data available more than once. The implementation of the law is facilitated by the system of basic registers and the eID system, which provides each data holder with a unique identification feature. This will allow public administrations to exchange data and give individuals and businesses access to public electronic services. The system also enables citizens to know at any time which organisation has accessed their data.
In the area of business services, a number of common transactions (e. g. registration of company name and address, withholding tax and social security contributions from wages) can be carried out online using pre-entered forms. The administrative burden of setting up a business is also considered low due to the extensive re-use of data from public sector databases.
In the Belgium region Flanders, the once-only principle (known as the "vraag niet wat je al weet" principle) was adopted as part of the Flemish e-government decree of July 18th 2008. The decree requires that the Flemish public administrations retrieve the data required for their government processes from authentic data sources, when available, and gives citizens the possibility to complain if he or she is asked for data which is already available in such an authentic data source. 
The MAGDA platform (Maximum Data Sharing between Agencies) is a once-only principle implementation supporting electronic delivery of public services, at the federal, regional, and local levels of the government. The platform enables the reuse and sharing of citizens’ and companies’ data between the Flemish government authorities (190 agencies and 13 departments). The platform allows citizens and businesses to enter or update their data only once, from a single point of access, to be used by all public authorities. The exchange and reuse of existing data between government agencies through the MAGDA platform is performed using the national eID; accordingly, the once-only data collection relies on the eID card as well. Different public services, especially the application for benefits, can be performed online, without providing personal information or performing any further paperwork. All required data is transferred automatically, since MAGDA retrieves the required data from the national registry of natural persons after the citizen has been identified through his or her eID card.
Austria.
Austria has set itself the goal of advancing once-only integration in the field of eGovernment services in the coming years. In some cases, the principle has already been applied, e. g. in the case of the Austrian electronic health record (ELGA) or the Austrian FinanzOnline service.
A prominent example is the case of family allowances in Austria. After the birth of the child, the authorities will be asked whether a legal claim exists without a request. The competent registry office collects all relevant data on the child and the personal status data of the parents in the Central Register of Civil Statuses (CPR), operated by the Federal Ministry of the Interior. These data are transmitted by the Federal Ministry of the Interior to the tax authorities. The tax authorities are now examining whether all the conditions for granting family allowances are met. If this is the case, the parents are informed and the money is automatically transferred to the account. Up to six authorities had to be consulted by May 2015. As a rule, citizens no longer have to produce any evidence at all and receive support without submitting an application. In addition, the birth certificate and other documents can be requested in some hospitals (e. g. in Vienna) through a branch office of the registry office (so-called' baby points'). This avoids further visits to the authorities.
Portugal.
Slowly, the national administration is adopting the once-only principle. For the moment (2018), the most visible effort is on the annual tax form for individuals, which is now mostly pre-filled for everybody, using data existent on several different national offices. In thousands of cases, the form is even defined as complete, without the need for those citizens to do anything else other than confirming it in the system. This allows a speedy processing of taxes, to the point of reimbursements being made in a matter of weeks.
Denmark.
Denmark has for many years been pursuing the Government-centric Once-Only model with significant focus on central sharing and citizen profiling. Benefits of this model was mainly achieved in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Since then accumulating problems with trust, security and effectiveness of public sector models has led to search for New Digital Security Models addressing and solving these issues through extending or replacing models with Citizen-Centric Once-Only 
These models would involve introducing a two-layer National Identity and Digital Signature Scheme implementing support for eIDAS article 5.2 as purpose-specific identity and data sharing which will be tested in Denmark preparing for an EU-wide roll-out.
Spain.
In Spain, once-only is first mentioned in 1992. The Law 30/1992 of 26 November, on Public Administrations and the Common Administrative Procedure recognized the citizens’ right to non-provide documents already in hands of the acting Administration. Fifteen years later, the Law 11/2007 of 22 June, on Citizens’ Electronic Access to Public Services, extended this right to documents and data in hands of any Public Administration body. Then, the Law 39/2015 of October 1, of the Common Administrative Procedure of the Public Administrations complemented this right with a public administrations' obligation to verify and obtain data in hands of any public body with the citizen consent.
Along these years, the implementation of the once-only principle in Spain has been undertaken with sectorial and general domain initiatives. For instance, the Spanish Tax Agency started providing prefilled tax declarations to citizens in 2003, and the interoperable electronic prescription was launched in 2015 to allow buying medication in the whole country regardless of the administration that issued the prescription. 
A general purpose implementation of the once-only is the national Data Intermediation Platform (DIP), as a result of a collaboration effort involving the whole Spanish public sector. The DIP was launched in 2007 by the Spanish Government to publish and consume services for electronic data interchange with the aim to grow and to be re-used by all Administrations. Using the DIP with the SCSP protocol, public bodies in charge of administrative procedures can automatically check the required information without document submission by the citizens. The SCSP protocol is aimed to substitute paper certificates by electronic data exchanges and it defines a common structure for the messages and a governance model that considers four roles as result of two dimensions: data consumer/provider and business/technical actor. The Citizen's Folder is an online site where a citizen can access and see her/his data exchanges though the DIP. Since 2007, the number of data enquiry and verification services provided by the DIP has been growing dramatically, reaching almost 81 million of data transmissions in 2018 with 1191 public bodies involved (65 national bodies, 47 regional bodies, 11 institutional agencies, 1045 municipalities and 22 universities).
Implementation of the once-only principle (cross-border).
e-SENS.
The aim of the EU's large scale pilot e-SENS was to enable digital, cross-border management through generic and reusable technical components in the European Union. This project focused on technical solutions such as eID, e-documents and electronic signatures.
As part of the Citizen Lifecycle area of e-SENS, Sweden has been testing a new online service since 2016, providing third country students access to academic programmes at Stockholm University. The pilot project uses eID to identify and register, using a federal cross-border authentication tool supported by e-SENS, a large-scale EU initiative.
The pilot project, which is run by the University of Stockholm, enables foreign students to study Swedish courses at the same level as students on campus, including secure submission of signed assignments, individual teacher feedback online and participation in examinations. The system uses an extended version of the online learning platform Moodle.
Nordic Institute for Interoperability Solutions.
Nordic Institute for Interoperability Solutions (NIIS) is a non-profit association founded by Estonia and Finland in June 2017. Iceland joined NIIS as a partner in September 2018. The mission of the institute is to develop e-governance solutions and its first product is X-Road data exchange layer. X-Road is used nationwide in the Suomi.fi Data Exchange Layer service () in Finland and in the Estonian data exchange layer X-tee. Public sector organisations in both countries are legally obliged to use the national data exchange layer services. In addition, private companies are allowed to use the services in both countries. X-tee and Suomi.fi Data Exchange Layer are technically connected to one another which enables easy and secure cross-border data exchange between Estonia and Finland.
eManifest.
The eManifest pilot project was launched in 2016 to test the implementation of the once-only principle for maritime data in cooperation between DG MOVE, DG TAXUD, the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) and representatives of maritime and customs authorities from 13 EU Member States and industry associations. The aim of the project is to test procedures that would simplify reporting formalities for maritime transport and facilitate the implementation of Directive 2010/65/EC on reporting formalities. The pilot project aims to ensure that data elements transmitted by maritime operators can be reported once only through a single transmission to the national or EU-wide maritime Single Window. Subsequently, they will be distributed to the competent national authorities.
Business Registers Interconnection System.
The BRIS (Business Registers Interconnection System) is an initiative at EU level that provides a cross-border cooperation platform for European business registers and acts as a single point of access for the European e-Justice portal. It provides a service through which citizens, businesses and public administrations can access information on companies and their branches established in other Member States in accordance with Directive 2017/17/EC. BRIS provides an interface/search function for accessing enterprise data at EU level. It is designed to reduce the administrative burden on businesses in meeting cross-border obligations and to increase the legal certainty and efficiency of procedures carried out by public administrations.
X-trans.eu.
X-trans.eu was a cross-border pilot project between the Free State of Bavaria and Upper Austria with the aim of developing a faster procedure for the application and approval of cross-border large-capacity transports. Due to the different application forms and procedures for obtaining heavy goods transport permits in different countries, the aim of the pilot project was to create a central system that would save companies from submitting multiple applications for the same transport to different local authorities. The central approval portal x-trans.eu enabled the applicants to make their data available only once for the respective transport. The information collected was then forwarded to the appropriate authorities in each country, based on the application requirements in each country. The portal was based on a common data model that contained all the information required for approval. Rules could then be formulated to describe the information and application formats required in the individual countries. This made the system completely scalable for every European country. During the pilot phase, the data exchange between Austria and Germany was successfully tested.
Once-only research projects.
The Once-Only Principle Project (TOOP).
The Once-Only Principle Project (TOOP) is a large-scale cross-border pilot initiative supported by the Horizon 2020 framework programme, which examines the feasibility of the once-only principle at cross-border level. TOOP takes a specific approach to the once-only principle by focusing on information about companies (i. e. without data on individual citizens) and the cross-border exchange of this information. The project aims to contribute to a future in which companies have to pass on certain standard information to a national or supranational public administration only once, and this information can be shared and reused by public authorities in compliance with legal requirements and constraints.
Stakeholder Community of the Once-Only Principle For Citizens (SCOOP4C).
Stakeholder Community of the Once-Only Principle For Citizens (SCOOP4C) is an EU coordination and support action supported by the Horizon 2020 Framework Programme. The aim of the initiative is to examine how better provision of public services to citizens can be achieved by applying the once-only principle. SCOOP4C was established to analyze implementation barriers, generate once-only research and identify and link relevant EU stakeholders. To this end, the initiative regularly organises EU-wide workshops and events on the subject and provides an online knowledge base, a community platform and a best practice database. This aims to bundle all current once-only initiatives and facilitates the exchange between experts.
Purpose-specific Citizen identity (eIDAS 5.2) and Citizen-centric Once-Only (CitizenKey).
A civil-society-driven project established in Denmark aiming to set up a self-owned non-profit foundation (Digital Identity &amp; Security) to support and service eIDAS 5.2 identities and citizen-centric once-only data sharing across all of Denmark.
The project emerged from numerous large-scale EU security and identity research projects such as SECURIST, HYDRA, and ABC4TRUST etc. aiming to implement full-service eIDAS 5.2 identities including legal signing, payments, data sharing, credentials validation and communication WITHOUT digital identification in the transaction. The project aims to implement two large-scale Privacy by Design pilots – one on one Identity, payments and tax compliance and one on Personal Medicine ensuring strong anonymity around genome-related SmallData research and treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="56837717" url="?curid=56837717" title="2018 Chinese FA Women's Cup">
2018 Chinese FA Women's Cup

The 2018 Chinese FA Women's Cup () was the 12th edition of the Chinese FA Women's Cup.
Group stage.
The draw took place on 12 March 2018.
Quarter-Finals.
2nd Leg.
"Changchun Rural Commercial Bank won 6–1 on aggregate."
"Beijing BG Phoenix won 5–1 on aggregate."
"Dalian Quanjian won 5–1 on aggregate."
5th–8th place play-offs.
2nd Leg.
"Henan Huishang won 1–0 on aggregate."
"Shanghai won 6–2 on aggregate."
Semi-Finals.
2nd Leg.
"Jiangsu Suning won 5–1 on aggregate."
"Dalian Quanjian won 3–1 on aggregate."
7th–8th place play-offs.
2nd Leg.
"Wuhan Jianghan University won 3–0 on aggregate."
5th–6th place play-offs.
2nd Leg.
"Shanghai won 6–2 on aggregate."
3rd–4th place play-offs.
2nd Leg.
"Changchun Rural Commercial Bank won 4–3 on aggregate."
Finals.
2nd Leg.
"Jiangsu Suning won 7–0 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="56837720" url="?curid=56837720" title="1834 Massachusetts's 5th congressional district special election">
1834 Massachusetts's 5th congressional district special election


</doc>
<doc id="56837744" url="?curid=56837744" title="Savin Gunasekara">
Savin Gunasekara

Savin Gunasekara (born 15 July 1996) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 14 March 2018. He made his Twenty20 debut on 15 January 2020, for Burgher Recreation Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56837748" url="?curid=56837748" title="List of Resident Evil media">
List of Resident Evil media

"Resident Evil" ("Biohazard" in Japan) is a Japanese multimedia horror franchise owned by the video game company Capcom. The franchise was created in 1996 with "Resident Evil", a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom for the PlayStation console. The game's critical and commercial success drove Capcom to continue developing the series. Due to "Resident Evil"'s extended success, Capcom licensed more media based on the franchise including live action and animated films, novels, and comics.

</doc>
<doc id="56837754" url="?curid=56837754" title="Eddie Tunney">
Eddie Tunney

Edward Luton "Eddie" Tunney (23 September 1915 – 8 September 2011) was an English footballer who played as a full back.
Pre-war career.
Tunney started his career in football on the staff at Everton, however whilst there he would play in the reserve side.
He would then move to Wrexham in 1937, staying there until he was forced to move away due to his stationing as a sergeant instructor.
During the war.
During the war, Tunney would play as a war-time guest for Tranmere Rovers, Hartlepool United, Crystal Palace and Tottenham Hotspur
Post-war career.
After the war, Tunney would return to Wrexham, where he played until 1952. He made a total of 222 appearances for Wrexham over the course of his two spells there, before moving to non-league Winsford United.
Death.
Tunney would die on 8 September 2011, just a few weeks away from his 96th birthday. He is survived by his wife, Daisy.

</doc>
<doc id="56837772" url="?curid=56837772" title="Dogmeat">
Dogmeat


</doc>
<doc id="56837799" url="?curid=56837799" title="Admiral-Superintendent, Rosyth">
Admiral-Superintendent, Rosyth


</doc>
<doc id="56837808" url="?curid=56837808" title="María Evelia Marmolejo">
María Evelia Marmolejo

María Evelia Marmolejo (born 1958) is a Colombian radical feminist performance artist, later based in Madrid and New York City. She is credited by the Colombian scholar María Lovino with staging the first work of feminist performance art in Colombia, in 1981. She is best known for discussing controversial themes such as political oppression, feminism, environment, and socioeconomic issues within her performances.
Early life.
Marmolejo was born in Pradera, Colombia, in 1958. Raised in a Catholic family with four brothers, from an early age she became displeased with the idea of machismo and her inferior role in a male-dominated society, which led her to express this frustration in future artworks such as "Tendidos". As a child she took part in neighborhood theater classes and also participated in a theater workshop in art school, both largely influencing her passion for performing. She found performance art suitable for her as it gave her an outlet to express her anger and distress towards her country's political turmoil at the time, as well as her own struggles with being a woman.
Education.
Art Student: Universidad de Santiago de Cali (1978-80).
María Evelia Marmolejo studied art and obtained her B.F.A at La Universidad de Santiago de Cali, in Cali, Colombia, from 1978 to 1980, after realizing in previous years that studying law was not something that interested her. Here, she created her first installation for her final exam in 1979 titled "Tendidos", where she hung both used and unused pads from a clothing rack, which was hanging from a butchers hook. This was her first use of blood, which she would go on to use in other works to speak on the violence going on in her country. The piece as a whole was meant to protest the rape and torture of Colombian women by the Colombian army. During her final drawing test at the school, she cut her index finger and used her blood to draw a line on posters, illustrating how Colombia's political violence was continuous, but not a straight line, and also expressing her belief that a drawing did not have to be made out of the traditional paper and pencil. Consequently, she was failed out of art school when her professors did not accept either of the works. Once Marmolejo left art school, she decided to concentrate on performance art, having been inspired by artists including Lygia Clark, Yeni and Nan, and Carlos Zerpa.
Masters and Other Education.
Marmolejo also studied video and television at the Centro de Estudios de la Imagen in Madrid, Spain in 1986. Furthermore, she went on to obtain her Master of the Arts and Humanities from The City University of New York in New York, New York in 2008.
Artwork.
Marmolejo's works deal with themes of gender, colonialism, and political oppression in Colombia. Her first performances span the years 1981-1985, after which there was an almost 30 year period during which she rarely performed; she became publicly active again in 2013. She has staged her performances at major institutions such as the Museum of Modern Art of Bogota, Museum of Modern Art Cartagena, and the Contemporary Art Museum Guayaquil, as well as in more secluded sites. Her performances in the 1980s often included bodily fluids and infliction of injury to herself, in works responsive to political oppression in Colombia, the social conditions of women, the political context of women's bodies, and environmental issues.
Marmolejo self-exiled to Madrid in 1985. She is currently based in New York City.
Main Production Period: 1981-85.
Anonimo-1981.
Marmolejo produced the majority of her performance art pieces between 1981 and 1985. Her first performance titled "Anonimo 1" (Anonymous 1) took place in 1981 at the Plazoleta del Centro Administrativo Municipal in Cali, Colombia. "Anonimo 1" was a performance in recognition of the various innocent Colombian people that had suffered under the regime of the Colombian president at the time, Julio Cesar Turbay Ayala (1978–82). The first part of the performance consisted of Marmolejo creating a walkway from a white paper and then proceeding to cutting her own feet and walking over the paper, while leaving blood stains. In order to remain anonymous, she wore a white tunic, cap, and bandages over her face. In the second part, Marmolejo cured her self-inflicted lesions and then continued to walk over the paper with bandaged feet until the twenty minutes that she had planned for the performance were up. Maria Evelia Marmolejo intended to shock spectators into paying attention to the violence around them, to confront the various disappearances and murders, and to convince them of the great need to heal the pain that this violence had caused."Anonimo 1" also marked the beginning of her often utilizing self-harm as a technique to express herself in her performances and easily capture the attention of her audiences.
11 de Marzo-1982.
In 1982 Marmolejo produced her most famous and also most controversial performance titled "11 de Marzo." She performed it at the Galeria San Diego, in Bogota, Colombia. The performance consisted of her inducing her period, and was meant to celebrate it as a natural part of life rather than something to be ashamed of. Marmolejo arranged paper on the floor in an L shape and walked naked over it so that her blood would drip on it, all while playing flushing sounds in the background. The majority of her body was covered in pads, and she also danced while rubbing her pubic area against the paper and the walls. This performance was a way for her to express a part of her that had always been looked down upon by society, as well as a way to free herself and finally accept the natural functions of her body. It was seen as very rebellious as she turned a part of womanhood that was traditionally seen as a weakness, and an attribute contributing to a woman's presumed inferiority, and turned it into a strength.
Anonimo 3 and 4-1982.
Marmolejo also produced "Anonimo 3", which spoke on the need to focus on the environment. This was a private 15-minute performance that occurred near the Cauca River in Colombia, meant as a sort of apology for all of the pollution that humanity had created on earth, as was represented by the river. In this performance, Marmolejo covered herself in gauze and performed a healing ritual where she gave herself a vaginal washing meant to fertilize the ground and get rid of the pollution.
"Anonimo 4" was produced the same year. In a similar way to "Anonimo 3", it was a private performance that also took place by the Cauca River. In this presentation, she collected multiple placentas from nearby hospitals and placed them in a triangle that she dug in the ground. She then hung some placentas from her body using plastic strips and stood inside the triangle. This performance was effective in provoking people in the audience to both cry and vomit, as the smell of the placentas was so strong. The piece meant to emphasize the idea that being born into a world where one had to fight to survive was terrifying for many, including herself.
América-1985.
Marmolejo became pregnant in 1985 and decided to exile herself to Madrid, Spain. The artist became aware that the Spanish would be celebrating 500 years of the discovery of the Americas, which led her to provide her point of view and protest the celebration through another performance titled "América." "América" took place on October 12, 1985, at the Plaza Colon in Madrid. Through the performance, Marmolejo expressed her belief that they should not be celebrating, but instead lamenting that day because the discovery of the Americas also marked the beginning of colonialism. At 12:00 noon the artist began distributing copies she had taken of Fray Bartolomé de la Casas’ book, "Breve Destrucción de las Indias". She used some of the most tragic and graphic descriptions of conquest that de la Casas had described in his book as an attempt to convince people of the horrors of colonialism. She then proceeded to cutting her own fingers and using her blood to write the word "América" on the Christopher Columbus statue located in the plaza. The performance resulted in strong reactions from the public, with some people yelling at her to go back to her own country, and others yelling that she had the right to speak up because Spain was a free country. She then broke a large mirror and passed the shattered pieces out to the public, and shortly after got arrested. She was in jail for a few hours for possession of a weapon (the knife she used to cut herself), but was shortly released.
Sesquilé-1985.
Marmolejo decided to turn the birth of her son into another one of her artworks. The artist gave birth to her son on December 5, 1985, at the Hospital Anglo-Americano in Madrid. She chose to invite a photographer as well as various spectators to observe her giving birth to her son, whom she would give the same name as the performance, Sesquilé. Through "Sesquilé", Marmolejo wanted to juxtapose what it meant to be an artist and what it meant to be a creator of life. She believed that the process of creating as an artist was very similar to giving birth in that giving birth was in a sense a creation of a new life. Because at the time the artist believed that the concept of a God fed into the patriarchy and therefore considered herself an atheist, she considered herself her own God.
Exhibitions.
The following is a list of Maria Evelia Marmolejo's art exhibitions including her performances.
Collections and Present Day.
María Evelia Marmolejo's performance pieces can be found eternalized by various videos and photographs that can be found at the Prometeo Gallery in Milan, Italy, the Brooklyn Museum in Brooklyn, New York, the Museo de Arte Moderno de Bogota in Bogota, Colombia, and the Instituto de Vision also in Bogota. Marmolejo continues to reside in New York and continues to create pieces that aim to connect past issues with the present and analyze what has changed over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="56837813" url="?curid=56837813" title="Hojancha">
Hojancha


</doc>
<doc id="56837857" url="?curid=56837857" title="Bob Graham Sunshine Skyway Bridge Run">
Bob Graham Sunshine Skyway Bridge Run


</doc>
<doc id="56837861" url="?curid=56837861" title="Taganrog Aviation Museum">
Taganrog Aviation Museum

Taganrog Aviation Museum () is one of the eleven Aviation museums in Russia and is the only one of its kind in Southern Russia.
History.
Since 1948, the 325th Aviation Repair Plant (325th ARP) is located at the Taganrog-Central air base. The Aviation Museum currently belongs to ARP.
The 325th ARP repairs of An-12, An-72 transport aircraft and equipment for Il-76, Tu-142, Su-25, Su-27, Mi-8 and Mi-24 helicopters.
However, in the early 1990s, the 325th ARR had one more task: it was to create a "Base for the destruction of Aviation Equipment of Frontline Aviation". This happened according to the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, signed in 1990. Under this agreement, among other things, many combat aircraft from the USSR Air Force, and later the Russian Air Force, were to be disposed of. In Taganrog alone, about 300 fighters and fighter-bombers were cut into scrap metal.
Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir Stoyanov and the commander of the base, Colonel Alexander Kornienko, appealed to the command of the 4th Air Army with the proposal to keep at least one exemplar of each type of aircraft entering the dismantlement, removing their engines and airborne systems. According to the idea of Vladimir Stoyanov, the rescued machines were to become a base for the Taganrog Museum of Aviation.
The commander of the 4th Air Army Vladimir Sergeyevich Mikhaylov approved their idea. On 23 April 1995 he ordered to save MiG-21bis, MiG-23M, MiG-25BM and Su-22 from utilization programme. Soon new aircraft were acquired: Aero L-39 Albatros, Aero L-29 Delfin, Yak-38 and An-2, which was piloted by Valentina Grizodubova, a Hero of the Soviet Union and a Hero of Socialist Labour.
Currently the exhibits include 12 types of aircraft. One of the most interesting exhibit is the MiG-25BM, of which only 40 examples were constructed, and the one that is on display in Taganrog seems to be the only one that survived.
Visitors are allowed to get inside each aircraft. Now the museum keepers are trying to acquire City Status for their museum.

</doc>
<doc id="56837867" url="?curid=56837867" title="Iris F. Litt">
Iris F. Litt

Dr. Iris F Litt is a doctor, professor, and medical director that specializes in pediatrics and adolescent health. She has achieved multiple honors through her teaching and research in different areas of adolescent and pediatric health.
Early life.
Iris F. Litt was born in 1940 in Brooklyn, New York. Starting at a young age, she would go with her father, a general practitioner, to house calls. After high school, she attended Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is where she graduated from in 1961 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She attended medical school at the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center where she graduated from in 1965. Dr. Litt stayed in New York after medical school graduation, completing her residency at the New York Hospital where she eventually specialized in pediatrics. After her residency she became board certified in pediatrics.
Medical career.
After completing her residency, in 1967 she taught at Cornell Medical College. Teaching at Cornell Medical College for only a year, she then moved to Albert Einstein College of Medicine to teach pediatric medicine from 1968 to 1970. Along with her teaching at Albert Einstein, in 1968 she became the Director of Juvenile Center Service of the Division of Adolescent Medicine at Montefiore Hospital. After six years of being the Director at the Juvenile Center, in 1974 she became the Director at Rikers Island Prison Health Services until 1976. After leaving the position at Rikers Island in 1976 she founded the Division of Adolescent Medicine at Stanford University's Department of Pediatrics later becoming the Director where she held the position for 7 years until 1997. Along with being the Director, she began to teach at Stanford University in 1976 and helped direct the Institute of Research on Women and Gender. She still devotes some of her time to teach at Stanford University as a Professor in pediatrics. The research institute has since been renamed to the Clayman Institute for Gender Research. Due to her work at The Clayman Institute, a fund was created in her honor named the Iris F. Litt M.D. Fund. This fund is used for two different fellowships in the gender and medicine department. Through her schooling in adolescent health, she has done research on health care in juvenile detention facilities. This led to her co publishing an article on the topic in the "American Journal of Public Health" with Dr. Michael I. Cohen.
Achievements and awards.
Achievements.
Litt founded the Division of Adolescent Medicine at Stanford University's Department of Pediatrics in 1976. From 1976 to 2007 she was the Chief of Division of Adolescent Medicine at Stanford University. During the same time she was the Director of the Clayman Institute where she still continues research and other work. As she held both of those positions, she was also the Editor and Chief of the "Journal of Adolescent Health" from 1990 to 2004. Her most recent position achievement was her place as Director for the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences from 2009 to 2014. She was the first female and first physician to become the Director of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences.
Awards.
In 1992, she was given the Outstanding Achievement Award in Adolescent Medicine from the Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. In 1996 she was named in "Best Doctors in America." In 2002 she was honored by Stanford University with the Marron and Mary Elizabeth Kendrick Professorship in Pediatrics award. In 2007 she was honored with becoming emerita, retiring from her position but being honored with keeping the title of the position.

</doc>
<doc id="56837873" url="?curid=56837873" title="Leinster Terrace">
Leinster Terrace


</doc>
<doc id="56837877" url="?curid=56837877" title="Corporate Real Estate">
Corporate Real Estate


</doc>
<doc id="56837909" url="?curid=56837909" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56837915" url="?curid=56837915" title="Rely H5">
Rely H5


</doc>
<doc id="56837917" url="?curid=56837917" title="Rely H3">
Rely H3


</doc>
<doc id="56837919" url="?curid=56837919" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56837921" url="?curid=56837921" title="Wendy Cearns">
Wendy Cearns

Wendy Cearns (née Griffiths, born 25 August 1960) is an English former athlete who competed in the 400 metres hurdles. She won the 1981 UK Championships and 1989 AAA Championships titles, the latter in a lifetime best of 56.05 secs. Representing England she went on to finish fourth at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, New Zealand.
Career.
As Wendy Griffiths, she finished third at the 1980 UK Championships, before winning the 1981 UK Championships ahead of Sue Morley in 58.51 secs. She went on to finish second behind Morley at the 1982 UK Championships in 58.08 secs, and second behind Gladys Taylor at the 1984 UK Championships, both running 58.2 secs.
Competing as Wendy Cearns, she narrowly missed out on Olympic selection in 1988 after she finished fourth at the AAA Championships (incorporating the Olympic trials) in 57.01, just behind Simone Laidlow who ran 57.00 in third. Cearns then improved her best to 56.85 a week later, to rank number three in the UK for that year behind Sally Gunnell and Elaine McLaughlin. In 1989, she won the AAA Championships title in a lifetime best of 56.05, to rank second in the UK behind Gunnell. She went on to finish fourth in the final at the Commonwealth Games in January 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="56837928" url="?curid=56837928" title="Commodore Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron">
Commodore Commanding, 18th Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56837940" url="?curid=56837940" title="Phoebe Taber">
Phoebe Taber

Phoebe Thorn Merritt Clements Taber (1834 – March 22, 1916) was a painter believed to have been the "first professional female artist in Detroit."
Background.
In 1834, Phoebe Taber was in Millbrook, New York to Daniel and Mary Merritt. She was the third of six children. In 1857, at the age of twenty-three, she married Clark P. Clements of Ionia, Michigan. Following his death 1861, after just four years of marriage, Taber sought to become an artist to independently support herself and her son Clark. 
She was admitted to the "Female School of Art" at Cooper Union in 1865, and continued her studies at the Académie Julian in Paris. At the Académie Julian she specifically studied with William-Adolfe Bouguereau. After her studies, she returned to Michigan, remarried at the age of 39, and changed her name from Phoebe T. Clements to Phoebe T. Clements Taber. She continued to work as an artist even after marriage. 
Between 1880 and 1886, Taber lived in Ionia, where her husband had an agricultural store. In 1886, her family moved to Grand Rapids. Despite not living in the city, Taber continued to have an artistic presence in Detroit until 1898. All told she spent 40 years in Michigan. In the 1890s, Taber and her husband moved to Pasadena, California. Taber died in Pasadena on March 22, 1916 at the age of 82.
Artwork.
Taber specialized in fruit and flower still-life paintings. She has also more recently been recognized additionally as "versatile in figures and portraits."
Her portrait of Peter Cooper, the founder of the Cooper Union, was accepted into the Art Loan Exhibition of 1883, Detroit's first international art show.
In 1893, seven of Taber's paintings were displayed at the Chicago World's Fair. 

</doc>
<doc id="56837941" url="?curid=56837941" title="Ruth Gaviria">
Ruth Gaviria

Ruth Gaviria is a Colombian businesswoman. She is known as the first chief marketing officer of the American media company Entercom and former executive vice president of corporate marketing at the Spanish-language broadcast television network Univision.
Early life.
Gaviria was born in 1961 and graduated from Tulane University with a degree in genetics.
Career.
Beginning in 1987, Gaviria worked for companies such as Miller Brewing Company and Procter &amp; Gamble. In 1992, she joined Colgate-Palmolive as the director of multicultural markets. "Advertising Age" recognized her work at Colgate on its "The Marketing 100" list. In 1999, Gaviria became the vice president of marketing and sales at Fusion Networks.
Gaviria has also worked as the director of marketing for "People en Español", the vice president of Hispanic ventures at Meredith Corporation
 and developed the lifestyle magazine, "". In 2010, she began working as a senior vice president of corporate marketing for the Spanish language television broadcaster, Univision. Gaviria became executive vice president of corporate marketing at Univision in July 2013. She also rebranded the UniMás network.
Gaviria was named the first chief marketing officer of Entercom in February 2016. She has been recognized by "Fast Company" and "AdAge" as one of the "Top 100 Most Creative People in Business" and "Top Women to Watch", respectively, and is a board member for the Library of American Broadcasting, American Lebanese Syrian Associated Charities and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="56837948" url="?curid=56837948" title="Angus Ng">
Angus Ng


</doc>
<doc id="56837958" url="?curid=56837958" title="Italian destroyer Geniere">
Italian destroyer Geniere

Geniere has been borne by at least two ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56837975" url="?curid=56837975" title="Ripuarii">
Ripuarii


</doc>
<doc id="56837984" url="?curid=56837984" title="Marshal Baghramyan (metro station)">
Marshal Baghramyan (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56837989" url="?curid=56837989" title="Loja Saarinen">
Loja Saarinen

Loja Saarinen (1879-1968) was a Finnish-American textile artist and sculptor who founded the weaving department at the Cranbrook Academy of Art in Michigan. She also led her own studio, the Studio Loja Saarinen, which designed many of the textiles used in buildings designed by her husband, the architect Eliel Saarinen.
Background.
Minna Carolina Mathilde Louise "Loja" Gesellius was born March 16, 1879, in Helsinki, Finland, and studied art in Helsinki at Taideteollinen Keskuskoulu (1898–99) and Suomen Taideyhdistyksen Piirustuskoulu (1899-1902), and sculpture under Jean Antoine Injalbert at the Académie Colarossi in Paris.
Career.
Loja Saarinen started her career in 1928 when she founded one of the most productive weaving departments in the United States at the Cranbrook Educational Community. Saarinen was heavily influenced by Swedish craft tradition. She was one of the first artists to bring Scandinavian design to America. Her most substantial work was for Kingswood School where her studio designed tapestries, rugs, curtains, and upholstery.
Saarinen's work is characterized by simple geometric designs in subtle light and dark contrasts, with a frequent use of complementary colors.
One-Person Exhibitions: 

</doc>
<doc id="56837994" url="?curid=56837994" title="Charbakh (metro station)">
Charbakh (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56837999" url="?curid=56837999" title="Russia in Opium Wars">
Russia in Opium Wars


</doc>
<doc id="56838004" url="?curid=56838004" title="Garegin Nzhdeh Square (metro station)">
Garegin Nzhdeh Square (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56838026" url="?curid=56838026" title="Matteo Della Morte">
Matteo Della Morte

Matteo Della Morte (born 13 October 1999) is an Italian football player. He plays for Pro Vercelli.
Club career.
He made his Serie B debut for Pro Vercelli on 2 December 2017 in a game against Parma.

</doc>
<doc id="56838027" url="?curid=56838027" title="Zero electron kinetic energy spectroscopy">
Zero electron kinetic energy spectroscopy


</doc>
<doc id="56838052" url="?curid=56838052" title="Marius Oae">
Marius Oae

Marius Mădălin Oae (born 1 September 1983) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Oae started his career at Sportul Studențesc, for which played in the Liga I, then he played for Liga II sides Concordia Chiajna and Delta Tulcea, for German lower leagues Edenkoben and ended his career in 2014 after a short period spent at Liga III side Progresul Cernica.

</doc>
<doc id="56838053" url="?curid=56838053" title="Shengavit (metro station)">
Shengavit (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56838055" url="?curid=56838055" title="Anand Karaj Marriages Act 2017">
Anand Karaj Marriages Act 2017


</doc>
<doc id="56838060" url="?curid=56838060" title="Vibhor Sogani">
Vibhor Sogani

Vibhor Sogani (born ) is an Indian artist and product designer. Born in Jaipur, he has been living and working in New Delhi for the past 25 years. He has worked on several community art projects, the most notable of them being the Sprouts art installation near the AIIMS flyover in New Delhi.
Early life and education.
Vibhor Sogani was born in Jaipur, Rajasthan. After completing his schooling, he enrolled at the National Institute of Design in Ahmadabad, where he studied Industrial Design and graduated in 1992.
Career.
Sogani started his career with furniture division of Godrej Group in Mumbai designing the brand's executive-chair range in 1992 for almost a year.
He started his own company, ODD (Office of Design &amp; Development), in 1993 after shifting from Mumbai to Delhi. 
In August 2002, Sogani launched his Signature Brand of Lifestyle Accessories under the label Studio Vibhor Sogan, and had his first solo design show at India Habitat Centre, New Delhi. Until 2005, he was involved in his accessories line.
In 2006, Sogani designed a 2100 sq.m pavilion for DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organization) at the Defexpo with artist Ajoy David, which won the Best Exhibition Design Award.
In 2014, Vibhor Sogani has won the ‘Indian Icon of the Year’ award at Camera, Catwalk, Canvas Singapore. In 2015, Sogani exhibited ‘Mahatma in Me’, a set of stainless steel sculptures, at the Mahatma Mandir Convention Center in Gandhinagar. The sculptures were created as a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi. The exhibition then made its way to Zimbabwe and Tanzania in 2017, where it was hosted in several national galleries. Sogani is a member of the Indian Design Council since May 2017.
Artworks.
Public art installations.
"Sprouts": a 40 feet high installation in the heart of New Delhi. It is spread over 6 acres of greens in an area near Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences. The installation symbolized a nascent nation, growing and ‘sprouting’ after 60 years of independence.
"Kalpavriksha – The Wish Fulfilling Tree": A 35 feet high light art installation, in Arvind Group's Uplands, Ahmedabad. Sited at a 100-feet roundabout, it is the largest public art installation in the state.
"Joy – Larger than life and simple in form, ‘Joy’ is an ode to celebrating all that is beautiful, joy giving and unadulterated in life. Standing 30ft tall, crafted in mirror finished stainless steel spheres, this bouquet of balloons reflect the ever-changing environment around them as the passer by catches a glimpse of themselves in it.
Solo exhibitions.
Gujarat (2015): He exhibited for the inauguration of "Mahatma Mandir" in Gujrat.
Australia (2016): His exhibition at Australia for Gandhi Jayanti &amp; International Day of Non-Violence by United Nations received international recognition.
Zimbabwe: In August 2017, his exhibition was held at the National Gallery of Zimbabwe in Harare which featured 12 artworks in stainless steel. The exhibition was supported by Government of India and the ICCR.
Tanzania: In December 2017, his exhibition traveled to the National Museum in Dar es Salaam of Tanzania. The exhibition was supported by ICCR and the High Commission of India in Tanzania.
Trophy design.
Sogani has designed several trophies over the years for national and international events, including: Prime Minister's Award for Excellence 2016, Nexa Excellence Trophy 2016, Prime Minister's award for Best Integrated Steel Plant, Elle Décor Design awards 2014, Samsung Cup (India- Pakistan Cricket Series in Pakistan −2004), Pepsi Cup (India –Pakistan Cricket Series 2005), The PHL Trophy (Premier Hockey League), The Hutch-Delhi Half Marathon, Allianz Cup (Pakistan vs. India Test Series 2006, ONGC-Nehru Football Cup (2007–08).
Awards and honours.
Sogani was named Best Lighting Designer of the year at the Elle Decor International Design Awards for 2008, 2011, and 2018.
He received the 2006 Best Exhibition Design award at the Defexpo, New Delhi; and the 2015 Platinum Winner, Grand Stand Awards at Acetech, Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="56838070" url="?curid=56838070" title="Gortsaranain">
Gortsaranain


</doc>
<doc id="56838079" url="?curid=56838079" title="Marcia Arbuthnot">
Marcia Arbuthnot

Marcia Arbuthnot (9 July 1774 – 24 May 1806) was the first wife of politician Charles Arbuthnot.
She was born Marcia Mary Anne Clapcott Lisle, the daughter of William Clapcote-Lisle and his wife, the former Hester Cholmondeley (herself the daughter of George Cholmondeley, Viscount Malpas).
In 1795, she became a Lady-in-Waiting to Caroline of Brunswick, Princess of Wales.
She married Arbuthnot on 28 February 1799 at Cholmondeley House, Piccadilly. Her portrait was painted by John Hoppner and an engraving of the portrait was made by Samuel Reynolds.
Their children were:
Marcia died in Constantinople on 24 May 1806, "after seven years of perfect happiness", while her husband was Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. Arbuthnot remarried, his second wife being Harriet Fane (1793–1834), who became a notable political hostess.

</doc>
<doc id="56838081" url="?curid=56838081" title="General Andranik (metro station)">
General Andranik (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56838083" url="?curid=56838083" title="Republic Square (metro station)">
Republic Square (metro station)


</doc>
<doc id="56838092" url="?curid=56838092" title="Anger for Ghouta">
Anger for Ghouta


</doc>
<doc id="56838094" url="?curid=56838094" title="Mona A. El-Bayoumi">
Mona A. El-Bayoumi

Mona A. El-Bayoumi (born 1962) is an Egyptian American painter and mixed media artist.
Background.
Born in Alexandria, Egypt in 1962, El-Bayoumi moved to the United States at the age of four, and was raised in East Lansing, Michigan, where her parents taught at Michigan State University. She earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Michigan State in 1985, specializing in drawing and painting. While a student, she spent a year in London where she studied studio art. In 1998–1999 she completed a nine-month program at the National Museum of Women in the Arts in Washington, D.C., and was certified in museum in exhibition planning and design from Georgetown University.
Artwork and career.
El-Bayoumi's work portrays people, animals, objects and landscapes in acrylic, watercolor, and mixed media on canvas to create. Her work has been described as "iconic imagery, saturated colors and whimsical subtlety with a mystical style." Stylistically, her work reflects her North African roots, North American training, and travel in Egypt, North Africa, the Caribbean, Mexico and Europe.
Thematically, El-Bayoumi's work focuses on issues of injustice, sexism, racism towards Arabs, and the consequences of war. She has worked on the depiction of women, contrasting "liberated Western Women" with "oppressed Arab Women" in ways that question who it is that is oppressed and in need of liberation.
Notable works.
El-Bayoumi created a mixed medium work depicting American activist Rachel Corrie, who was killed by an Israeli Defense Force bulldozer in 2003. Her 2004 work, "Rachel Corrie, An American We Will Always Be Humbled By", juxtaposed images of Corrie with the US flag turning into hearts.

</doc>
<doc id="56838095" url="?curid=56838095" title="Barekamutyun">
Barekamutyun


</doc>
<doc id="56838097" url="?curid=56838097" title="Touch (NCT 127 song)">
Touch (NCT 127 song)

"Touch" is a song recorded by the South Korean, Seoul-based unit NCT 127 for their parental unlimited boy band NCT's first studio album "NCT 2018 Empathy" (2018). Co-produced by production team LDN Noise, Deez and Adrian McKinnon with lyrics from Jo Yoon-kyung, Kim Min-ji and Shin Jin-hye, the '90s-imbued tropical house track was released digitally on March 14, 2018, as the fourth single from "Empathy" by SM Entertainment with iRIVER Inc as the distributor. An accompanying music video was premiered a day prior to both the single and the album's scheduled digital release. The song was later re-recorded and released as the first single from the unit's first Japanese studio album "Awaken" (2019) on September 16, 2018 by Avex Trax. 
Following its initial release, "Touch" received positive reviews from music critics for its "bright, poppy" nature that does not usually present through the unit's choreography. The song also attained moderate commercial success, becoming the second highest entry from "Empathy" on the "Billboard" K-Pop Hot 100, while being the unit's first single to narrowly miss the top ten on "Billboard's" World Digital Song chart by far, peaking at number eleven only.
Background and release.
Following the group's promotion activity for their third extended play since June 2017, all nine members were eventually revealed as part of NCT 2018, a singular-year project involving all current members of NCT during mid-January by their native label. SM Entertainment then confirmed the unit's involvement for their parental group's first major release on February 6, with a music video to precede the album release. It was eventually released as the fourth single overall for "Empathy" on March 13, one day prior to its digital release. The song was technically the unit's first original release in nine months, and their first for a grouped NCT release. The song was then released as a single in the Japanese market on September 16, 2018, becoming the first single for their then-unknown upcoming Japanese studio album a year later.
Composition.
According to "Billboard"'s Tamar Herman, "Touch" is a '90s-imbued pop track that incorporates funky instrumentals, sleek synths and a brassy beat. The song was written by Cho Yoon-kyung, Jam Factory and Shin Jin-hye, and produced by LDN Noise, Deez, and Adrian Mckinnon.
Chart performance.
"Touch" entered at number 69 on "Billboard"s KPop Hot 100, on the week ending April 1, 2018. A week later, the song peaked at number 54. The song failed to enter Gaon's main single chart, but entered the component Download chart at number 31.

</doc>
<doc id="56838098" url="?curid=56838098" title="Yeritasardakan">
Yeritasardakan


</doc>
<doc id="56838111" url="?curid=56838111" title="Marketing authorisation application">
Marketing authorisation application


</doc>
<doc id="56838135" url="?curid=56838135" title="Steppe mammoth (exhibit)">
Steppe mammoth (exhibit)

The Trogonterium Mammoth () or Steppe Mammoth exhibit is a mammoth skeleton in Azov History, Archaeology and Paleontology Museum-Reserve.
History.
Steppe mammoths are an extinct species of mammoths that lived in Eurasia in the Middle Pleistocene. Steppe mammoth, as a species, was separated from the Southern mammoth (Mammuthus meridionalis) in the Upper Pleistocene and displaced it in the Middle Pleistocene about from 750 to 500 thousand years ago. Steppe mammoth had a short skull and long tusks. Having a height of up to 4.7 meters and weighing up to 10 tons, it was the largest type of proboscis. The skeleton, which is installed in the Azov Museum, is 4.5 meters high. The tusks of male Steppe mammoths reached a length of 5 meters and had curved ends that are less twisted than Woolly mammoth (Mammuthus primigenius) used to have. The tusks of female Steppe mammoths were thinner and less curved than those of female. This species of mammoths lived in Western Siberia, in present-day Kazakhstan, Rostov Oblast, Stavropol Krai and Krasnodar Krai.
The skeleton that is now presented in Azov Museum was found on 11 December 1964 near Azov in Kagalnitsky sand pit. The excavator operator, who was working at the sand career, discovered the remains of tusks. At the same site, several more bones of the same skeleton were found. This same winter, the whole skeleton was excavated.
The Azov Museum, where the skeleton was brought, did not have a paleontological laboratory and restoration specialists. Assistance in the preservation of bones was provided by the workers of Zoological Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. Vadim Evgenevich Garutt was engaged in conservation work. Restoration and production of missing bones took about ten years.
After the restoration, in 1980 all the bones of the skeleton were transported to the Azov Museum.
In 1999, in the Kagalnitsky quarry, the skeleton of a female Trogonterian mammoth was found and excavated. Now it is also presented at the paleontological collection of the Azov Museum.
Incomplete skeletons of steppe mammoths are kept in the Museum of Lyons (France, 1869), in the Geological and Paleontological Museum of the University of Münster (Germany, 1923), in the Museum of Zaugerhausen (Germany, 1930), in the Paleontological Museum of Odessa (Ukraine, 1940) and in the Museum of Nature and Man in Khanty-Mansiysk. Among them, only the Azov Museum-Reserve has two skeletons of a male and a female mammoth.

</doc>
<doc id="56838145" url="?curid=56838145" title="Do The Write Thing">
Do The Write Thing


</doc>
<doc id="56838172" url="?curid=56838172" title="Onsite health">
Onsite health

Companies like Apple and Amazon have begun the process of bringing healthcare onsite in order to save money on costs and better support their employees.
Onsite care allows employers to control healthcare costs themselves, and the business is growing. The market for preventive care and onsite clinics is predicted to double from 2017 to 2027.
More than just workplace wellness, onsite health services can range from simple fitness programs to fully functioning medical clinics. Employers can assess their workforce and offer services like primary care, onsite pharmacy, occupational health, chiropractic and acupuncture, and mental health counseling according to the needs of their employees.

</doc>
<doc id="56838173" url="?curid=56838173" title="Henrietta Worth Bingham">
Henrietta Worth Bingham


</doc>
<doc id="56838195" url="?curid=56838195" title="Cynthia Tuwankotta">
Cynthia Tuwankotta

Cynthia Tuwankotta (born 28 June 1977) is an Indonesian former badminton player who later represented Switzerland. Tuwankotta started playing badminton at aged six, and she won the junior title at her hometown Maluku when she was ten. She then selected to join Indonesia national team in 1994, and was part of the team for 6 years. In 2000, she moved to Switzerland and was part of the national team from 2000–2009. She reached a career high as world number 6 in the women's doubles world ranking. Tuwankotta competed for Indonesia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the women's doubles event partnered with Etty Tantri. After retiring from the badminton tournament, she became a badminton coach in Switzerland and France, and also found a Tuwankotta's Badminton Coaches and Tour in Indonesia.
Achievements.
Asian Championships.
"Women's doubles"
Southeast Asian Games.
"Women's doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix was sanctioned by the International Badminton Federation from 1983 to 2006.
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56838229" url="?curid=56838229" title="Data storage disk">
Data storage disk


</doc>
<doc id="56838260" url="?curid=56838260" title="Chynthia Tuwankotta">
Chynthia Tuwankotta


</doc>
<doc id="56838265" url="?curid=56838265" title="Cu04">
Cu04


</doc>
<doc id="56838268" url="?curid=56838268" title="Myrivilis">
Myrivilis


</doc>
<doc id="56838272" url="?curid=56838272" title="Ling Wanting">
Ling Wanting


</doc>
<doc id="56838275" url="?curid=56838275" title="Mona El-Bayoumi">
Mona El-Bayoumi


</doc>
<doc id="56838287" url="?curid=56838287" title="Sunshine Protection Act">
Sunshine Protection Act

The Sunshine Protection Act is a proposed United States federal law that would make U.S. daylight saving time permanent.
Background.
Time zones were first introduced in the United States in 1883 by railroad companies. In 1918, they were codified into federal law by the Standard Time Act, which also included a provision for nationwide daylight saving time modeled after European laws designed to save energy during World War I, but that component was repealed a year later due to protests by farmers. Many states subsequently introduced daylight saving time, and in 1966, the Uniform Time Act standardized the dates when it begins and ends. Hawaii, most of Arizona, and the U.S. territories have opted to observe permanent standard time, but the Uniform Time Act forbids observation of permanent daylight saving time.
Researchers have observed numerous ill effects of the annual transitions between daylight saving time and standard time. These include reduced worker productivity, increased heart attacks and strokes, and increased traffic incidents. Researchers have also observed ill effects of standard time compared to daylight saving time, including increased crime, more frequent traffic incidents, increased prevalence of seasonal depression, and greater energy usage.
In the late 2010s, resolutions were passed in more than 30 states advocating for the federal government to abolish the annual transitions.
Provisions.
The Sunshine Protection Act would establish a permanent daylight saving time in the U.S., leading to later sunrises and sunsets during the four months in which most of the U.S. currently observes standard time, resulting in less sunlight in the morning hours and more sunlight in the evening ones. It would not mandate that the states and territories that observe permanent standard time switch to permanent daylight saving time.
Legislative history.
The Sunshine Protection Act was first introduced in 2018 by U.S. senator Marco Rubio (), modeled after a 2018 Florida bill of the same name. U.S. president Donald Trump tweeted that he would be willing to sign it, but it failed to advance. A reintroduction in 2019 by Vern Buchanan () similarly failed. The 2021 iteration was filed in the U.S. House of Representatives by Buchanan on January 4, 2021, and in the U.S. Senate by Rubio on March 9, 2021.
The bill received bipartisan support, and was cosponsored in the Senate by James Lankford (), Roy Blunt (), Sheldon Whitehouse (), Ron Wyden, (); Cindy Hyde-Smith, (), Rick Scott (), and Ed Markey ().

</doc>
<doc id="56838313" url="?curid=56838313" title="Etienne de Flacourt-Bizet">
Etienne de Flacourt-Bizet


</doc>
<doc id="56838384" url="?curid=56838384" title="Stéphane Nabab">
Stéphane Nabab

Stéphane Nabab is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Port-Louis 2000 as a midfielder.
Career.
He has played club football for CTN François Blaquart, Savanne and Port-Louis 2000.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="56838392" url="?curid=56838392" title="Stephane Nabab">
Stephane Nabab


</doc>
<doc id="56838401" url="?curid=56838401" title="Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre">
Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56838423" url="?curid=56838423" title="William Roebuck">
William Roebuck

William V. Roebuck (born 1954) is an American ambassador who served as United States Ambassador to Bahrain from 2015 to 2017 and is currently the Deputy Special Envoy to the Global Coalition to Defeat ISIS.
Early life.
Bill Roebuck, who is from Rocky Mount, North Carolina, graduated from high school in 1974. He subsequently attended Wake Forest University, receiving a bachelor's and master's degree before attending the University of Georgia Law School.
Career.
He was confirmed as ambassador on November 18, 2014 and presented his credentials on January 20, 2015. He succeeded Thomas C. Krajeski and was succeeded by Justin Siberell.
Activities in Syria.
In August 2018, State Department representative William Roebuck traveled to the cities of Manbij and Kobani, both situated in Aleppo Governorate, as well as the town of Al-Shaddadah in Hasakah Governorate. He was later due to visit Deir ez-Zor Governorate which is held by U.S.-backed Kurdish forces. "We are prepared to stay here, as the president Donald Trump has made clear," he said after meeting with Democratic Federation of Northern Syria.
Criticisms of Turkish intervention.
In November 2019, Roebuck "criticized the Trump administration for not trying harder to prevent Turkey’s military offensive" in northern Syria.
In November 2019, the New York Times reported that Ambassador William Roebuck, the senior U.S. diplomat in Syria drafted a memorandum to the U.S. Special Envoy to Syria James Jeffrey that stated directly that the U.S. should have done more to stop the Turkish invasion into Syria. He said "Turkey’s military operation in northern Syria, spearheaded by armed Islamist groups on its payroll, represents an intentioned-laced effort at ethnic cleansing and what can only be described as war crimes and ethnic cleansing." He also warned that "we — with our local partners — have lost significant leverage and inherited a shrunken, less stable platform to support both our CT efforts and the mission of finding a comprehensive political solution for Syria."
Exit Interview.
In an interview with Defense One at the end of his career Roebuck commented on several areas. On Syria he said the damage to the relationship with the Syrian Democratic Forces has been repaired — because Donald Trump "ultimately agreed to keep a military presence in Syria, but we did lose significant leverage" amid the Turkish incursion into Syria, Roebuck said. "If you view our presence in northeast Syria as a source of leverage for some sort of future political solution [in the ongoing civil war in Syria], we pretty much overnight lost half of the territory that we were controlling, along with the SDF."

</doc>
<doc id="56838429" url="?curid=56838429" title="Aleksandra Vojneska">
Aleksandra Vojneska


</doc>
<doc id="56838453" url="?curid=56838453" title="Labuche Kang III/East">
Labuche Kang III/East

Labuche Kang III, also known as Labuche Kang East (), is a mountain located on the Labuche Kang massif in Tibet Autonomous Region and is one of the highest unclimbed mountains in the world after Gangkhar Puensum. The former second highest unclimbed mountain, Saser Kangri II East was first climbed on August 24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="56838455" url="?curid=56838455" title="Frédéric Sarah">
Frédéric Sarah

Jean Frédéric Sarah (born 26 February 1998) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays for Quatre Bornes as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Quatre Bornes, he has played club football for Quatre Bornes and Cercle de Joachim.
He made his international debut for Mauritius in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56838462" url="?curid=56838462" title="Frederic Sarah">
Frederic Sarah


</doc>
<doc id="56838495" url="?curid=56838495" title="Bank of Buffalo County">
Bank of Buffalo County

The Bank of Buffalo County, on Main St. in Gann Valley, South Dakota, is an Early Commercial-style building built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It is a building with brick veneer walls, on a concrete foundation. It has a brick parapet and a shed roof. It and several similar buildings were built with brick after a severe fire on Main St. in 1921. It has also served as the Bank of Gann Valley and as the Gann Valley Post Office.

</doc>
<doc id="56838537" url="?curid=56838537" title="The Bard's Tale 2">
The Bard's Tale 2


</doc>
<doc id="56838539" url="?curid=56838539" title="Dumitru Marcu">
Dumitru Marcu

Dumitru "Mitică" Marcu (born 9 April 1950) is a Romanian former professional football forward and manager. Despite Marcu started his career at Steaua București, he remained as a legendary player of the first golden generation of Universitatea Craiova, nicknamed "The Champion of a Great Love", together with players such as: Ion Oblemenco, Petre Deselnicu, Alexandru Boc or Theodor Țarălungă, among others. Marcu scored 63 goals in 203 matches for the white and blues.
After retirement, Marcu started his career as a manager, managing Jiul Petroșani, several times and FC U Craiova. Between 2012 and 2016, Marcu was the sporting director of FC Gloria Buzău.
International career.
Dumitru Marcu played in 16 matches for Romania and scored 3 goals.
Honours.
Player.
Universitatea Craiova

</doc>
<doc id="56838546" url="?curid=56838546" title="The Bard's Tale 3">
The Bard's Tale 3


</doc>
<doc id="56838557" url="?curid=56838557" title="Hamshen language">
Hamshen language


</doc>
<doc id="56838559" url="?curid=56838559" title="Hamshen dialect">
Hamshen dialect


</doc>
<doc id="56838562" url="?curid=56838562" title="ROH tournaments">
ROH tournaments


</doc>
<doc id="56838572" url="?curid=56838572" title="The Fleece, Bristol">
The Fleece, Bristol


</doc>
<doc id="56838580" url="?curid=56838580" title="Quartz fiber">
Quartz fiber

Quartz fiber is a fiber created from high purity natural quartz crystals. It is made by first softening quartz rods (in an oxyhydrogen flame) and then creating filaments from the rods. Since natural quartz crystals of high purity are rare, quartz fiber is more expensive than alternatives (glass fiber and high silica fiber) and has limited applications.
Manufacture.
Quartz fiber is made from heating quartz rods with an oxyhydrogen flame. Then, filaments are drawn out of the quartz rod, creating quartz fibers. For optical fibers, germanium and phosphorus can be added to increase the refractive index.
Properties.
A single quartz fiber can have a tensile strength of . Quartz fibers are chemically stable as they are not affected by halogens (for the most part). Quartz fibers also have a higher thermal resistance than S-glass or E-glass.
Applications.
Since quartz fiber is expensive, it has limited applications. It is used mainly for producing composite materials (due to having higher stability compared to glass fiber) and in electrical applications where thermal resistance and dielectric properties are important. It can be used in filtration applications where alternatives such as glass fiber filters cannot be used. Quartz fiber can also be used for physical devices (such as in quartz fiber dosimeters and quartz fiber electrometers).
Quartz fibers can be used in fiber optics. This is due to a quartz fiber having the ability to transport data at a speed of 1 terabit per second, and having a transmission loss of 1 decibel per kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56838589" url="?curid=56838589" title="2010–11 EuroChallenge">
2010–11 EuroChallenge


</doc>
<doc id="56838627" url="?curid=56838627" title="Church of Jesus Christ (Latter Day Saints)">
Church of Jesus Christ (Latter Day Saints)


</doc>
<doc id="56838647" url="?curid=56838647" title="Goodship">
Goodship

Goodship is a Seattle cannabis business, founded in 2016 by Jody Hall, a former Starbucks executive. Hall also founded Cupcake Royale, a six-location cupcake chain in Seattle.
Goodship's "Higher education" lecture series began in 2015. According to "High Times", it's "like college, but you don't have to pretend you're not stoned."
The company was purchased in 2017 by Privateer Holdings, and in 2018, announced expansion into California.

</doc>
<doc id="56838675" url="?curid=56838675" title="Mo Wilkerson">
Mo Wilkerson


</doc>
<doc id="56838677" url="?curid=56838677" title="Vasika... kalispera sas">
Vasika... kalispera sas

Vasika... kalispera sas () is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Giannis Dalianidis.

</doc>
<doc id="56838680" url="?curid=56838680" title="Hella Serafia Haasse">
Hella Serafia Haasse


</doc>
<doc id="56838686" url="?curid=56838686" title="Crest (physics)">
Crest (physics)


</doc>
<doc id="56838689" url="?curid=56838689" title="South African Mineral Reporting Codes">
South African Mineral Reporting Codes

The South African Mineral Reporting Codes (SAMCODES) are codified sets of standards and guidelines applicable to the South African Minerals and Petroleum Industries, drafted and overseen by the SAMCODES Standards Committee (SSC), a professional and non-governmental body. Specifically, the standards and guidelines are applicable to public reports compiled on behalf of South African Minerals and Petroleum companies for the benefit of investors. The Codes are incorporated into Section 12 of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Listings Rules, which detail "the criteria for the listing of, and the additional disclosure requirements for Mineral Companies and, in certain circumstances, substantial mineral assets of non-Mineral Companies" in South Africa. As such, the SSC acts in an advisory capacity to the JSE, ensuring that reports submitted for listings consideration are compliant with the SAMCODES.
The Codes set out minimum standards for Public Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral (or Oil and Gas) Resources and Ore Reserves and their Valuation for listed and non-listed entities, or those companies wishing to list or raise capital for a Minerals or Petroleum Project. Public Reports include, but are not limited to, annual and quarterly company reports, press releases, information memoranda, technical papers, website postings and public presentations. The purpose of the codes is to protect the investment community from misleading information with regards to mineral resources and reserves.
The Codes are principles-based, and are designed to provide investors and potential investors with the minimum, material information for an informed investment decision. Public Reports require sign-off by a duly qualified, experienced and registered professional person, named a "Competent Person" or "Competent Valuator" or "Qualified Reserves Evaluator".
The SAMCODES currently comprise three codes, namely SAMREC: The South African Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves (2016); SAMVAL: The South African Code for the Reporting of Mineral Asset Valuation (2016); and SAMOG: The South African Code for the Reporting of Oil and Gas Resources (2015).
History.
Following the formation of a committee in 1992 by the GSSA to compile a South African Code for the reporting of mineral resources and mineral reserves, a draft was presented for discussion at the 15th Conference of the Council of Mining and Metallurgical Institutions (CMMI), at Sun City, South Africa in 1994. The CMMI then created an ad-hoc International Definitions Group (later to become the Committee for Mineral Reserves International Reporting Standards (CRIRSCO)) consisting of representatives from mining and metallurgical institutions from Australia, Canada, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the USA, whose purpose was to "[develop] a set of international standard definitions for the reporting of mineral resources and mineral reserves". In 1997 in Denver, Colorado, the group reached a consensus on the standard definitions (known as the Denver Accord), which are now common to all CRIRSCO aligned codes and have been incorporated into the UN Framework Classification.
In compliance with the Denver Accord, the first version of the SAMREC Code was published in March 2000. A rewrite of the SAMREC Code was proposed in 2004, whilst in 2002 work had begun on the establishment of a code for the valuation of mineral assets (SAMVAL) and in 2005 a decision was made to develop a separate oil and gas code (SAMOG). In 2007 and 2008 respectively, the updated version of the SAMREC Code and the first version of the SAMVAL Code were published, with the input of over one hundred people - including mining-industry professionals, and members of the financial and investment communities - assisting in their creations.
The current versions of the SAMCODES were released during the opening of the JSE on 19 May 2016.
Description.
SAMREC.
The code details three main categories for the reporting on mining projects, these are Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, and Mineral Reserves.
When interest is first expressed in the geology of an area, preliminary work is undertaken by Competent Person/s (CP) on the site, the results of which may be of interest to investors and are reported as Exploration Results or Exploration Target, but which should not be considered a declaration of Mineral Resources or Reserves. According to SSC standards, CPs are required to have at least five years of experience relevant to the style of mineralisation, the type of deposit and the activity that is being undertaken.
Once further scientific and engineering investigation has been performed and it can be demonstrated that there are "reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction", then a Mineral Resource Report can be published or declared. There are three sub-categories of Mineral Resource within the Code, namely Measured, Indicated, and Inferred. These sub-categories indicate levels of geoscientific confidence in the project, from highest (Measured) to lowest (Inferred).
When the economic feasibility of a project has been demonstrated, by taking into account Modifying Factors (i.e. mining, processing, metallurgical, infrastructure, economic, marketing, legal, environmental, social and governmental factors), then a Mineral Reserve can be declared. Mineral Reserves fall under two sub-categories (Proved and Probable). Proved Reserves are derived from Measured Resources and imply a high degree of confidence in the Modifying Factors, whereas Probable Reserves are derived from Indicated Resources and imply a lower degree of confidence in the Modifying Factors.
The current iteration of the code came into effect on 1 January 2017.
SAMVAL.
Whilst the SAMREC and SAMVAL Codes adhere to similar principles, the main difference is that SAMREC focuses on resource-reserve estimation and SAMVAL on their monetary valuation. The code sets forth fundamental principles that a Competent Mineral Assets Valuator (CV) should adhere to when conducting and reporting on a mineral asset valuation. Apart from sharing the fundamental principles of Materiality, Transparency, and Competency with the SAMREC Code, the SAMVAL Code also includes Reasonableness, which was added in its 2016 update.
See .
SAMOG.
Drawing from the Canadian Oil and Gas reporting code (National Instrument 51-101) and the Petroleum Resources Management System (PRMS), the SAMOG Code "formalises the standard of reporting on the size of oil and gasfields and reservoirs, as well as items that must be disclosed in public reports". Under the code, proven reserves (P1) are those in which there is 90% certainty of production occurring, and probable reserves (P2) are those in which there is 50% certainty of economic extraction.
Criticisms.
While the SAMREC Code requires that a CP should be forthcoming about all aspects associated with a project (including negative ones), a 2014 paper by S.M. Rupprecht highlights the concern that self-regulation is still difficult to enforce. The author lists possible reasons for non-compliance with the code, one being the fact that the viewing of reports are often subject to confidentiality agreements, and another being that practicing CPs are reluctant to make formal complaints against others for actions they may be guilty of themselves.
While professional organisations, such as the GSSA and SAIMM, cannot be held legally liable for the negligence of their members, Rupprecht suggests they could offer coaching and mentoring around the reporting codes to their members so as to improve overall standards, rather than exacting punitive measures on them ("except in special cases where fraud or deception is deliberate").
In an attempt to tackle the issue of non-complaint reporting, the SAMREC Code introduced the 'if not, why not' principle in 2016, "which involves testing statements against a list of questions and, if any question cannot be answered, the competent person (CP) must indicate why not." - Ken Lomberg, SAMREC Committee Chairperson 2017

</doc>
<doc id="56838704" url="?curid=56838704" title="Farm to Market Road 1452">
Farm to Market Road 1452


</doc>
<doc id="56838715" url="?curid=56838715" title="Farm to Market Road 1428">
Farm to Market Road 1428


</doc>
<doc id="56838730" url="?curid=56838730" title="Anadzahé">
Anadzahé


</doc>
<doc id="56838734" url="?curid=56838734" title="Interference (wave propagation)">
Interference (wave propagation)


</doc>
<doc id="56838739" url="?curid=56838739" title="McClatchy Tribune">
McClatchy Tribune


</doc>
<doc id="56838764" url="?curid=56838764" title="James A. Corbin House">
James A. Corbin House

The James A. Corbin House, at 345 Main St. in Spearfish, South Dakota, was built in 1918. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
It is a two-story vernacular-style house. Nonetheless it was deemed significant as "a good example of vernacular domestic housing in Spearfish, South Dakota, in the early 20th Century. Using a mixture of stylistic components, it is one of the few brick or brick-faced houses in the city."

</doc>
<doc id="56838776" url="?curid=56838776" title="A.M. Bakalar">
A.M. Bakalar


</doc>
<doc id="56838811" url="?curid=56838811" title="Zorotypus amazonensis">
Zorotypus amazonensis

Zorotypus amazonensis is a species of insect in the genus "Zorotypus". It is found in the central Amazonia. Males possess features that distinguish them from related species. The male cerci is elongated, curved, and studded with three stiff setae along inner margins allowing for a "clasperlike" appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="56838822" url="?curid=56838822" title="Edward Shann">
Edward Shann

Edward Owen Giblin Shann (30 April 1884 – 23 May 1935, often written as E. O. G. Shann) was an Australian economist and historian. At a time when Australia's dominant economic philosophy favoured protectionist tariffs, Shann championed a more liberal approach. He is perhaps best remembered for his prediction of the Great Depression based on an analysis of similarities between the economic climate of the late 1880s and that of the late 1920s, for his involvement in the development of the University of Western Australia, and for his numerous works on economics and the defence of free trade.
Early life and education.
Shann was born in 1884 in Hobart, Tasmania to Frank and Frances Shann, and was the youngest of four children. The family relocated to Victoria in the late 1880s following the departure of his mother.
The 1890s in Australia were characterized by a serious economic depression, and the Shann family suffered great financial difficulty during this time. Nonetheless Edward was able to attend Wesley College and later Queen's College, University of Melbourne thanks to scholarships and the support of his brother Frank.
Shann was a polymath and explored many different fields of study, but specialized in history and political economy. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts with first class honours in these fields at the top of his class in 1904.
Later life and career.
Following his graduation in 1904 he taught briefly at his alma mater, as a temporary lecturer in constitutional history. Apart from a brief stint as acting professor of philosophy at the University of Adelaide in 1906, a posting he apparently regretted, he would lecture in Melbourne until his departure for the London School of Economics.
In September 1908 he left Australia to attend the LSE where he intended to pursue a D.Sc., although his studies would ultimately be cut short due to illness. While there he studied French syndicalism and was influenced by the Fabian Society and prominent British socialists such as George Bernard Shaw and Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb, whom he came to know personally. He would return to Melbourne a believer in rational socialism but this flirtation was ultimately short-lived.
In 1910 he returned from London and resumed work as a lecturer. He was offered the chair of political science at the University of Peking that same year, which he declined; in 1911 he accepted a position as lecturer in charge of history and economics at the University of Queensland. He would remain there through 1912.
Throughout this period he supported Liberal politician Donald Mackinnon and served as his political secretary.
In 1913 he became foundation professor of history at the newly founded University of Western Australia in Perth. He would become closely affiliated with the University and its development, serving as its vice-chancellor from 1921–23. His legacy at UWA is commemorated by the Shann memorial lecture (held there annually since 1961) as well as a memorial sundial and seat erected in 1937 in his honour in the sunken gardens on the campus.
In 1930 he was hired as the Bank of New South Wales' economic consultant, a full-time position in Sydney. This was the first time that such a position had been filled by an actual economist in Australia; Shann established an economics department at the bank and advised it on economic issues relevant to it. He held this position for three years, during which time he became active in an economic advisory capacity to the Australian government. To this end in 1931 he joined the Copland Committee which helped to formulate the Premiers' Plan to combat the great depression; in 1932 he assisted Sir Wallace Bruce's committee on unemployment; in 1932 he advised the government at the Ottawa Conference and again in 1933 at the London Economic Conference. In all of these roles he emerged as a strong proponent of free trade and flexible markets and against expansionary fiscal policy.
In 1933 he accepted the chair of economics at the University of Adelaide, although he remained at UWA through 1934. This would be his final appointment before his death in 1935.
Economic positions.
Edward Shann was a classical liberal, and defended free trade and open markets at a time when Australia favoured protectionist trade policy and tariffs.
Shann famously predicted the Great Depression in his 1927 essay, "The Boom of 1890 – and now", in which he likened the economic conditions of the late 1880s to those of the late 1920s, warning that a similarly dire economic decline might follow for similar reasons.
His seminal work, 1930's "An Economic History of Australia", is still a very well regarded reference to Australia's economic policies and institutions from the late 19th century into the early 20th.
He wrote prolifically on the subject of economics, always advancing a liberal position. His collection of essays, "Bond or Free?", juxtapose economic liberalism against paternal protectionism and, as in the title, ask whether Australians should prefer bondage or freedom. In this work he came out in opposition to more public works, and in this as well as in his vocal opposition to countercyclical fiscal policy he fell decidedly outside of the Keynesian mould that gained popularity during the depression years.
Personal life.
Edward Shann married Alice Eddie in 1911 in Melbourne, and together they had three daughters. One, Marjorie, later married one of Shann's more prominent students, Arthur Tange.
Death.
Shann's death was and remains the subject of some controversy. He was found dead on the footpath outside of his first-floor office window at the University of Adelaide, from which he had apparently fallen. This was ruled a suicide by the coroner. This explanation has always been controversial: even at the time, some of his contemporaries suggested foul play.
Later analyses suggest that while suicide was perhaps not the correct explanation, foul play probably wasn't either. Rather, it suggests that his death was probably accidental: Shann, who had suffered from nervousness throughout his life, often felt faint, and when such an episode was upon him he would tend to rush to fresh air. He had indeed complained of faintness the day of his death and had delivered a lecture sitting down, unusually for him.
In a previous episode, described by his brother in a letter, Shann had hurt his finger and then rushed to the window for some fresh air; upon opening the window he collapsed and nearly fell out. Similarly, Keith Hancock wrote in a letter that Shann had told him he had been feeling faint, and related that he would often open a window to get some fresh air and then lose his balance. Unfortunately, these letters only surfaced after the coroner had pronounced the death a suicide. In light of them it now seems more likely that Shann had a similar episode, opened his window, and, feeling faint, simply fell out.

</doc>
<doc id="56838823" url="?curid=56838823" title="Jeffery Young">
Jeffery Young


</doc>
<doc id="56838838" url="?curid=56838838" title="Abhijith P S Nair">
Abhijith P S Nair


</doc>
<doc id="56838843" url="?curid=56838843" title="Federal Ministry of the Environment, Nature Conservation, Building and Nuclear Safety">
Federal Ministry of the Environment, Nature Conservation, Building and Nuclear Safety


</doc>
<doc id="56838856" url="?curid=56838856" title="Guatemalan Migrants in the United States">
Guatemalan Migrants in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56838861" url="?curid=56838861" title="Biological timeline of radiation poisoning">
Biological timeline of radiation poisoning


</doc>
<doc id="56838867" url="?curid=56838867" title="Nadia el Fani">
Nadia el Fani


</doc>
<doc id="56838880" url="?curid=56838880" title="The Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy">
The Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy


</doc>
<doc id="56838883" url="?curid=56838883" title="Lynn Merrick filmography">
Lynn Merrick filmography


</doc>
<doc id="56838892" url="?curid=56838892" title="Creativity Inc.">
Creativity Inc.


</doc>
<doc id="56838895" url="?curid=56838895" title="Creativity Inc">
Creativity Inc


</doc>
<doc id="56838897" url="?curid=56838897" title="Ștefan Demici">
Ștefan Demici

Ștefan Demici (born 4 August 1975) is a Romanian former rugby union football player and coach. He played as a hooker. He also played for Romania's national team, the Oaks, making his international debut in a match against the Argentinian "Los Pumas".
Demici is the current team manager of Dinamo București.
Club career.
Ștefan Demici played his entire career for professional SuperLiga club, Dinamo București. He also played with Dinamo in the European Rugby Challenge Cup competition.
International career.
Ștefan Demici was selected for 4th Rugby World Cup in 1999, but did not play any matches.

</doc>
<doc id="56838901" url="?curid=56838901" title="Creativity, Inc">
Creativity, Inc


</doc>
<doc id="56838903" url="?curid=56838903" title="Vidame de Chartres">
Vidame de Chartres

Vidame de Chartres was a title in the French nobility. There are a few vidame titles in France, of which that of Chartres is probably the best known, because a number of holders have been notable in widely different ways over the centuries. Vidame was originally the name for the commander of a bishop's military force in the Early Middle Ages, when bishops, like other great lords, needed troops for security. The title eventually developed into a heritable noble title, like others linked to a specific estate. The title therefore passed to the new owner when the estate was sold, as happened a number of times in this case.
By the later Middle Ages, the title was held by the owner of the chateau and estate of La Ferté-Vidame (documented by 985), Eure-et-Loir, some 40 kilometres from Chartres. In the 17th century the holder was still supposed to pay an annual fee to the Bishop of Chartres (for holding the land associated with the role, while not performing the duties), ceremonially presented during the mass in Chartres Cathedral on the feast day of the Purification of the Virgin.
Middle Ages.
The vidame of the day took part in the First Crusade (1095–1099). The title was held by the de Ferrières family by the 12th century. They had acquired it through marriage with the sister and heiress of the 10th vidame of the family of the lords of Étienne. Confusingly, this was an entirely different de Ferrières family to that holding the title in the 16th century. Holders included Guillaume de Ferrières (grandson of the first de Ferrières vidame, c.1150 – ?April 1204), who took part in the Third (1188–92) and Fourth Crusades (1201–4), and died in Romania as part of the latter. He is assumed to be the trouvère (north French troubador poet-composer) recorded only as the "Vidame de Chartres", to whom eight songs have been attributed. Through his sister the title passed to the lords of Meslay-le-Vidame, Eure-et-Loir.
About 1380 the Vidame's sister and eventual heir Jeanne de Chartres married Robert de Vendôme, who became Vidame after the death of his brother-in-law around 1401. Robert de Vendôme came from a branch of the Vendôme family, a well-connected junior branch of the House of Bourbon. The Vendômes held the title until 1560. They largely rebuilt the chateau to give it the impressive feudal appearance, with eight towers, that it kept until the 1770s.
Renaissance to French Revolution.
The title passed to François de Vendôme (c. 1522 – 22 December 1560), who was a successful soldier who figures largely in accounts of the brilliant but decadent French court of the period. The account in the colourful memoirs of Brantôme (1540–1614) place him in the centre of intrigues with Queen Catherine de' Medici (1519–1589), Diane de Poitiers (1499–1566), and the Guise brothers, Francis, Duke of Guise (1519–1563), Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine (1524–1574) and Claude, Duke of Aumale (1526–1573), with all of whom he was at odds by the end of his life. Although not apparently a Huguenot himself, he became attached to the Huguenot convert Louis, Prince of Condé (1530–1569) as the strongest anti-Guise figure. The Vidame was put in the Bastille after the Amboise conspiracy of 1560, in which he seems to have not been involved, and died days after the death of Francis II of France, which would probably have led to his release.
François de Vendôme, always referred to as the Vidame de Chartres, is a major character in "La Princesse de Clèves", an anonymous French novel published in March 1678, which mixes historical and fictional characters. It is regarded by many as the beginning of the modern tradition of the psychological novel, and as a great classic work. Its author is generally held to be Madame de La Fayette. The action takes place between October 1558 and November 1559 at the court of Henry II of France, and the account of the Vidame's character broadly agrees with that of Brantôme. The Vidame was further depicted, in similar terms, in "Catherine De Medici" by Honoré de Balzac, as "the first and only amour" of the widowed queen.
When Vendôme died the title passed to Jean de Ferrières (1520–1586), a leading Huguenot politician and military commander in the French Wars of Religion, who was forced to spend periods in exile in England. He was eventually captured when fighting for the future Henri IV of France by the crown's Catholic forces, and died in captivity when he could not raise the ransom demanded. After de Ferrières died, the title passed by descent to Préjean de la Fin (d. 1624), another plotter, this time against the Bourbon dynasty.
Dukes of Saint-Simon, and after.
By the time "La Princesse de Clèves" was published the chateau and title belonged to Claude de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon (1607–1693), who had bought La Ferté-Vidame in 1635, the same year his dukedom was created. His son Louis, the second and last duke and famous memoirist (1675–1755), used it as a courtesy title at court until his father's death; the contrast between the debonair fictional character and the very short teenager may have given rise to some amusement. In turn it was used by his sons. According to the second duke, his father (a younger son) had bought the estate at the request of King Louis XIII – and perhaps with his funds, to give him a seat befitting his new rank as a ducal peer of France.
La Ferté-Vidame passed to the Grimaldi family when Saint-Simon's grand-daughter married a younger son of Jacques I, Prince of Monaco. In 1764 La Ferté-Vidame was bought by Jean-Joseph de Laborde (1724–1794), a very wealthy businessman, who became a "fermier général", politician and banker to the king. Laborde built the neo-classical mansion (architect Antoine Matthieu Le Carpentier, from 1771) whose ruined shell remains today. In politics, he was ahead of his time and of the French Revolution, and (with Mirabeau) was one of the only noble députés (from the bailliage d'Étampes) to accept demotion to the Third Estate upon the Revolution. However, this was not enough to save him from being guillotined under the "loi des suspects" on the orders of Louis de Saint-Just, in one of the last fits of the Reign of Terror in May 1794.
After only 20 years the estate was sold to Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre (1725–1793), grandson of Louis XIV of France by Louis Alexandre, Count of Toulouse, his legitimized son with Madame de Montespan (and incidentally, along with his brother, especially detested by Saint-Simon). The sale was in 1784 for 5.5 million francs, a very large sum. The duke died of natural causes in 1793, the last vidame of the Ancien regime. At the Bourbon Restoration, the chateau was restored to his daughter, Louise Marie Adélaïde de Bourbon, Duchess of Orléans. On her death in 1821, the domaine passed to her eldest son Louis-Philippe I, future king of the French.
Holders of the title.
Notable holders before the revolution include:

</doc>
<doc id="56838914" url="?curid=56838914" title="Nails (2017 film)">
Nails (2017 film)

Nails is a 2017 horror film directed by Dennis Bartok, who co-wrote it with Tom Abrams. Shauna Macdonald stars as a track coach who is paralyzed after a hit-and-run accident. Upon waking in the hospital, she is haunted by a ghost. It is an international co-production between the United Kingdom and Ireland. It premiered at the Audi Dublin International Film Festival in February and was released in the UK and Ireland on 16 June of the same year.
Plot.
Dana Milgrom, a track coach and fitness enthusiast, is struck by a hit-and-run driver while crossing the street. She briefly dies before being revived by paramedics. When she wakes in the hospital, her body is battered, her legs are paralyzed, and she is connected to a medical ventilator through a tracheal tube. Unable to speak, she is forced to use a speech synthesis program. Her husband Steve helps her adjust to the program and assures her that he will attempt to get her back home soon. That night, Dana believes someone has entered her room. The nurse assistant, Trevor, checks the room for her in the morning but says no patients from this wing could have wandered in. When Dana insists a man is harassing her, she is assigned psychiatrist Dr. Stengel. As Steve insists the hospital staff take better care of her, Dana's daughter, Gemma, explores the hospital, unaware that a ghostly figure has observed her.
After an incident in which her ventilator fails, the hospital is forced to take Dana's claims more seriously. Though doubting foul play, hospital director Elizabeth Leaming authorises CCTV cameras to be installed in Dana's room. The cameras do not capture the next attack, where the same ghostly figure attempts to kill Dana. Dana's frantic emergency calls summon Trevor. The ghost leaves when Trevor enters; though he says he saw nothing, he tells Leaming that he felt a presence. Dana researches the hospital's past, learning that an orderly, Eric Nilsson, murdered several children before committing suicide. Trevor claims ignorance of Nilsson and tells her to ask Dr. Stengel about the hospital's history. Stengel reveals that Nilsson, a troubled former patient, was hired as an orderly once he was discharged. Because he collected fingernails from the children's ward patients, he was given the nickname "Nails".
Dana becomes convinced that Nails's ghost is haunting her and that Steve is having an affair with a new athlete, Ashley. Steve believes Trevor to be responsible for Dana's attacks. Trevor himself is overworked. Though he helps her as he can, he exasperatedly tells her to seek help from her husband when Dana insists on being discharged from the hospital. Nails makes contact with Dana through her speech synthesis program, threatening to kill her. When she asks why he has targeted her, Nails carves an answer onto her body: "because I miss you". Separately, Trevor finds an old record for Dana under her maiden name. Dana is revealed to have been one of the child patients Nails tended. Trevor sees live video footage where Nails attacks him; Nails kills Trevor off-screen, then mocks and kills Leaming, who has attempted to call the police.
Ashley, who comes to the hospital to visit Dana with Steve and Gemma, is possessed by Nails and kills Steve. Knowing that Nails will attempt to kill everyone, Dana tells Gemma to leave without her. Gemma refuses and forces Dana to come with her. Dana, who has grown stronger and has been practicing breathing on her own, has Gemma pull out the tracheal tube and put her in a wheelchair. The two race to escape the hospital as Nails kills the few remaining staff members, including Dr. Stengel. To save Gemma, Dana sacrifices herself; Gemma suffers shock after seeing Nails murder Dana. Emergency workers attend to Gemma after she escapes the hospital. When they ask who is responsible, all she can tell them is that Nails killed everyone. 
The final shot of the film shows Dana's hospital room with her laptop on the bed facing towards the camera. It slowly zooms into the laptop screen that is displaying Dana in her bed from the angle of one of her CCTV cameras. Then Nails, in living form, walks over to her bedside and clips her fingernails.
Production.
Director and co-writer Dennis Bartok was inspired by a news story he read. A male patient, after becoming paralyzed in a hit-and-run accident, had cameras installed in his hospital room, which captured evidence of someone tampering with his ventilator. Bartok did a gender swap and made the protagonist a track coach as a tribute to a friend who was murdered shortly after the first draft was written. The production company, Fantastic Films, had worked previously with Noble on "Stitches". Noble, a comedian, was looking to take a dramatic role and wanted to avoid comedy. Shooting took place in Dublin.
Release.
"Nails" premiered at the Audi Dublin International Film Festival on 20 February 2017. It was released in the UK and Ireland on 16 June 2017.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 44% of 16 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 4.7/10. 
Aine O'Connor of the "Sunday Independent" rated it 2/5 stars and wrote that the good acting is not enough to offset the thin story. In his review for RTÉ, Paddy Kehoe rated it 1.5/5 stars and wrote that it "essentially follows the current Hollywood schlock-horror template", focusing on tech gadgets and jump scares instead of story. Kim Newman, writing in "Empire", rated it 3/5 stars and called it predictable but effective, praising Macdonald's acting.

</doc>
<doc id="56838920" url="?curid=56838920" title="Wairua (disambiguation)">
Wairua (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56838923" url="?curid=56838923" title="Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski">
Powszechna Kasa Oszczędności Bank Polski


</doc>
<doc id="56838924" url="?curid=56838924" title="The Evolution (disambiguation)">
The Evolution (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56838935" url="?curid=56838935" title="Sound Of The Blue Heart">
Sound Of The Blue Heart


</doc>
<doc id="56838938" url="?curid=56838938" title="Italian destroyer Carabiniere">
Italian destroyer Carabiniere


</doc>
<doc id="56838947" url="?curid=56838947" title="Indonesian Electoral Commission">
Indonesian Electoral Commission


</doc>
<doc id="56838951" url="?curid=56838951" title="Nails (film)">
Nails (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56838966" url="?curid=56838966" title="Jahn–Teller">
Jahn–Teller


</doc>
<doc id="56838987" url="?curid=56838987" title="New Guernsey">
New Guernsey

New Guernsey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56838993" url="?curid=56838993" title="Winds of Change (1979 film)">
Winds of Change (1979 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56839006" url="?curid=56839006" title="Italian destroyer Euro">
Italian destroyer Euro


</doc>
<doc id="56839014" url="?curid=56839014" title="Pushkin House (London)">
Pushkin House (London)


</doc>
<doc id="56839042" url="?curid=56839042" title="The Parlor">
The Parlor

The Parlor is an American indie pop duo composed of husband and wife Eric Krans and Jen O'Connor. They have been active since 1998, previously under the name We are Jeneric. They have released two albums in their current incarnation, most recently "Wahzu Wahzu" in 2015.
Their music covers a wide range of genres, drawing from folk, dance, electronic, and pop influences. "Pitchfork" described their 2015 single "The Surgeon's Knife" as a "rural rave".
History.
O'Connor and Krans began writing and performing together in 1998, when they met in the elevator of their college dorm. They "didn't really think of [them]selves as a band", and thus never gave themselves a name. Friends began referring to them as "Jeneric", a combination of their first names, which later morphed into "We are Jeneric", after their website's url.
After spending time living abroad, the couple moved into O'Connor's family estate in Altamont, NY, converting it back into a working farm. They set up a recording space in the house's parlor, from which they derived their name. They formally changed their name to The Parlor in 2011 before the release of their album "Our Day in the Sun".
Though their early work was rooted firmly in folk and bedroom pop, they adopted a number of electronic sounds in order to perform live as a duo, leading to an evolution of style. By the time they released their second album as The Parlor, 2015's "Wahzu Wahzu", they had "developed an ever-evolving world of art-pop". The band's third album, "Kiku", will be released in April 2018.
Krans and O'Connor have also been members of Sgt. Dunbar and the Hobo Banned, identified by NPR as a band to watch at South by Southwest 2009.
Discography.
Albums.
"as We are Jeneric"
"as The Parlor"

</doc>
<doc id="56839048" url="?curid=56839048" title="Thalassodromid">
Thalassodromid


</doc>
<doc id="56839050" url="?curid=56839050" title="Chilonia Union High School">
Chilonia Union High School

Chilonia Union High School () is a secondary school located in Chilonia Bazaar, Arjuntala Union, Senbagh Upazila, Noakhali District, Bangladesh. It is one of the oldest and most well-known school of Senbagh Upazila. The school offers education for students ranging from 6 to 10. The School has been successfully celebrated The Golden Jubilee (1968-2018) on March 30, 2018.
History.
In 1968, the school started its journey as a minor school on the north side of Chilonia Bazaar. The School Founder was Late. Dr. TI Nuruzzaman Chowdhury, a greatest person who is an initial step to enlighten education in Arjuntala Union. Initially, The school has educational activities in the small Tin shed. Gradually Increase the number of students, the area expands the spread of school.
Features.
At present, it has 1 oldest &amp; 2 large buildings and 1 very oldest tin shed as well. There is a great field in the school area. There are about twenty teachers and other facilities including an auditorium, a computer room, Shaheed Minar, Modern Library and it provides modern equipments of lesson. The school has enriched Science Laboratories. The authority also organizes the morning assembly, annual sports festival, annual prize giving ceremony, many religious festivals and different cultural events. The current Headmaster and the School Board of Directors take the organization's outstanding contribution to the place of higher education.
Admission.
Usually students are admitted in the sixth grade. Admission can be considered in other classes if a vacancy is available or if someone is transferred from some other school. Students who want to get admitted in this school must have passed in the previous grade and have the opportunity to go through an entrance examination. The admission is usually taken in the first week of January.
Curriculum.
This high school follows the National Education Curriculum of Bangladesh (NCTB). The curriculum includes secondary academic subjects. Classes in computing are compulsory for grades 6-10. Students of secondary grades 9 to grades 10 classes elect to one of three major groups: Science, Commerce and Arts.
Sections.
From the very beginning, the school is continuing the classes with a single shift. Presently all the classes from 6 to 10 are running. However, all the grades from 6th to 8th has two sections: A &amp; B. The 9th and 10th grade students are offered three different sections: Science, Commerce and Arts that can be selected by their own arbitrary.
Uniform.
Boy's: The uniform is a white shirt with black full pant and white shoes and black belt.
Girl's: The uniform is a blue frock, white pajama and white orna.
Both of Boy's &amp; Girl's has a school monogram contained on the pocket of the school uniform.
The Golden Jubilee (1968-2018).
Celebration of the Golden Jubilee Festival of the day is organized 30 March, 2018. Over 1800 ex-students and current students alonged proced registered. On the occasion been celebrated 50 year anniversary of the Chilonia Union High School. An Theme Song has been made for the occasion of Golden Jubilee of the school. Renowned a Bangladeshi singer Milon Mahmood have been made Tune, Voices and Composition.

</doc>
<doc id="56839053" url="?curid=56839053" title="Italian destroyer Espero">
Italian destroyer Espero


</doc>
<doc id="56839057" url="?curid=56839057" title="Monika Grütters">
Monika Grütters

Monika Grütters (born 9 January 1962) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as Federal Government Commissioner for Culture and the Media in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel since 2013. She has been a member of the German Bundestag since 2005 and was chairwoman of the Committee on Culture and Media Affairs from 2009 to 2013. Since December 2016, Grütters has also been the chairwoman of the CDU Berlin and an elected member of the CDU Federal Executive Board.
Education and professional life.
After graduating from high school in 1981, Monika Grütters studied German language and literature, art history and political science at the University of Münster and at the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn from 1982 onward, where she graduated in 1989 as Magister Artium. After having worked in the press and public relations department of the Bonn Opera during her studies from 1987 to 1988, she worked in the same area from 1990 to 1991 at the then Museum for Transportation and Technology in Berlin and from 1991 to 1992 for the publishing house Bouvier. Between 1992 and 1995 Grütters was spokesperson of the Senate Administration for Science and Research (State of Berlin).
From 1991 to 1999, Grütters was a lecturer in cultural management at the Hanns Eisler College of Music in Berlin. Since 1999, Grütters has been holding an honorary professorship at Freie Universität Berlin for the Master's program "Arts and Media Administration".
Grütters also worked as a PR officer for the Bankgesellschaft Berlin from 1996. From 1998 to 2013, she was Spokeswoman of the Board of the "Brandenburger Tor" Foundation. She is a member of the Central Committee of German Catholics and spokeswoman of the committee's "Culture, Education and Media" section since 2013.
Political career.
Grütters joined the Young Union in 1978 and the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) in 1983. Since 1998 she has been a member of the state executive of the CDU Berlin.
Grütters was a member of the Berlin House of Representatives from 1995 to 2005. In this role, she was the spokesperson for science and cultural policy and from 2001 to 2005 also deputy chairwoman of the CDU Parliamentary Group.
Member of Parliament, 2005–present.
Grütters has been member of the German Bundestag since the 2005 elections, representing the electoral district of Marzahn-Hellersdorf. She always entered the Bundestag via the regional list of candidates for Berlin and chaired the Committee on Culture and Media Affairs from 2009 to 2013. In addition to her committee assignments, Grütters has been a member of the German-Israeli Parliamentary Friendship Group since 2005. In the 2013 federal election, she was again as the CDU's top candidate for Berlin.
Following Frank Henkel's resignation from the position of chairperson to the CDU Berlin on 13 October 2016, Grütters was unanimously nominated by the executive committee and state executive of the CDU Berlin as a candidate for his successor on the following day. At a small party convention of the CDU Berlin on 2 December 2016, Grütters was elected as the new chairwoman with 78.4 percent of the votes.
Additionally, Grütters was elected at the CDU's federal congress in Essen with 70.37 percent as successor to Emine Demirbüken-Wegner in the Executive Board of the CDU and thus in the party's leadership circle around chairwoman Angela Merkel.
Federal Government Commissioner for Culture and the Media, 2013–present.
On 17 December 2013, Grütters succeeded Bernd Neumann (CDU) as the Federal Government Commissioner for Culture and the Media. She thus holds the title of a Minister of State to the Federal Chancellor and is head of a so-called Supreme Federal Authority ("oberste Bundesbehörde") with headquarters in both Berlin and Bonn. Albeit often stated in the press, Monika Grütters does not cover the function of a German "culture minister": according to the German Basic Law, cultural and educational matters are still subject to the sovereignty of the Länder. In the context of cooperative cultural federalism, however, the Federal Government Commissioner is responsible for cultural and media matters of national importance.
During her term of office in the third Merkel cabinet, the overall budget for federal cultural affairs increased by more than 30% up to 1.67 billion within the federal budget between 2013 and 2018. However, issues surrounding the 2012 Munich artworks discovery overshadowed Grütters’s first two years in office. As an institutional response to the discovery of major artworks of unclear provenance and ownership in the private Gurlitt collection, Grütters launched the German Lost Art Foundation ("Deutsches Zentrum Kulturgutverluste") in 2015. Also in 2015, Grütters presented an amendment to the German law on the protection of cultural property ("Kulturgutschutzgesetz") which has been subject to controversial debates. In addition, Grütters has significant responsibility for the successful state funding of the Barenboim–Said Akademie in Berlin and a national photographic archive in Düsseldorf to preserve, archive and publicise the country's photographic cultural heritage.
In the negotiations to form another coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Grütters led the working group on cultural affairs and media, alongside Dorothee Bär and Michael Roth. In February 2018, Merkel announced that she would take over Grütters for a second term in her fourth cabinet.
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Germany, Grütters led efforts in 2020 to provide government financial help to cultural institutions and artists whose livelihoods were threatened.
Political positions.
In June 2017, Grütters voted against her parliamentary group’s majority and in favor of Germany’s introduction of same-sex marriage.
Ahead of the Christian Democrats’ leadership election in 2018, Grütters publicly endorsed Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer to succeed Angela Merkel as the party’s chair.
In April 2020, Grütters co-signed – alongside around 50 other members of her parliamentary group – a letter to President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen which called on the European Union to take in children who were living in migrant camps across Greece.
Sources and external links.
Official

</doc>
<doc id="56839073" url="?curid=56839073" title="Jhansi (TV anchor)">
Jhansi (TV anchor)

Jhansi is an Indian television presenter and film actress. She has also appeared in several Tollywood films and a few TV shows. She made her debut in Tollywood in the year 1994.
She won five Nandi Awards.
Television career.
As host
As actress

</doc>
<doc id="56839078" url="?curid=56839078" title="Roskilde Parish">
Roskilde Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56839084" url="?curid=56839084" title="Bussing (disambiguation)">
Bussing (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56839091" url="?curid=56839091" title="Transworld Publishers Limited">
Transworld Publishers Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56839098" url="?curid=56839098" title="Italian destroyer Zeffiro">
Italian destroyer Zeffiro


</doc>
<doc id="56839104" url="?curid=56839104" title="House of Soviets (Rostov-on-Don)">
House of Soviets (Rostov-on-Don)

The House of Soviets (, "Dom Sovetov") is an administrative building in the centre of Rostov-on-Don built in Stalinist style in the late 1930s. By the beginning of the Great Patriotic War the House of Soviets had not yet been fully completed. Repair and restoration work were carried out only in the 1950s, and the facades of the building were completed only in 1968. The total volume of the Rostov House of Soviets is 370,000 cubic meters, which makes it one of the largest buildings in the North Caucasus and the largest administrative structure in Southern Russia.
History and description.
The House of Soviets is situated at the historic center of Rostov-on-Don, at Soviets Square. It was initially planned that the building would have 1000 rooms, a conference hall, canteens, a post office, a hairdresser, buffets, a printing house and other services. Its crown was to be a cylindrical building with a conference hall. However, this was still under construction at the time of the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941, and what had been built was damaged during the German occupation of the city in 1942. During the post-war reconstruction, the eight-storey building partially lost its originally planned appearance. The facades lost the tape glazing - it was simply bricked up, the wall field was embossed, a heavy portal was installed above the main entrance to the building on huge rectangular pilasters. The designers of the new facade were architects Vladimir Grigor and .
The design of the Rostov House of Soviets was drawn up between 1929 and 1934 by architect Ilya Golosov. The site chosen for the administrative building had previously been occupied by the , until its demolition in 1930. The foundation of the House of Soviets was laid in 1935. Construction works were carried out at slow rate, though the basic work had been completed by 1941. The finishing work had not been completed before the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, although parts of the building were already in use. In the post-war period, taking advantage of the city's lack of funds, the Ministry of Defence proposed that the House of Soviets be rebuilt and completed by German prisoners of war, under the condition of alienating 80% of the usable area. The city was forced to agree, and the building is now partly occupied by the so-called Watch factory. Only the final two wings of the House of Soviets, facing Bolshaya Sadovaya Street, and the central portion are occupied by the administration of Rostov Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="56839122" url="?curid=56839122" title="Angela Asher">
Angela Asher

Angela Asher is a Canadian film and television actress. She is most noted for her role as Tara Mercer in "18 to Life", for which she received a nomination for Best Actress in a Comedy Series at the 26th Gemini Awards in 2011.
She has also had recurring or regular roles in the television series "Married Life", "This Is Wonderland", "", "Inhuman Condition", "Bad Blood", "Hard Rock Medical" and "Workin' Moms", and appeared in the films "Interstate 60", "King of Sorrow", "A Dark Truth" and "Ghostland".

</doc>
<doc id="56839124" url="?curid=56839124" title="House of Soviets (Rostov on Don)">
House of Soviets (Rostov on Don)


</doc>
<doc id="56839131" url="?curid=56839131" title="New Alderney">
New Alderney


</doc>
<doc id="56839134" url="?curid=56839134" title="Worldwide Web Consortium">
Worldwide Web Consortium


</doc>
<doc id="56839137" url="?curid=56839137" title="Panipat (film)">
Panipat (film)

Panipat is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language epic war drama film directed by Ashutosh Gowarikar. Starring Sanjay Dutt, Arjun Kapoor, and Kriti Sanon, it depicts the events that took place during the Third Battle of Panipat. The film was theatrically released in India on 6 December 2019. The film was a box office failure.
Plot.
By 1758, the Maratha Empire had reached its peak under the leadership of Peshwa Balaji Baji Rao aka Nana Saheb. Maratha commanders Raghunath Rao, the Peshwa's brother, Shamsher Bahadur, the Peshwa's half-brother, and Sadashiv Rao Bhau, the Peshwa's cousin, defeat the Nizam of Hyderabad and capture their commander of artillery Ibrahim Khan Gardi, with Sadashiv inducting him into the Maratha Army as their commander of artillery. They return home to the Empire's capital at Pune and are welcomed. Due to pressure by his wife Gopika Bai, the Peshwa appoints Sadashiv as the Empire's finance minister in favour of the Peshwa's son Vishwas Rao, which he reluctantly accepts.
Sadashiv lists the defaulters who failed to pay taxes to the Maratha Empire on time, and notes that the Rohilla's Head Najib ad-Dawlah has the largest amount of tax due. Najib, determined to teach the Marathas a lesson, allies himself with Ahmad Shah Abdali, inviting him to Delhi. News of this formidable alliance reaches Pune, along with the news of Dattaji Shinde's death in battle against Najib. The Peshwa appoints Raghunath Rao as the commander of the Maratha forces which will be dispatched to fight Abdali and defend Delhi. However, Raghunath asks for a large amount of money, which Sadashiv denies, citing the treasury's condition after consecutive battles. Raghunath, therefore, refuses to march north, which leads the Peshwa to appoint Sadashiv as the commander-in-chief of the Maratha army, under the overlordship of Vishwas Rao, the Peshwa's son and heir. The army, along with a large number of non-combatants (women, children and pilgrims), begin their long and arduous journey north.
They arrive at Dholpur, where they're welcomed by their fellow Maratha generals— Govind Pant Bundela, Balwant Rao Mehendale, Jankoji Shinde, and the veteran Malhar Rao Holkar. They start making alliances with other kingdoms, including Maharaja Suraj Mal and Nawab Shuja-ud-Daulah, and are successful, with their army size growing to 50000 men. Abdali is also making alliances, taking advantage of the Rajput kings' hatred for the Marathas. Sadashiv and the commanders receive intelligence that Abdali has camped on the other side of the Yamuna and spot Shuja's flags along with Abdali's, revealing that the Nawab had switched allegiance. Due to the heavy rains, the Marathas are unable to build a bridge to cross the Yamuna. Sadashiv decides to march north and capture Delhi and then cross the Yamuna to defeat Abdali.
Najib receives intelligence that the Marathas have retreated, from which Abdali deduces that they are marching north to Delhi. He suggests that they also march north and cross the Yamuna. Meanwhile, the Marathas defeat Najib's general and capture Delhi. After finding out the Afghans are chasing the Marathas, Sadashiv decides to strategically capture Kunjpura Fort and eventually carry out a massacre there of helpless Afghans departed from their main column, which angers Abdali to such an extent that he immediately reacts by crossing the swollen Yamuna in heavy rainfall. This leaves the Maharaja of Patiala, Ala Singh, unable to send his soldiers. Food begins to dwindle, and the Maratha soldiers and civilians are forced to go without food. Although the arrival of King Araadhak Singh provides some relief to the Maratha camp, but soon after camping at Panipat, Abdali catches up with the Marathas and comes face to face. However, after hearing of a possible coup d'état at his capital in Kandahar, Abdali arranges for a truce with Sadashiv but scraps it after the latter doesn't agree with to terms Abdali presents him. After both sides decide on strategies and formations, they prepare for the final confrontation.
Parvati Bai and the civilians and pilgrims stay at a small camp towards the back, and Vishwas promises Sadashiv that he'll never get off his elephant during the battle for his own protection. Artillery firing begins by both sides, with substantial damage done to Abdali's army due to Ibrahim Khan's leadership. The riflemen also start attacking. The infantry then begins the main attack, with the Marathas doing well. Overcome with fear, many soldiers of Abdali's army retreat, but Abdali threatens them with severe punishment and forces them to return to the battle. Meanwhile, on seeing Shamsher wounded, Vishwas descends from his elephant to protect him. Sadashiv fends off the Afghans who attacked the young prince, but a bullet hits Vishwas on his head, killing him. This is a huge blow to the morale of the Marathas, who begin to lose ground from then. One by one, the Maratha chieftains are either wounded or killed. Araadhak Singh unexpectedly retreats from the battle. It is then revealed that he was angry with the Marathas for the high taxes imposed upon them, so he secretly allied himself with Abdali and passed the information onto him. Seeing the tide of the battle turn, Malhar Rao retreats from the battlefield and escorts the non-combatants to safety, as promised to Sadashiv on the eve of the battle. Abdali's soldiers close in on Sadashiv but he bravely fights back, sustaining serious injuries. He eventually succumbs to his wounds and dies, but not before making Abdali aware of his pyrrhic victory.
Back in Pune, Parvati Bai dies from grief. Abdali sends the Peshwa a letter, praising Sadashiv's bravery and courage. The epilogue reveals that even though victorious, Abdali never returned to India. Under the leadership of Peshwa Madhav Rao, the generals Mahadaji Shinde and Tukoji Rao Holkar saved the Maratha empire from extinction, and re-captured Delhi ten years later, making the Marathas a dominant force once again.
Production.
Development.
Director Nitin Chandrakant Desai recreated Shaniwar Wada at ND Studios, Karjat. Neeta Lulla designed the costumes. Padmini Kolhapure joined the cast in October 2018 as Gopika Bai. In June 2019, Zeenat Aman joined the cast to portray Sakina Begum.
Filming.
On 30 November 2018, Gowariker and the cast tweeted a promotional poster to announce the beginning of principal photography. On 30 June 2019, Sanon wrapped up the shoot by posting pictures and notes for Gowariker and Kapoor.
Soundtrack.
Ajay Atul were the composers of the music for the film. The songs were written by Javed Akhtar.
Release and reception.
The film was released on 6 December 2019 in theatres and on 14 February 2020 on Netflix.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film scored 43% by critics. Monika Rawal Kukreja of "Hindustan Times" wrote ""Panipat" is an honest attempt at recreating the war that we only read in history books until now. It’s a tribute to the Maratha community in its truest form and even it was shorter by an hour, it could have had the same impact".
"The Times of India" gave 3.5 out of 5 stars stating ""Panipat" delves into a significant chapter in history and is a war drama that lauds the unshakable bravery, courage and the strong principles of the Maratha's".
"India Today" gave 2.5 out of 5 stars stating "Ashutosh Gowariker may not be able to do grandeur like Sanjay Leela Bhansali, but he can do war. Yet, a lacklustre cinematography and terrible CGI mars this solid attempt. It would have worked 10 years ago".
Namrata Joshi of "The Hindu" wrote "Gowariker may have taken liberties with history, but doesn’t play around with the form. He sticks to the tried and tested, the long and langourous and old-fashioned". "Bollywood Hungama" gave 3 out of 5 stars stating ""Panipat" throws light on an important chapter of Indian history with the battle scenes as its USP". Zee News gave 3 out of 5 stars stating "The film is a great effort by Gowariker and deserves to be watched for some impeccable performances and adrenaline-pumping action".
CNN-News18 gave 2.5 out of 5 stars stating ""Panipat", a film about Maratha warrior Sadashiv Rao Bhau who staves off Afghan ruler Ahmad Shah Abdali, disappoints only because of a linear screenplay that fails to rouse dramatic emotions so important to historicals". NDTV gave 2 out of 5 stars stating "The burden on Arjun Kapoor is too heavy for him though he rises manfully to the challenge. "Panipat" definitely isn't "Mohenjo Daro". But is that saying much? It will take three hours of your life and a whole lot of patience to sit through this laboured film". "Deccan Chronicle" gave 2.5 out of 5 stars stating "Directors like Gowariker do no service to the nation or their audience by twisting the truth, ignoring military, diplomatic, common sense follies and rewriting history with jingoistic fervour".
BBC News and Al Jazeera reported that the film received criticism from different parts of the world, especially from Afghanistan since Ahmad Shah Abdali is the national hero and the founder of modern day Afghanistan. Afghan viewers pointed that the film's portrayal of Abdali was that of an Arab, rather than an Afghan. Critics linked the rising number of Bollywood films with negative Muslim characters, such as the portrayal of Alauddin Khilji as a cruel and vicious ruler in the film "Padmaavat" (2018), as an attempt by the industry executives to align with India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, a Hindu nationalist party led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Panipat trailer depicted Ahmed Shah Durrani as a ruthless and brutal ruler and Afghans as 'battle-hardened, blood-thirsty savages'. While the film presented Marathas as "sophisticated and righteous". Consul General of Afghanistan in Mumbai, Naseem Sharifi, said that 'Afghans would not tolerate any insult to Ahmad Shah Durrani'. Afghan journalists stated that the film will create more Islamophobia and racism towards Afghans. "The Telegraph India" reported that films like "Padmaavat" (2018), "Kesari" (2019) and "Panipat" have stereotyped and vilified Afghans as brutal, cold-blooded and treacherous. Afghanistan's Ambassador to India, Tahir Qadiri, claimed that he was in contact with Indian officials and have shared the Afghan concerns with them. Ajmal Alamzai, the cultural attache at the Afghan embassy in New Delhi, claimed that he had made several unsuccessful attempts to contact the director of the film. Pajhwok Afghan News reported that the Panipat film trailer depicted the Maratha Empire as victorious in the Third Battle of Panipat despite the fact that it was Ahmad Shah Durrani, who had won the battle. Khaama Press, another Afghan newspaper, reported that some Afghan social media users have welcomed the film as reality while others criticised it and claimed that parts of history have been forged in favour of specific groups.
The portrayal of Ahmad Shah Durrani founder of Afghanistan in the film has been criticised by analyst and critics. Ahmed Shah Durrani who holds great respect in Afghanistan and also known as Baba (Father) for his contribution, the Embassy of Afghanistan has expressed its concerns and had requested a meeting with New Delhi. 
Box office.
"Panipat"s opening day domestic collection was 4.12 crore. On the second day, the film collected ₹5.78 crore. On the third day, the film collected ₹7.78 crore, taking the total opening weekend collection to ₹17.68 crore.
, with a gross of 40.81 crore in India and 8.48 crore overseas, the film has a worldwide gross collection of 49.29 crore.

</doc>
<doc id="56839141" url="?curid=56839141" title="Pluriformea">
Pluriformea

Pluriformea is a proposed sibling clade of the Filozoa, and consists of "Syssomonas multiformis" and the Corallochytrea. Together with the Ichthyosporea they form the Holozoa.
An up to date cladogram is
The alternative hypotheses is the Teretosporea clade.

</doc>
<doc id="56839142" url="?curid=56839142" title="2013 VIA Rail Canada terrorism plot">
2013 VIA Rail Canada terrorism plot


</doc>
<doc id="56839145" url="?curid=56839145" title="Flag Officer Commanding, Royal Indian Navy">
Flag Officer Commanding, Royal Indian Navy


</doc>
<doc id="56839150" url="?curid=56839150" title="Commander-in-Chief, Royal Indian Navy">
Commander-in-Chief, Royal Indian Navy


</doc>
<doc id="56839157" url="?curid=56839157" title="List of divisions of the British Territorial Force 1914–1918">
List of divisions of the British Territorial Force 1914–1918

The Territorial Force was established on 1 April 1908 as a volunteer auxiliary to the British Army. It was formed by the amalgamation of the former auxiliary institutions of the Volunteer Force and the yeomanry. Designed primarily as a home defence force, its members could not be compelled to serve overseas unless they volunteered to do so. On the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, many did. The first units were deployed piecemeal in support of the regular army as it defended against the opening German offensive in Belgium and France in 1914. The first territorial divisions to be deployed were used to free up imperial garrisons overseas, but in 1915 they began to be deployed to the front lines on the Western Front and at Gallipoli. The pre-war territorial divisions were numbered in May 1915 in order of their deployment. As they were deployed, second-line divisions were raised to replace them at home, and in 1916 these began to be deployed to combat zones. By the end of the war in 1918, the Territorial Force had provided 28 divisions and 14 mounted brigades.
Mounted units.
The original mounted brigades were:
A number of yeomanry divisions were also formed:
Other divisions.
Also considered divisions of the Territorial Force were:

</doc>
<doc id="56839164" url="?curid=56839164" title="Lisice, Lučani">
Lisice, Lučani

Lisice is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 308 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="56839165" url="?curid=56839165" title="Hester Stanhope, Viscountess Mahon">
Hester Stanhope, Viscountess Mahon

Hester Stanhope, Viscountess Mahon (19 October 1755 – 20 July 1780), formerly Lady Hester Pitt, was the wife of Charles Stanhope, Viscount Mahon, later the 3rd Earl Stanhope.
She was the eldest daughter of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham, by his wife, the former Hester Grenville (1720–1803), herself the daughter of the 1st Countess Temple. She was thus the sister of William Pitt the Younger, who, like their father, served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. She may have been born at the Pay Office, which was at the time her parents' residence.
Hester married Viscount Mahon on 19 December 1774. They had three children:
Their London house was in Harley Street. Following the birth of her third daughter, Lady Hester suffered from puerperal fever, and was taken to Chevening for her health. She died there, aged 24, and was buried at St Botolph's Church, Chevening.
Stanhope remarried in 1781 to Louisa Grenville, his first wife's first cousin. He inherited his father's title in 1786, his older brother having predeceased him.

</doc>
<doc id="56839167" url="?curid=56839167" title="Lisice (Lučani)">
Lisice (Lučani)


</doc>
<doc id="56839175" url="?curid=56839175" title="Boarding School Juliet">
Boarding School Juliet

, also known as Juliet of Boarding School, is a Japanese "shōnen" manga series written and illustrated by Yōsuke Kaneda. It began serialization in Kodansha's "Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine" in 2015, moved to "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" in 2017 and ended in 2019. Sixteen "tankōbon" volumes of the manga have been released. The manga is published digitally in English by Kodansha USA under the Kodansha Comics imprint from April 10, 2018. A light novel adaptation, written by Tadahito Mochizuki and illustrated by Kaneda, was published by Kodansha in a single volume on February 9, 2017. An anime television series adaptation by Liden Films aired from October 6 to December 22, 2018, in the Animeism programming block. The story of the series is based on the Shakespeare play "Romeo and Juliet".
Plot.
"Boarding School Juliet" takes place at Dahlia Academy Boarding School, where students come from two rivalling countries known as the "Nation of Touwa" and "Principality of West". This academy segregates its student body into two dormitories which reflects their nationality: the "Black Dogs" housing those from Touwa, and the "White Cats" housing those from the West. The story follows Romio Inuzuka, the 1st Year Leader of the "Black Dog Dormitory". Romio has had an unrequited love for Juliet Persia, the 1st Year Leader of the "White Cat Dormitory", since childhood. Initially hesitant, Romio decides to confess his love and resolves to change the world if it meant staying by Juliet's side. Juliet, impressed by Romio's determination, accepts his love. However, now both Romio and Juliet must work hard to keep their relationship a secret from other dorm mates while trying to avoid trouble.
Media.
Manga.
"Boarding School Juliet" is written and illustrated by Yōsuke Kaneda. The manga series began serialization in Kodansha's eighth issue of "Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine" in 2015 (with the one-shot having debuted the series in the first 2015 issue), before moving to "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" in 2017. As of November 15, 2019, sixteen volumes have been compiled in "tankōbon" format. In August 2019 it was announced that the manga would end on September 4. The series has been licensed in English for digital publication by Kodansha USA, who released the first volume under their Kodansha Comics imprint on April 10, 2018.
An anthology of chapters by various artists titled was released on October 17, 2018.
Anime.
An anime television series adaptation was announced in March 2018. The anime series is directed by Seiki Takuno and animated by Liden Films, with Takao Yoshioka written the scripts, Yūki Morimoto designed the characters and Masaru Yokoyama composed the music. The series aired from October 6 to December 22, 2018, during the Animeism programming block on MBS, TBS, BS-TBS. The series was streamed on Amazon Prime Video in Japan and markets other than China. The series' opening theme titled "Love With You" is performed by fripSide, and the ending theme titled is performed by Riho Iida. The series ran for 12 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="56839182" url="?curid=56839182" title="Euphlyctis karaavali">
Euphlyctis karaavali

Euphlyctis karaavali (Karaavali skittering frog) is a species of frog in the family Dicroglossidae. It is endemic to the southwestern coast of India in Karnataka.
Description.
It is a large adult size frog with snout to vent length in males ranging between 55–69 mm and females being larger and up to 106 mm. The snout is obtusely pointed when observed from both dorsal and ventral planes and protrudes beyond the lower jaw. Tongue is spatulate and bifid without lingual papilla. Tympanum is distinct and a supra-tympanic fold from back of eye to forelimb is prominent. Head is wider than long. Skin on dorsum possess granulation. Nuptial pad on finger present in adult males. Two vocal sacs present and deep purple in coloration. Webbing between toes complete. Ventral side with brown reticulation, which gets dense towards the abdomen.
Sexual dimorphism.
Males have nuptial pads. They also possess a pair of vocal sacs on the lower jaw. Adult females are larger than males. 
Systematics.
The phylogenetic position of "Euphlyctis karaavali", ascertained using a combination of 12s and 16s rRNA sequences, reveals a sister relationship with "Euphlyctis aloysii" and "Euphlyctis hexadactylus"
Distribution.
This species was described from fallow agriculture fields in the coastal village Sanikatta within Kumta Taluk, Uttara Kannada District, Karnataka. Subsequently, the species was observed from six localities in Karnataka "viz.," Kodanga, Baire, Chendia, Kadwada, Tariwada, and Konaje. Recently, this species was reported from Tiruvananthapuram in Kerala which is 810 km away from the type locality, Sanikatta
Ecology and natural history notes.
It is a common frog species in the region where it is found and can found calling from rainwater inundated fallow agriculture fields,
small manmade tanks, pools and puddles around human habitations. Advertisement vocalizations resemble calls of the white-throated kingfisher.
Etymology.
The specific name "karaavali" is derived from the Kannada name for the coastal region where it is found.

</doc>
<doc id="56839185" url="?curid=56839185" title="Kishuku Gakkō no Juliet">
Kishuku Gakkō no Juliet


</doc>
<doc id="56839197" url="?curid=56839197" title="Arts Guild Theatre (Greenock)">
Arts Guild Theatre (Greenock)


</doc>
<doc id="56839202" url="?curid=56839202" title="Kjeld Østrøm">
Kjeld Østrøm

Kjeld Østrøm (born 8 January 1933) is a Danish rower. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne with the men's coxless pair where they were eliminated in the semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="56839205" url="?curid=56839205" title="Simone Icardi">
Simone Icardi

Simone Icardi (born 13 September 1996) is an Italian football player. He plays for Cittadella.
Club career.
He made his Serie C debut for Lupa Castelli Romani on 6 September 2015 in a game against Ischia.
On 17 January 2020, he joined Siena on loan.
On 19 September 2020, he signed a 2-year contract with Casertana.
On 10 August 2021, he joined to Serie B side Cittadella.

</doc>
<doc id="56839207" url="?curid=56839207" title="XHOCH-FM">
XHOCH-FM


</doc>
<doc id="56839208" url="?curid=56839208" title="XHTECP-FM">
XHTECP-FM


</doc>
<doc id="56839212" url="?curid=56839212" title="List of photographers of the African-American civil rights movement">
List of photographers of the African-American civil rights movement


</doc>
<doc id="56839214" url="?curid=56839214" title="Michele D. Hotten">
Michele D. Hotten

Michele Denise Hotten (born April 20, 1954) is a Judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals appointed by Larry Hogan.
Biography.
The first in her immediate family to attend college, Hotten received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of South Florida in 1975 and her Juris Doctor from the Howard University School of Law.
Hotten served as a Circuit Court judge in Prince George's for 16 years and spent one year as a District Court judge. She worked as an assistant state's attorney in Prince George's and served as deputy people's zoning counsel and as a hearing examiner for the county Board of Education. She also has worked in private practice.
She was previously a judge on the Maryland Court of Special Appeals. She was appointed to that court by Governor Martin O'Malley on July 23, 2010, to fill the vacancy left by James Salmon.
Maryland Court of Appeals service.
On December 1, 2015 Governor Larry Hogan appointed Hotten to fill the vacancy left by the retirement of Judge Glenn T. Harrell Jr. She was sworn into office on December 22, 2015.
At the time of her appointment, she was the fifth woman on the seven-judge panel, which has the highest number of women the court has ever had. She also was the second African American woman appointed to the court, after Judge Shirley M. Watts, who was appointed prior to her.
Personal life.
Hotten grew up poor in Southeast Washington, raised by a single mother who often worked three jobs to make ends meet.

</doc>
<doc id="56839215" url="?curid=56839215" title="Sirens (netball)">
Sirens (netball)


</doc>
<doc id="56839234" url="?curid=56839234" title="Min-on Concert Association">
Min-on Concert Association


</doc>
<doc id="56839238" url="?curid=56839238" title="EXPRESS (ISS)">
EXPRESS (ISS)


</doc>
<doc id="56839239" url="?curid=56839239" title="Civil Rights Movement photographs">
Civil Rights Movement photographs


</doc>
<doc id="56839244" url="?curid=56839244" title="Dormaa Central (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Dormaa Central (Ghana parliament constituency)

Dormaa Central is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Dormaa Central is located in the Dormaa Municipal District of the Bono Region of Ghana.
Boundaries.
The seat is located within the Dormaa Municipal District of the Bono Region of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="56839246" url="?curid=56839246" title="Bricklayers' Arms tube station">
Bricklayers' Arms tube station


</doc>
<doc id="56839252" url="?curid=56839252" title="Michele Currarino">
Michele Currarino

Michele Currarino (born 6 August 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Fiorenzuola.
Club career.
He made his Serie B debut for Virtus Entella on 9 December 2017 in a game against Ascoli.
On 6 January 2021, he signed a 1.5-year contract with Monopoli.
On 26 August 2021, he joined to Fiorenzuola.

</doc>
<doc id="56839257" url="?curid=56839257" title="Madrigal (Fauré)">
Madrigal (Fauré)

"Madrigal", Op. 35 is a four-part song by Gabriel Fauré to words by Armand Silvestre, composed in 1883. It is written to be sung by vocal quartet or choir, with piano or – a later addition – an orchestral accompaniment. The song was reused in 1919 in the composer's "Masques et bergamasques".
Composition.
Fauré had a liking for Silvestre's poems, and set several of them. This one, titled "Pour un chœur alterné" by the author, is from Silvestre's 1878 collection, "La chanson des heures". With its theme of young men and women accusing each other of selfishness and cruelty in affairs of the heart, Fauré set it as a mischievous wedding present for his friend and ex-pupil André Messager, who was the dedicatee. The pianist and scholar Graham Johnson comments that the song has "the wittiness and suggestiveness of a speech by the best man at a wedding." The opening line of the music quotes a theme by J. S. Bach which may have had some private significance for the two friends.
The song was first performed at a concert of the Société Nationale de Musique on 12 January 1884 by the société's choir. It was published by Hamelle in the same year. The premiere of the orchestral version was given by solo quartet and the société's orchestra on 30 April 1892. Fauré later incorporated the song in its orchestral form into his incidental music to "Masques et bergamasques" (1919).

</doc>
<doc id="56839263" url="?curid=56839263" title="Alexander Von Zelewsky">
Alexander Von Zelewsky


</doc>
<doc id="56839275" url="?curid=56839275" title="Gerda Johanne Bengtsson">
Gerda Johanne Bengtsson


</doc>
<doc id="56839276" url="?curid=56839276" title="Jones of Faerdref Uchaf">
Jones of Faerdref Uchaf

The Jones of Faerdref Uchaf family is a Welsh gentry family from the parish of Llandrillo-yn-Edeirnion, Merionethshire. They are a cadet branch of the Hughes of Gwerclas family, descending from the younger brother of the 7th Baron of Kymmer-yn-Edeirnion, Gruffydd ap Rhys ab Ieuan (d. 1489), 'Baron of Crogen and Branas', who was famed for his pilgrimage to Santiago di Compostella. He was a Lancastrian and later supported his kinsman Henry Tudor. He was a patron of the bards, most notably Lewys Glyn Cothi.
The eponymous ancestor of the family was John ap Rhydderch ap John ap Hywel ap Gruffydd ap Rhys, of Faerdref Uchaf, who appears in the visitations of Wales in 1594. His son, Maurice Jones of Faerdref Uchaf, Esq. (1597- ca. 1655), was the first to adopt the surname 'Jones'. Faerdref Uchaf house no longer exists but would have been a very similar house to the surviving Branas Uchaf and Plas Uchaf. Ty Uchaf was built on its site in the 1680s.
The family, like their kinsmen, were Royalists during the English Civil War, and two of Maurice's sons, Capt. John Jones and Lt. Nathanael Jones, fought at the Battle of Marston Moor, leading a company of men from Llandrillo. Later, Nathanael achieved minor fame as a native Welsh poet and translator of theological textbooks, such as works by Jeremy Taylor from English into Welsh, so that they could be more widely read. He also served as a Justice of the Peace and coroner for Merionethshire, and became High Sheriff of Merionethshire in 1673. His son, Maurice, also served as High Sheriff in 1684.
By the mid-19th century, following the Industrial revolution, the family had largely lost their ancestral lands and had dispersed into the neighbouring counties of Shropshire and Cheshire. An elaborate 18th century memorial tablet to the family remains in the parish church of Llandrillo.
As descendants of Owain Brogyntyn, they bear the 'Black Lion' of Powys on their escutcheon and keep the motto 'Kymmer-yn-Edeirnion', in memory of their ancestral seat. The family frequently intermarried with their kinsmen the Nanney of Nannau family, whom they now represent in the female line. Their arms hang in the hall of Jesus College, Oxford where several members of the family were educated.

</doc>
<doc id="56839277" url="?curid=56839277" title="1892 United States presidential election in Delaware">
1892 United States presidential election in Delaware

The 1892 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. State voters chose three electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Delaware was won by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="56839290" url="?curid=56839290" title="Beacon Arts Centre">
Beacon Arts Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56839291" url="?curid=56839291" title="Intention to be legally bound">
Intention to be legally bound


</doc>
<doc id="56839293" url="?curid=56839293" title="Bojy">
Bojy


</doc>
<doc id="56839295" url="?curid=56839295" title="Goulburn Roundhouse">
Goulburn Roundhouse


</doc>
<doc id="56839301" url="?curid=56839301" title="Broadmeadow roundhouse">
Broadmeadow roundhouse


</doc>
<doc id="56839303" url="?curid=56839303" title="Polar (Research Refrigerator for ISS)">
Polar (Research Refrigerator for ISS)


</doc>
<doc id="56839306" url="?curid=56839306" title="2015 TH367">
2015 TH367

 is a trans-Neptunian object approximately in diameter. it is approximately from the Sun. At the time of its announcement in March 2018, it was the third most distant observed natural object in the Solar System, after Eris and .
At a visual apparent magnitude of 26.2, it is one of the faintest trans-Neptunian objects observed and only the largest telescopes in the world can observe it. Being so far from the Sun, moves very slowly among the background stars and has only been observed eight times over 355 days. It requires an observation arc of several years to refine the uncertainties in the approximately 700-year orbital period and determine whether it is currently near or at aphelion (farthest distance from the Sun). As of 2021 the nominal JPL Horizons solution has it coming to aphelion around the year 2288, whereas Project Pluto (which only fit 5 of the 8 observations) shows it reached aphelion around 2015.
Discovery.
 was first observed by Scott Sheppard, Chad Trujillo, and David Tholen on 13 October 2015 using the Subaru Telescope, a large reflecting telescope at the Mauna Kea Observatories on the summit of Mauna Kea with a primary mirror in diameter. In 2015 it was only observed for 26 days, which is a very short observation arc for a trans-Neptunian object as objects far from the Sun move very slowly across the sky. It is calculated that it will remain in the constellation of Aries from 1994 until 2077. It was announced on 13 March 2018 alongside several other trans-Neptunian objects with a current heliocentric distance greater than 50 AU. The trans-Neptunian objects , , and "V774104" were also discovered by this team on 13 October 2015.
Orbit.
The orbit of is poorly constrained, as it has only been observed 8 times over less than 1 year due to how dim it is. At a visual apparent magnitude of 26.2, it is about 75 million times fainter than what can be seen with the naked eye, and it is one of the dimmest trans-Neptunian objects ever observed, only being able to be seen by the largest modern telescopes. The JPL Small-Body Database estimates that it came to perihelion (closest approach to the Sun) around the year . JPL estimates aphelion (farthest distance from the Sun) to be in 2288 at 142 AU whereas Project Pluto (which only fit 5 of the 8 observations) estimates aphelion was in 2015 at 86 AU. As the JPL solution fits all 8 observations, it is a better orbit determination. When dealing with statistics of small numbers, automation can reject some data unnecessarily.
Distance from the Sun.
The precise distance of still remains unknown due to its poorly understood orbit and the fact it has not been observed since 2016. It is currently outbound roughly from the Sun, and will require further observations to better refine the orbit. At magnitude 26, it is only observable with a small number of telescopes that are capable of following it up and refining its orbit. It is expected to come to opposition in the constellation of Aries around 3 November 2021 when it should have a solar elongation of roughly 175°.
, there are only five known minor planets further from the Sun than under its nominal orbit: Eris (95.9 AU), (97.2 AU), (99.0 AU), (123.5 AU), and (~132 AU).
Observed Solar System objects that periodically become more distant than 89 AU from the Sun include (which is much larger in size), , , , and . There are 804 known objects that have aphelia more than 89 AU from the Sun as of March 2018. This distance is about double the outer limit of the torus-shaped Kuiper belt that lies outside Neptune's orbit. Far beyond this region is the vast spherical Oort cloud enshrouding the Solar System, whose presence was deduced from the orbits of long-period comets.
Another distant object publicly known as "V774104" was purportedly discovered at around 103 AU on 13 October 2015 by the same team, but public press releases may have confused its distance with (V302126). is believed to be V774104.
Study of the population of Solar System objects that are significantly more distant than will likely require new instruments. The proposed "Whipple" spacecraft mission is designed to determine the outer limit of the Kuiper belt and directly detect Oort cloud objects out to 10,000 AU. Such objects are too small to detect with current telescopes except during stellar occultations. The proposal involves use of a wide field of view and rapid recording cadence to allow detection of many such events.

</doc>
<doc id="56839308" url="?curid=56839308" title="Boringy">
Boringy


</doc>
<doc id="56839309" url="?curid=56839309" title="Bozy">
Bozy


</doc>
<doc id="56839310" url="?curid=56839310" title="Valley Heights roundhouse">
Valley Heights roundhouse


</doc>
<doc id="56839311" url="?curid=56839311" title="Bozybe">
Bozybe


</doc>
<doc id="56839316" url="?curid=56839316" title="Ringy">
Ringy


</doc>
<doc id="56839319" url="?curid=56839319" title="Goulburn roundhouse">
Goulburn roundhouse


</doc>
<doc id="56839320" url="?curid=56839320" title="List of Dhangadhi Premier League records and statistics">
List of Dhangadhi Premier League records and statistics

This is an overall list of statistics and records of the Dhangadhi Premier League, a Twenty20 cricket competition based in Nepal.
Listing Notation.
Team Notation
either due to a successful run chase or if no overs remained (or are able) to be bowled.
either by losing all ten wickets or by having one or more batsmen unable to bat and losing the remaining wickets.
Batting Notation
Bowling Notation
Currently playing
Comparison
Team records.
Team scoring records.
Highest Successful run chases.
Source: Last Updated: 12-April-2018
Lowest Scores Defended.
Source: Last Updated:10-Apr-2018
Largest Victories by Runs.
Source: Last Updated: 4-Apr-2018
Largest Victories with most wickets &amp; balls remaining.
Source: Last Updated: 3-April-2018

</doc>
<doc id="56839323" url="?curid=56839323" title="Za (plant)">
Za (plant)


</doc>
<doc id="56839330" url="?curid=56839330" title="1892 United States presidential election in West Virginia">
1892 United States presidential election in West Virginia

The 1892 United States presidential election in West Virginia took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. West Virginia voters chose six electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
West Virginia was won by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="56839341" url="?curid=56839341" title="Jefferson Rams">
Jefferson Rams


</doc>
<doc id="56839347" url="?curid=56839347" title="A. za">
A. za


</doc>
<doc id="56839349" url="?curid=56839349" title="Police bias">
Police bias


</doc>
<doc id="56839350" url="?curid=56839350" title="Zdenko Bego">
Zdenko Bego

Zdenko Bego (12 February 1933 – 20 December 2014) was a Yugoslav rowing cox. He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the semi-finals repêchage.

</doc>
<doc id="56839353" url="?curid=56839353" title="Adansonia alba">
Adansonia alba


</doc>
<doc id="56839355" url="?curid=56839355" title="6th Mirchi Music Awards">
6th Mirchi Music Awards

The 6th Mirchi Music Awards, presented by the Radio Mirchi, honoured the best of Hindi music from the year 2013. The ceremony was held on 27 February 2014 and was hosted by Sonu Nigam. There were many performances, including those by Sunidhi Chauhan, Arijit Singh, Ankit Tiwari and Mika Singh, who gave a tribute to R. D. Burman for his 75th birth anniversary. "Aashiqui 2" won a leading eight awards including Album of the Year and Song of the Year for "Tum Hi Ho".
Winners and nominees.
The winners were selected by the members of jury, chaired by Javed Akhtar. The following are the names of winners.
Films with multiple wins.
 Won two "Listeners' Choice awards"
Jury.
The jury was chaired by Javed Akhtar. Other members were:

</doc>
<doc id="56839356" url="?curid=56839356" title="Adansonia za var. boinensis">
Adansonia za var. boinensis


</doc>
<doc id="56839357" url="?curid=56839357" title="Jaimie Isaac">
Jaimie Isaac

Jaimie Isaac is a Winnipeg-based Anishinaabe artist and curator.
Early life and education.
Isaac is of Anishinaabe and British descent and is member of Sagkeeng First Nation. She holds a master's degree from the University of British Columbia and a BA in art history with an Arts and Cultural Management Certificate from the University of Winnipeg. Her Masters of Arts thesis was titled, "Decolonizing curatorial practice: acknowledging Indigenous cultural praxis, mapping its agency, recognizing its aesthetic within contemporary Canadian art."
Career.
Jamie is a founding member of The Ephemerals Collective, an all-female Indigenous arts collective based out of Winnipeg. She has sat on the boards of numerous Canadian art organizations including the Aboriginal Curatorial Collective and the Aboriginal Manitoba Music association.
In 2010, Isaac was employed as the visual arts coordinator for the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada. In 2016, Isaac was co-faculty with artist Duane Linklater at the Summer Institute of the Wood Land School at Plug In Institute.
From 2015 to 2017, Isaac served as the Winnipeg Art Gallery's Aboriginal Curatorial Resident, a position funded by the Canada Council for the Arts.
In 2017, Isaac was hired as Curator of Indigenous and Contemporary Art at the Winnipeg Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="56839358" url="?curid=56839358" title="Adansonia za var. bozy">
Adansonia za var. bozy


</doc>
<doc id="56839360" url="?curid=56839360" title="Adansonia bozy">
Adansonia bozy


</doc>
<doc id="56839362" url="?curid=56839362" title="Daria Pajak">
Daria Pajak


</doc>
<doc id="56839369" url="?curid=56839369" title="1892 United States presidential election in Illinois">
1892 United States presidential election in Illinois

The 1892 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. State voters chose 24 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Illinois was won by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois. This marked the first time a Democratic candidate won Illinois since 1856 when James Buchanan carried the state.

</doc>
<doc id="56839381" url="?curid=56839381" title="Frontiers in... journal series">
Frontiers in... journal series


</doc>
<doc id="56839390" url="?curid=56839390" title="Hemibarbus brevipennus">
Hemibarbus brevipennus

Hemibarbus brevipennus is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Lingjiang and Oujiang rivers in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839392" url="?curid=56839392" title="Jos Van Thillo">
Jos Van Thillo

Jacques Van Thillo (born 21 December 1942) is a Belgian coxswain. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne with the men's coxed pair where they were eliminated in the semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="56839393" url="?curid=56839393" title="Jacques Van Thillo">
Jacques Van Thillo


</doc>
<doc id="56839396" url="?curid=56839396" title="Soren Simonsen House">
Soren Simonsen House

The Soren Simonsen House, located at 55 W. 200 North in Monroe, Utah, was built in c.1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It is a one-and-a-half-story, brick, vernacular pair-house with two internal chimneys.
It was deemed "significant as an example of Scandinavian vernacular architecture in Utah."

</doc>
<doc id="56839398" url="?curid=56839398" title="Mount Meager (British Columbia)">
Mount Meager (British Columbia)

Mount Meager (also known as The Cathedral) is a mountain in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada. It represents the second highest peak of the Mount Meager massif, a group of coalescent stratovolcanoes in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt.
The mountain was the source of the 2010 Mount Meager landslide. On August 6, the southern peak of Meager collapsed in a series of major rockfalls. The rockfalls transformed into a large debris flow that dammed Meager Creek for about one day. The landslide dam was about high and impounded water in a temporary lake about long. The debris flow also crossed the Lillooet River downstream and wiped out a forestry road on the opposite bank of the Lillooet River. The response of emergency personnel, fearing a sudden failure of the dam on Meager Creek, was to direct residents on the Lillooet River floodplain, in the village of Pemberton downstream and in the Lil'wat community at Mount Currie to evacuate the area.

</doc>
<doc id="56839400" url="?curid=56839400" title="Võru FC Helios">
Võru FC Helios

Võru FC Helios is an Estonian football club based in Võru. The club was founded in 2010. The team currently plays in the II liiga, the fourth highest level of Estonian football.
The team played IV liiga in 2014–2016. In the end of year 2016, Võru JK merged with the team and Helios got their place in II liiga. They ended 2017 with 3rd place and were promoted to Esiliiga B, where Helios played until 2020.
Players.
Current squad.
"As of 23 May 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56839403" url="?curid=56839403" title="Kjeld Oestroem">
Kjeld Oestroem


</doc>
<doc id="56839406" url="?curid=56839406" title="Muncie Girls">
Muncie Girls

Muncie Girls is a British punk rock band formed in Exeter in 2010. It is made up of Lande Hekt (bass, rhythm guitar, vocals), Dean McMullen (lead guitar), and Luke Ellis (drums). They have several releases, including two full-length albums "From Caplan to Belsize" (2016) and "Fixed Ideals" (2018), on hometown label Specialist Subject Records and have toured internationally.
History.
Lande Hekt and Dean McMullen formed Muncie Girls in 2010 while attending Exeter College. They played their first gigs at the Cavern Club, their local rock venue, and became very involved in the underground DIY Punk scene. The band put on their own shows, as well as fundraising events, and Hekt started a music workshop for women under the name 'School of Frock'. Ellis joined in 2012, solidifying the lineup.
After releasing two EPs on hometown label Specialist Subject Records in 2012 and 2013, the label released their debut album "From Caplan To Belsize" on 4 March 2016, recorded at The Ranch in Southampton. The title of the album is a reference to ‘The Bell Jar’ by Sylvia Plath. It references the two asylums the book's protagonist is kept in, and is used to represent the idea of the album being a journey.
The album was received well including 5/5 reviews in Kerrang!, Upset and 9/10 in Rock Sound. The band was also nominated for 'Best British Newcomer' at the Kerrang! Awards 2016.
Following the album, the band toured internationally including support slots with Taking Back Sunday, Frank Iero (of My Chemical Romance), Los Campesinos!, The Wonder Years, and Such Gold. They played Glastonbury Festival and appeared with Billy Bragg on the Left Field Stage as well as Reading and Leeds Festivals, Groezrock and SXSW.
On 13 June 2018 the band announced their second LP "Fixed Ideals" (another Plath reference, this time a line from the poem "To Eva") with a video for lead single "Picture of Health". Hekt described the new collection as some of the most personal songs she'd written, with a diverse range of influences, such as The Replacements, Siouxsie and the Banshees, The Popguns and The Pastels. The album was released on 31 August 2018.
On 15 November 2019 Hekt self-released her first solo record, "Gigantic Disappointment", to positive reviews. A full-length follow up, "Going to Hell", was released 22 January 2021 on Get Better Records

</doc>
<doc id="56839422" url="?curid=56839422" title="The Round House">
The Round House


</doc>
<doc id="56839426" url="?curid=56839426" title="FT32">
FT32

FT32 is a microprocessor designed by FTDI.

</doc>
<doc id="56839428" url="?curid=56839428" title="That's So Weird (TV series)">
That's So Weird (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56839436" url="?curid=56839436" title="Carolyn Taylor">
Carolyn Taylor

Carolyn Taylor is a Canadian actress and comedian, best known as one of the creators and stars of the sketch comedy series "Baroness von Sketch Show".
An alumna of The Second City's Toronto company, she was a writer for "This Hour Has 22 Minutes" before launching "Baroness von Sketch" with her castmates Meredith MacNeill, Aurora Browne and Jennifer Whalen.
At the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017, the troupe were nominated for Best Ensemble Performance in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Series, and won the award for Best Writing in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Series; at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018, the troupe won the awards in both of the same categories.
She has also had acting roles in the television series "Queer as Folk", ' and ' and the films "19 Months" and "Portrait of a Serial Monogamist", and wrote for the television series "That's So Weird!" and "Dan for Mayor".
She is an out lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="56839439" url="?curid=56839439" title="AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab case">
AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab case

AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam case, allegedly against Bhupinder Singh Hooda currently in the Punjab and Haryana High Court, is under investigation by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and Enforcement Directorate (ED). This case pertains to Hooda's alleged role for misusing his position as then Chief Minister of Haryana to cause wrongful gains to the Associated Journals Limited (AJL) and corresponding loss to the Government of Haryana, by illegally allotting a government plot of land worth several crores rupees (billions) to AJL for INR 59 lakh (5.9 million). Then Chief Minister, Hooda, was also the chairman of HUDA, a government entity which re-allotted the plot to AJL in 2005 in violations of rules and against the advise of the HUDA officials. Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar's BJP government of Haryana transferred the case to CBI, and CBI filed the FIR in April 2016. CBI booked Hooda for criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, cheating and misuse of official position by public servants. AJL, which also owns National Herald, is controlled by the Indian National Congress leaders Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi among others.
AJL was not legally entitled for the allotment. Plot was originally allotted to AJL in 1982. As per the rules, ownership was repossessed by the government in 1992 due to non-construction by AJL within the mandatory period. AJL's applications to have the plot re-allotted were dismissed in 1995 and again in 1996. AJL waited for a favorable entity to come to power for getting the re-allotment. When Hooda became Chief Minister in 2005, he illegally re-allotment the plot to the AJL.
There are 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018).
Details.
Modus of scam.
In this AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, the Congress government gave the National Herald 3,500 square meters of plot number C-17 in Sector 6 of Panchkula in Haryana in 1982 [during Bhajan Lal's Indian National Congress rule] to publish a newspaper, but for ten years, there was no newspaper published from here. Hence, as per the rules the land should have been returned to the government, but the ownership was illegally transferred to AJL/National Herald by Hooda government in 2013. This case and National Herald's possession of INR 2000 crores worth land are being currently investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (c. December 2017). Against the advise of HUDA officials to re-advertise the plot for auction and to honor the legal precedence/remembrance (prior rejections of AJL's application for the re-allotment), Hooda re-allotted it to AJL in 2005 at the original 1982 rates with interest.
Applicable sections of penal code.
FIR, filed on the complaint of Haryana State Vigilance Bureau's deputy superintendent, Ashok Kumar, has following sections of the Indian Penal Code: Sections 409, 420 and 120-B. CBI's DSP, R.S. Gunjiyal, was mentioned in FIR the investigating officer (IO) of the case.
Investigating agencies.
Case was initially investigated by the Haryana State Vigilance Bureau, then taken over by the ED and CBI.
Persons under investigation.
CBI's FIR mentions then chairman of HUDA, which is Bhupinder Singh Hooda. ED has also questioned both Hooda and Motilal Vora who were confronted with the ceased documents in this case.
Current status.
On 1 December 2018, CBI filed the chargesheet against Hooda, Moti Lal Vohra and AJL Ltd for the allotment of 3360 sqm plot in Sector 6 in 2005 in violation of the rules. As per the chargesheet, the plot was originally allotted in 1982, but allotment automatically lapsed as no construction was carried out within the prescribed ten years, resulting in HUDA (now called HSVP) retaking the ownership of the plot in 1992. Chargesheet states that Bhupinder Singh Hooda, who was then chairman of HUDA and chief minister of Haryana, re-allotted the plot in 2005 at 1982 price with interest by violating the rules, resulting in loss of INR 620,000 to the govt of Haryana. On 3 December 2018, ED also attached the said plot under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
In a big blow to the Gandhis, the Enforcement Directorate permanently attached properties worth Rs.64 crore in the National Herald land grab Case in May 2019.
Releated AJL scam cases.
A separate AJL owned National Herald scam case against Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi is going on in the Supreme court, filed by Subramanian Swamy, for the alleged criminal misappropriation by both Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi in which the courts have determined that a prima face case has been established. Associated Journals Limited is an unlisted public company limited by shares, ownership of which was transferred to Young India in 2011. AJL published the "National Herald" newspaper and also owns real estate worth at in various cities including New Delhi, Lucknow, Bhopal, Mumbai, Indore, Patna and Panchkula.

</doc>
<doc id="56839450" url="?curid=56839450" title="Warschauer Kniefall">
Warschauer Kniefall


</doc>
<doc id="56839463" url="?curid=56839463" title="Round House">
Round House


</doc>
<doc id="56839468" url="?curid=56839468" title="Remous">
Remous


</doc>
<doc id="56839474" url="?curid=56839474" title="Frontiers journal series">
Frontiers journal series


</doc>
<doc id="56839496" url="?curid=56839496" title="Ram Dass, Going Home">
Ram Dass, Going Home

Ram Dass, Going Home is a 2017 short documentary portrait of Ram Dass. It was Shortlisted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as a contender for the 2018 Academy Awards in Documentary Short Subject.

</doc>
<doc id="56839506" url="?curid=56839506" title="Browser bookmark">
Browser bookmark


</doc>
<doc id="56839510" url="?curid=56839510" title="Hemibarbus labeo">
Hemibarbus labeo


</doc>
<doc id="56839535" url="?curid=56839535" title="Blumental (disambiguation)">
Blumental (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56839536" url="?curid=56839536" title="Yikes (comics)">
Yikes (comics)


</doc>
<doc id="56839543" url="?curid=56839543" title="Rodrigo Moreira (footballer, born 1996)">
Rodrigo Moreira (footballer, born 1996)

Rodrigo Miguel Moreira (born 15 July 1996) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for San Martín.
Career.
Club.
Moreira's senior career with Independiente began in 2014 when he was a substitute for a Copa Argentina match with Belgrano, though he was unused in a 0–2 win on 28 July. On 5 August 2016, Moreira joined Primera B Nacional's San Martín on loan. He scored on his professional debut in a home draw versus Argentinos Juniors, which was the first of eight goals during 2016–17 for San Martín over forty-one appearances. He returned to Independiente in July 2017 and made his debut for the club on 8 September against Olimpo. On 30 June 2018, Moreira completed a return to former club San Martín; joining permanently.
International.
Moreira represented Argentina at U17 and U20 level. He won twelve caps for the U17s, winning the 2013 South American Under-17 Football Championship and scoring one goal (versus Ivory Coast) in six games at the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup in the United Arab Emirates. He played six times for the U20s, five of which came during the 2015 South American Youth Football Championship which Argentina won whilst the other cap came during the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56839547" url="?curid=56839547" title="Rodrigo Moreira (footballer, born 2001)">
Rodrigo Moreira (footballer, born 2001)

Rodrigo Nahuel Moreira Lima (born 23 February 2001) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Uruguayan Segunda División side Rentistas.
Career.
Club.
Moreira was promoted into the first-team of Rentistas in 2018, making his debut on 3 March in a Uruguayan Segunda División defeat away to Villa Teresa.
International.
Moreira has played and scored for the Uruguay U16s at international level.

</doc>
<doc id="56839551" url="?curid=56839551" title="Rodrigo Moreira">
Rodrigo Moreira

Rodrigo Moreira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56839563" url="?curid=56839563" title="Takis (snack)">
Takis (snack)

Takis (formerly known as Taquis until 2004) is a Mexican brand of rolled, corn tortilla chip snack made by Barcel, a subsidiary of Grupo Bimbo. Fashioned after the taquito, it is known for its spicy, intense taste and comes in numerous flavors.
History.
Takis was invented in Mexico in 1999, and was introduced to the United States in 2006. Barcel, the owner of Takis, originally intended to aim it towards the Hispanic demographic of the snack market, but its popularity has quickly spread among the youth of the United States.
Flavors.
Takis are prepared in a variety of flavors, including:
Other products.
In July 2020, Razor released their scooter designed with the Takis brand. Also in that month, Totino's released "Totino's Takis Fuego Mini Snack Bites", consisting of pizza snack rolls covered in "Takis Fuego" seasoning. In October 2020, Takis introduced with "Takis Hot Nuts", featuring peanuts in a crunchy shell coated with Takis seasoning. Its flavors include "Fuego", "Flare" and "Smokin' Lime". In 2021, Grupo Bimbo expanded the Takis snack portfolio to four more extensions: "Takis Waves", a ridged potato chip; "Takis Watz", a cheese snack; "Takis POP!", a ready-to-eat popcorn; and "Takis Stix", a corn snack stick.
Health concerns.
There have been multiple claims on the Internet that Takis and other spicy snacks cause ulcers and cancer. Though they have been confirmed as false, scientists and doctors have attributed gastritis and other stomach-related problems to Takis. It has been recommended that Takis should only be consumed in moderation.

</doc>
<doc id="56839566" url="?curid=56839566" title="Hemibarbus lehoai">
Hemibarbus lehoai

Hemibarbus lehoai is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56839570" url="?curid=56839570" title="Takis (snack food)">
Takis (snack food)


</doc>
<doc id="56839578" url="?curid=56839578" title="New Sark">
New Sark


</doc>
<doc id="56839583" url="?curid=56839583" title="Absolut (vodka)">
Absolut (vodka)


</doc>
<doc id="56839588" url="?curid=56839588" title="Believe It or Not (song)">
Believe It or Not (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56839596" url="?curid=56839596" title="NOS Original">
NOS Original


</doc>
<doc id="56839601" url="?curid=56839601" title="NOS Sugar Free">
NOS Sugar Free


</doc>
<doc id="56839602" url="?curid=56839602" title="NOS GT Grape">
NOS GT Grape


</doc>
<doc id="56839608" url="?curid=56839608" title="Hemibarbus longirostris">
Hemibarbus longirostris

Hemibarbus longirostris is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found in Japan, the Korean Peninsula and China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839609" url="?curid=56839609" title="NOS Cherried Out">
NOS Cherried Out


</doc>
<doc id="56839612" url="?curid=56839612" title="NOS Charged Citrus">
NOS Charged Citrus


</doc>
<doc id="56839615" url="?curid=56839615" title="Bobby Owsinski">
Bobby Owsinski

Bobby Owsinski is an American audio engineer, producer, musician, public speaker and author based in Los Angeles, California.
He is best known as author of over 20 books in the field of music, music recording and social media, and for audio engineering, especially in surround mixing with credits including Jimi Hendrix, The Who, Pantera, Weird Al Yankovic, Willie Nelson, Elvis, Neil Young, Iron Maiden, The Ramones, and Chicago.
Early life.
Bobby Owsinski grew up in Minersville, PA where he played guitar and sang in regional cover bands throughout his high school and college years. Early success as a professional musician came as a keyboard player with The Other Side, touring along the East Coast and eventually recording one album for De-Lite/Polygram.
Wanting to learn more about production and arranging, Owsinski enrolled in Berklee College of Music where he studied composition and majored in guitar. After a brief time as a student, he was hired as an instructor in the school's then-new recording program, where he stayed for an additional year until relocating to Los Angeles, California.
Audio production and engineering career.
Owsinski has worked on projects as an engineer, producer, writer or arranger including music, commercials, television and motion pictures. During his early years in Los Angeles he worked with a series of artists, including Frank Zappa, The Byrds, and Lou Rawls, among others. In the mid-90s he worked in the Southern California blues scene producing recordings for Willie Dixon, Joe Houston, Gerry Groom, and ex-Rolling Stone Mick Taylor, and serving as Taylor's music director for one tour.
Owsinski was a co-founder of music-production company Surround Associates, and was among the first sound engineers to mix music specifically for DVD surround sound, working on projects for artists including Jimi Hendrix, Elvis, The Who, Willie Nelson, Iron Maiden, The Ramones and Chicago.
He has consulted for a variety of music and audio-related companies including Alesis, Amek, IK Multimedia, Lexicon, Line 6, Neve, PreSonus, Shattered Music, Tascam, United Entertainment Media, Waves, and Yamaha.
He also spent time as an educator, starting with teaching and authoring various audio-related courses at Berklee College of Music, then moving on to Trebas Recording Institute and Nova Institute. Today he conducts guest lectures and presentations at colleges and universities around the world.
Owsinski has appeared on ABC News' "20/20" speaking about the 2012 Beyoncé Inauguration Ceremony controversy, on CNN's "New Day", as well other programs, podcasts, and radio shows. He has also been featured in artists in "Sound on Sound", "The Music Paper", "Mix Magazine", "EQ Magazine", among others.
Recent musical productions by Owsinski include SNEW and Adrianna Marie and Her Groovecutters, with her album "Double Crossing Blues" reaching #2 on the "Billboard" Blues Charts.
Writing career.
Owsinski is an accomplished author in the area of audio engineering and music production with over 20 books released among three publishers and through his own publishing company. He has also written books outside the music business, including "Social Media Promotion for Small Business and Entrepreneurs", and the "Cruise Vacation FAQ Book".
Prior to authoring books, he wrote magazine articles for numerous trade publications, including "Billboard", "EQ", "The Hollywood Reporter", "Mix", "Electronic Musician", "Grammy Magazine", "Film &amp; Video", "Pro Sound News", "Music Connection", and others. He maintains several of his own blogs and writes guest posts on other notable industry blogs, most notably "Forbes", where he provides commentary on the new music business and music technology.
Many of Owsinski's books have also been released in a video format via Lynda.com.
Books.
Owsinski has authored books on the subject of music and audio engineering since the 1990s, the following list reflects latest edition dates.

</doc>
<doc id="56839616" url="?curid=56839616" title="NOS Rowdy">
NOS Rowdy


</doc>
<doc id="56839624" url="?curid=56839624" title="Daniel Ortberg">
Daniel Ortberg


</doc>
<doc id="56839640" url="?curid=56839640" title="Monster Regular">
Monster Regular


</doc>
<doc id="56839644" url="?curid=56839644" title="SkyCourier">
SkyCourier


</doc>
<doc id="56839645" url="?curid=56839645" title="Chinatown Art Brigade">
Chinatown Art Brigade

Chinatown Art Brigade (CAB) is a cultural collective of artists, media makers and activists creating art and media to advance social justice. Their work focuses on the belief that "collaboration with and accountability to those communities that are directly impacted by racial, social and economic inequities must be central to cultural, art, or media making process." Through art and public projections, CAB aims to share stories of Chinatown tenants to fight displacement and gentrification. Chinatown Art Brigade collaborates with the Chinatown Tenants Union of CAAAV Organizing Asian Communities, a non-profit organization that fights against tenant rights violation, evictions, and displacement of low-income pan-Asian communities.
History.
Chinatown Art Brigade was co-founded by Tomie Arai, ManSee Kong, and Betty Yu in New York City in December 2015. Arai, a Japanese American public artist; Kong, a Chinese American filmmaker; and Yu, a Chinese American multimedia artist, shared similar experiences of social injustice towards people of Asian descent. Two of the three founders were raised by low-income Chinese immigrants. Their upbringing directly influenced their art making and motivated the establishment of a brigade to address the issues of racial, social, economic inequities faced by Asian Americans. More specifically, Chinatown Art Brigade seeks to fight against displacement and gentrification of Chinatown in New York City.
As artists, Arai, Kong, and Yu recognized the power of art in advancing social justice. For this reason, CAB is fueled by the belief that social, economic, and political issues that affect people’s daily lives are central to any art making process. The artists believe that art is crucial as a means of communicating inequalities through an effective, universal, visual language that can be applied to and understood by various communities.
Including the co-founders, sixteen core members of different gender, age, and ethnic background form this cultural collective in collaboration with a large team from CAAAV’s Chinatown Tenant Association as well as volunteer groups.
Within a year the Brigade gained support from programs, including A Blade of Grass Fellowship, Shelley &amp; Donald Rubin Foundation, Asian Women Giving Circle, and Lower Manhattan Cultural Council's Creative Engagement.
Art/Community Organization.
Protest Against Omer Fast And James Cohan Gallery.
In October 2017, the collective received media attention for their protests against artist Omer Fast’s exhibition at the James Cohan Gallery in the Lower East Side. The gallery was re-designed by Fast as an attempt to transform the gallery into its state before gentrification. The gallery featured “a yellow awning with faded English and Chinese characters in red, folding chairs arranged on a scuffed-up floor with mismatched linoleum tiles, red lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and a grocery cart with a black plastic bag tied to it.” This garnered backlash and subsequent protests from Chinatown communities including the Chinatown Art Brigade, Committee Against Anti-Asian Violence, and Decolonize This Place, whom organized two protests in response. The protesters occupied the gallery and surrounding area with bullhorns and signs, many of which were left and taped inside the gallery. In a statement by CAB the gallery has been called “a hostile act towards communities on the front lines fighting tenant harassment, cultural appropriation and erasure. The conception and installation of this show reifies racist narratives of uncleanliness, otherness and blight that have historically been projected onto Chinatown.”
Despite actions by protestors the gallery defended Fast and the gallery remained open until its last day. Subsequently, after the gallery’s statement, Fast himself released a statement apologizing but defending his choices, choosing to leave the protestors signs inside the gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="56839647" url="?curid=56839647" title="Austracris proxima">
Austracris proxima

Austracris proxima is a species of grasshopper in the genus "Austracris". It is found in Queensland and New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="56839650" url="?curid=56839650" title="Hemibarbus macracanthus">
Hemibarbus macracanthus

Hemibarbus macracanthus is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839651" url="?curid=56839651" title="Monster Absolutely Zero">
Monster Absolutely Zero


</doc>
<doc id="56839655" url="?curid=56839655" title="Monster The Doctor">
Monster The Doctor


</doc>
<doc id="56839664" url="?curid=56839664" title="Monster Import">
Monster Import


</doc>
<doc id="56839668" url="?curid=56839668" title="Monster M3">
Monster M3


</doc>
<doc id="56839672" url="?curid=56839672" title="Monster Rehab">
Monster Rehab


</doc>
<doc id="56839675" url="?curid=56839675" title="Monster Ultra">
Monster Ultra


</doc>
<doc id="56839679" url="?curid=56839679" title="Monster Unleaded">
Monster Unleaded


</doc>
<doc id="56839685" url="?curid=56839685" title="Monster Hydro">
Monster Hydro


</doc>
<doc id="56839690" url="?curid=56839690" title="Monster 44 Lewis Hamilton">
Monster 44 Lewis Hamilton


</doc>
<doc id="56839693" url="?curid=56839693" title="Yikes (disambiguation)">
Yikes (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56839696" url="?curid=56839696" title="Holomráz (album)">
Holomráz (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56839698" url="?curid=56839698" title="Monster Punch">
Monster Punch


</doc>
<doc id="56839702" url="?curid=56839702" title="Monster Ripper (drink)">
Monster Ripper (drink)


</doc>
<doc id="56839707" url="?curid=56839707" title="Monster Ripper (beverage)">
Monster Ripper (beverage)


</doc>
<doc id="56839709" url="?curid=56839709" title="Jennifer Whalen (actress)">
Jennifer Whalen (actress)

Jennifer Whalen is a Canadian actress and comedian, best known as one of the creators and stars of the sketch comedy series "Baroness von Sketch Show". 
An alumna of the Toronto company of The Second City, she was a writer for "This Hour Has 22 Minutes" before launching "Baroness von Sketch" with her castmates Meredith MacNeill, Aurora Browne and Carolyn Taylor.
At the 5th Canadian Screen Awards in 2017, the troupe were nominated for Best Ensemble Performance in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Series, and won the award for Best Writing in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Series; at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018, the troupe won the awards in both of the same categories.
She has also had acting roles in the television series "InSecurity" and "The Beaverton", and wrote for the television series "The Gavin Crawford Show", "SketchCom", "Instant Star", "The Ron James Show", "InSecurity" and "The Dating Guy".

</doc>
<doc id="56839719" url="?curid=56839719" title="32 S&amp;W">
32 S&amp;W


</doc>
<doc id="56839724" url="?curid=56839724" title="Spotted steed">
Spotted steed

The spotted steed ("Hemibarbus maculatus") is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is found throughout the Amur basin in eastern Asia to China, the Korean peninsula, and Japan. Currently, little research has been done regarding this species, therefore, information regarding it is limited. The common name of this freshwater fish is the spotted steed. Its scientific name is "Hemibarbus maculatus". "Hemibarbus" is from ancient Greek and means "half". "Maculatus", is Latin and means "spotted".
Taxonomy and classification.
The spotted steed belongs to the kingdom Animalia, the phylum Chordata, and the class Actinopterygii. Further, it belongs to the order Cypriniformes, and the subfamily Gobioninae.
Identification and characteristics.
The spotted steed can be distinguished from other similar species through various physical and behavioral characteristics. The spotted steed exhibits 7-11 large blackish spots on each flank, under developed lips, and fins placed in a specific order. Specifically, their dorsal fin is closer to the tip of their snout than their caudal-fin base. Also, they have six and a half branched anal-fin rays. 
Diet.
The spotted steed is known to feed on benthic crustaceans, insects and mollusks. They have been recorded to feed mainly on mollusks during the summer and crustaceans during the winter.
Reproduction and lifecycle.
The spotted steed becomes mature at 3 years of age. They naturally breed during May and June. Their eggs are deposited among aquatic vegetation and develop in approximately four days. Then, the larvae live in the pelagic stage for their first six days of life.
Native range.
The spotted steed is native to China, Korea, Japan and the Amur basin.
Non-native range.
The spotted steed was first introduced to the former USSR accidentally. It is believed to have invaded the freshwater habitats of some lakes and rivers in the Russian Federation and Russian Far East. The invasion was likely the result of the species accidentally being introduced with Chinese carp fry from the Yangtze River, China in 1988. 
Current distribution.
Some countries the species is found in includes Cambodia, China, Chongqing, Guanxi, Guizhou, Hebei, Heilongjang, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Nei Menggu, Shanghai, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang, Japan, Korea, Laos, Mongolia, Taiwan, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam. Specifically, in Mongolia, the species is widely distributed in Lake Buir and Rivers Onon, Kherlen, and Khalkhiin. Outside of Mongolia, the species is distributed throughout the Amur and Yangtze drainage (Russia, China) and Taiwan. Some of the European areas it has been accidentally introduced into include the Russian Federation and Russian Far East.
Modes of distribution and introduction.
The main mode of distribution of this species has been through accidental introduction. Specifically, the introduction occurred indirectly when Chinese carp fry was purposely introduced from Yangtze River to the former USSR. Another mode of distribution the species has used to invade other habitats is that it was intentionally introduced in rivers of various Asian countries. Lastly, throughout most of Asia, natural dispersal has occurred; this is especially true in China, Korea, Japan, and countries connected by the Amur River basin.
Ecological role.
The spotted steed has been recorded to be a serious competitor and threat to the native benthic fish where it is introduced. This was especially true when it was introduced into the former USSR. Some impacts this species has had on habitats include causing habitat alteration, modification of natural benthic communities, negatively impacting aquaculture and fisheries, causing a reduction in native biodiversity, and engaging in competition with native species. The spotted steed is an excellent invader due to its rapid growth rate and higher fecundity than native fish species. Within its native ecosystem it engages in competition, however, it does not have as strong of an effect on other species as it does in the habitats it invades.
Factors in establishment.
Some factors that are known to influence the successful establishment of the spotted steed are its high fecundity and rapid growth rate. The species also has a very non-specific diet that consists of snails, aquatic insects, clams, and small fish. As such, it is able to obtain its resources easier than other species with more specific diets. These factors aid in the species ability to invade other habitats. 
Benefits and threats.
The spotted steed threatens its newly established habitat by harming aquaculture and fisheries, reducing native biodiversity, and causing loss of native species. It benefits the newly established habitat by becoming a part of the food chain and acting as a food source/prey to larger predators.
Control methods and status of mitigation.
There is currently not an active control program for this species. Therefore, the status of mitigation is “no action".

</doc>
<doc id="56839731" url="?curid=56839731" title="Hemibarbus maculatus">
Hemibarbus maculatus


</doc>
<doc id="56839732" url="?curid=56839732" title="32 S&amp;W Long">
32 S&amp;W Long


</doc>
<doc id="56839739" url="?curid=56839739" title="Full Throttle Fury">
Full Throttle Fury


</doc>
<doc id="56839743" url="?curid=56839743" title="Sugar-Free Full Throttle Fury">
Sugar-Free Full Throttle Fury


</doc>
<doc id="56839744" url="?curid=56839744" title="Full Throttle Blue Demon">
Full Throttle Blue Demon


</doc>
<doc id="56839745" url="?curid=56839745" title="32 H&amp;R Magnum">
32 H&amp;R Magnum


</doc>
<doc id="56839746" url="?curid=56839746" title="Full Throttle Frozen Fury">
Full Throttle Frozen Fury


</doc>
<doc id="56839749" url="?curid=56839749" title="Warren Stevens filmography">
Warren Stevens filmography


</doc>
<doc id="56839752" url="?curid=56839752" title="Full Throttle Mother">
Full Throttle Mother


</doc>
<doc id="56839757" url="?curid=56839757" title="Hemibarbus medius">
Hemibarbus medius

Hemibarbus medius is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to southern China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839758" url="?curid=56839758" title="Full Throttle Coffee Caramel">
Full Throttle Coffee Caramel


</doc>
<doc id="56839759" url="?curid=56839759" title="NC 795">
NC 795


</doc>
<doc id="56839766" url="?curid=56839766" title="Full Throttle Coffee Vanilla">
Full Throttle Coffee Vanilla


</doc>
<doc id="56839768" url="?curid=56839768" title="5th Platino Awards">
5th Platino Awards

The 5th Platino Awards was presented at Gran Tlachco Theater in Riviera Maya, Mexico on April 29, 2018 to honour the best in Ibero-American films of 2017. The ceremony was televised in Latin America by TNT, and hosted by Mexican actor Eugenio Derbez.
"A Fantastic Woman" received the most nominations with nine.

</doc>
<doc id="56839770" url="?curid=56839770" title="Full Throttle Coffee Mocha">
Full Throttle Coffee Mocha


</doc>
<doc id="56839773" url="?curid=56839773" title="Full Throttle Coffee">
Full Throttle Coffee


</doc>
<doc id="56839777" url="?curid=56839777" title="Arkipelago">
Arkipelago

Arkipelago was a volunteer-run cultural organization based in New York City that promoted critical dialogue and community engagement around important issues concerning the Philippines and the Filipino Diaspora. Arkipelago is known for promoting conversations regarding immigrant rights, AIDS, generational gaps, and racism through arts related projects and programs.
History.
Arkipelago was formed on December 10, 1993.
The organization was developed out of Boses Filipino, an annual arts-based event that provided a space for Filipino/American artists to share their work. The night consisted of songs, poetry, dance, and other performances that visualized contemporary issues faced by local Filipino communities. The event presented a venue for Filipino and Filipino Americans to share their experiences and concerns.
The event was named “Arkipelago,” the Tagalog translation of the word “archipelago.”
What was intended as a one-night event became an advocacy organization that continues to put up art-based events relevant to its cause. Sa Pinilakang Tabing (On the Silver Screen), Pelikulang Pilipino (Filipino Films), and the Salamin, are examples of events Arkipelego went on to create.
The organization also participated in Street Theatre performances, where they raised awareness of abandoned toxic waste on US bases in the Philippines, domestic workers, mail-order brides, and anti-immigrant legislation. By the 2000s, Arkipelago became one of the most significant Filipino art platforms in New York City.
Programs.
Sa Pinilakang Tabing (On the Silver Screen).
"On the Silver Screen" screened films and videos installations that address the conflicts and experiences of a Filipino/Filipino American. "On the Silver Screen" was the only annual film festival hosted by Arkipelago on the East Coast. If the work was not about the Filipino or the Philippines, at least one or more of the production crew(art director, cinematographer, director, editor, producer or screenwriter) had to be of Filipino descendant. The submitted artworks had to adhere to the following restrictions:
On the Silver Screen 97'.
The fourth Sa Pinilakang Tabing(On the Silver Screen) was held in 1997 to celebrate the 100th year of Filipino cinema. Although Filipino cinema is one of the country's greatest cultural assets, it rarely receives chances for exposure and screening in the U.S. due to the lack of funding and government initiative, which presents Sa Pinilakang Tabing with a great opportunity. The documentary film "Private Wars" by Nick Deocampo was screened during the opening night. Deocampo is a significant independent filmmaker from the Philippines. His works have gained international interests and garnered critical acclaim.
Pelikulang Pilipino (Filipino Films).
Pelikulang Pilipino was a three-part function composed of a general overview of contemporary Philippine cinema, screened excerpts from a select few Filipino films, and paneled reviews of the screenings. The events served as a loose blueprint for the annual film festival.
maARTe.org.
"maARTe.org" is an art related webzine that discussed issues brought out through artists' works or responses to them. The webzine captured the Filipino art scene and recorded concerns the art raised at the opening of the twenty first century. The Arkipelago archive consists of electronic files of the webzine.
Brainfood Sessions.
Brainfood Sessions was a forum where invited artists discussed and presented their works. Arkipelago's events are mostly documented through objects such as banners, flags, and leaflets. 4" x 6" color photographs document Brainfood Sessions, Arkipelago's participation in the Coalition of Asian Pacific Americans’ (CAPA) Annual Asian/Pacific American Heritage Festival, and Sa Pinilakang Tabing(On the Silver Screen).
Salamin.
Held on August 10, 1994 at the Art in General Gallery at 79 Walker Street, "Salamin" brought together five local Filipino and Filipino-American artists to take part in a forum and slide presentation. Recognizing the isolating working and living environments of Filipino and Filipino-American artists, Arkipelago sponsored "Salamin" as a platform for dialogue and collaboration to exhibit the strength in sharing perspectives and experiences of Filipino diaspora.The five artists who shared their insights and work were: Paul Pfieffer, Christine Quisumbing Ramilo, Lewanda Lim, Ayan Rivera, and Genera Banzon.
Tagalog on Site.
Though not an Arkipelago program, it was founded by its first program director - the educator, activist, and writer Susan Quimpo. "Tagalog On Site" provides second and third generation Filipino Americans with the opportunity to travel to the Philippines to uncover their heritage first-hand. Her work with Filipino-Americans was inspired by a Philippine history workshop she conducted in New York. The workshop elicited a homogenous sense of national pride and desire for more knowledge among her young audience. By offering lectures on Philippine history, culture, and politics, "Tagalog on Site" works to assist adolescent Filipino-Americans in reclaiming their roots.

</doc>
<doc id="56839778" url="?curid=56839778" title="Sugar-Free Full Throttle">
Sugar-Free Full Throttle


</doc>
<doc id="56839784" url="?curid=56839784" title="Sugar Free Full Throttle">
Sugar Free Full Throttle


</doc>
<doc id="56839785" url="?curid=56839785" title="Suzanne Edmonson">
Suzanne Edmonson


</doc>
<doc id="56839792" url="?curid=56839792" title="Roxanne Martin">
Roxanne Martin

Roxanne Martin / Bezhik Anungo Kwe (One Star Woman) is an Anishinaabe artist, educator, author, jingle-dress dancer, LGTBQA2+ activist and small-business entrepreneur. She is the niece and goddaughter of artist Cecil Youngfox. Roxanne is from Wiikwemkoong First Nation and Serpent River First Nation, she is of the Eagle clan.
Career.
Martin was educated in Theatre Arts Production at Cambrian College in Sudbury, Ontario. She now holds a BFA from Algoma University and a BEd from the Schulich School of Education at Nipissing University.
She has been heavily involved in Ojibwa language preservation through her series of children's books "Baby WayNa" made for infants to the age of five.
Beginning in 2015 Martin began working with the Teach for Canada program, she currently has taught kindergarten to grade 6 in Lac Seul, Eagle Lake and Wabigoon First Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="56839793" url="?curid=56839793" title="William V. Roebuck">
William V. Roebuck


</doc>
<doc id="56839795" url="?curid=56839795" title="Manohari, Aurangabad district">
Manohari, Aurangabad district

Manohari is a village in Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="56839802" url="?curid=56839802" title="Burn Original">
Burn Original


</doc>
<doc id="56839805" url="?curid=56839805" title="Hemibarbus qianjiangensis">
Hemibarbus qianjiangensis

Hemibarbus qianjiangensis is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to the Qiantangjiang River in Zhejiang Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839808" url="?curid=56839808" title="Burn Tropical">
Burn Tropical


</doc>
<doc id="56839809" url="?curid=56839809" title="Richard Thorpe (priest)">
Richard Thorpe (priest)

Richard Joshua Thorpe (born 13 May 1838 Hoghton; died 23 October 1920 Christchurch) was an Anglican priest in the second half of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th.
Thorpe was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1862. He served three curacies: at St John, Dublin (1861–1864); St Andrew the Less, Cambridge (1864-1866) and St John, Langley, Essex (1866–1867).He was at All Saints, Nelson from 1867 to 1878, where he was also archdeacon of Waimea and dean of New Zealand. He was then the incumbent of St Paul, Wellington. 

</doc>
<doc id="56839810" url="?curid=56839810" title="Burn Berry">
Burn Berry


</doc>
<doc id="56839813" url="?curid=56839813" title="Burn Blue">
Burn Blue


</doc>
<doc id="56839815" url="?curid=56839815" title="Tirukkural translations into Manipuri">
Tirukkural translations into Manipuri


</doc>
<doc id="56839819" url="?curid=56839819" title="Burn Mocha Energy">
Burn Mocha Energy


</doc>
<doc id="56839821" url="?curid=56839821" title="Burn Sugarfree">
Burn Sugarfree


</doc>
<doc id="56839824" url="?curid=56839824" title="Burn Lemon Ice">
Burn Lemon Ice


</doc>
<doc id="56839830" url="?curid=56839830" title="Gajna">
Gajna

Gajna is a village in Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Population.
Gajna is a medium size village located in Nabinagar Block of Aurangabad district, Bihar with total 131 families residing. The Gajna village has population of 704 of which 344 are males while 360 are females as per Population Census 2011.
In Gajna village population of children with age 0-6 is 120 which makes up 17.05 % of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio of Gajna village is 1047 which is higher than Bihar state average of 918. Child Sex Ratio for the Gajna as per census is 791, lower than Bihar average of 935.
Education.
Gajna village has lower literacy rate compared to Bihar. In 2011, literacy rate of Gajna village was 56.68 % compared to 61.80 % of Bihar. In Gajna Male literacy stands at 62.45 % while female literacy rate was 51.47 %.
Work Profile.
In Gajna village out of total population, 244 were engaged in work activities. 8.61 % of workers describe their work as Main Work (Employment or Earning more than 6 Months) while 91.39 % were involved in Marginal activity providing livelihood for less than 6 months. Of 244 workers engaged in Main Work, 3 were cultivators (owner or co-owner) while 15 were Agricultural labourer.

</doc>
<doc id="56839835" url="?curid=56839835" title="Hemibarbus songloensis">
Hemibarbus songloensis

Hemibarbus songloensis is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56839852" url="?curid=56839852" title="Larissa–Volos railway">
Larissa–Volos railway

The railway from Larissa to Volos is a standard-gauge railway that connects Larissa with the coastal port city of Volos in Thessaly, Greece. It is Thessaly's most important regional line after the Palaiofarsalos–Kalambaka railway. As a branch line of the Piraeus–Platy railway, its western terminus at Larissa provides connections to Athens and Thessaloniki.
Course.
The line branches off at Larissa and continues to the southeast through Kypseli, Armenio and Stefanovikeio before heading south to Velestino, where it meets the former metre-gauge line to Kalambaka. It then advances eastwards from Melissiatika to its eastern terminus at Volos.
Stations.
The stations on the Larissa–Volos railway serve are:
History.
Construction of the metre-gauge railway began in 1882 and the line was inaugurated on 22 April 1884, as part of the Thessaly Railways. The project was designed and led by Italian-born Evaristo de Chirico, father of the famous painter Giorgio de Chirico, and Greek banker Theodoros Mavrogordatos. The original route was somewhat different from the current one, passing through the Volos quarry and proceeding to the centre of the city, where it met the narrow-gauge Pelion railway. In 1960, the decision was made to convert the line to standard gauge, thus speeding up travel times by allowing through traffic to bypass Larissa via the Piraeus–Platy railway.
Services.
The Larissa–Volos railway is used by the following passenger services:
Future.
The line is currently being upgraded with the installation of railway signalling, electrification and ETCS systems. At an estimated cost of €71.24 million, it is one of a number of "new-generation projects" aimed at improving rail connectivity across Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="56839854" url="?curid=56839854" title="Hemibarbus thacmoensis">
Hemibarbus thacmoensis

Hemibarbus thacmoensis is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56839855" url="?curid=56839855" title="Akorhi">
Akorhi

Akorhi is a village in Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Population.
The Akorhi village has population of 257 of which 126 are males while 131 are females as per Population Census 2011.
In Akorhi village population of children with age 0-6 is 64 which makes up 24.90 % of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio of Akorhi village is 1040 which is higher than Bihar state average of 918. Child Sex Ratio for the Akorhi as per census is 939, higher than Bihar average of 935.
Education.
Akorhi village has lower literacy rate compared to Bihar. In 2011, literacy rate of Akorhi village was 55.44 % compared to 61.80 % of Bihar. In Akorhi Male literacy stands at 70.97 % while female literacy rate was 41.00 %.
Work Profile.
In Akorhi village out of total population, 120 were engaged in work activities. 12.50 % of workers describe their work as Main Work (Employment or Earning more than 6 Months) while 87.50 % were involved in Marginal activity providing livelihood for less than 6 months. Of 120 workers engaged in Main Work, 9 were cultivators (owner or co-owner) while 2 were Agricultural labourer.

</doc>
<doc id="56839869" url="?curid=56839869" title="Allosomic">
Allosomic


</doc>
<doc id="56839870" url="?curid=56839870" title="5chan">
5chan


</doc>
<doc id="56839872" url="?curid=56839872" title="Bubble Up Lemon-Lime">
Bubble Up Lemon-Lime


</doc>
<doc id="56839873" url="?curid=56839873" title="Bubble Up Diet Lemon-Lime">
Bubble Up Diet Lemon-Lime


</doc>
<doc id="56839876" url="?curid=56839876" title="Panrepur">
Panrepur

Panrepur is a village in Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="56839877" url="?curid=56839877" title="Bubble Up Cloudy Lemon">
Bubble Up Cloudy Lemon


</doc>
<doc id="56839879" url="?curid=56839879" title="Bubble Up Bitter Lemon">
Bubble Up Bitter Lemon


</doc>
<doc id="56839882" url="?curid=56839882" title="1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 14th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Vera Thomas-Dace and Peggy Franks defeated Dora Beregi and Helen Elliot in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56839883" url="?curid=56839883" title="Bubble Up Ginger Ale">
Bubble Up Ginger Ale


</doc>
<doc id="56839886" url="?curid=56839886" title="Bubble Up Tonic Water">
Bubble Up Tonic Water


</doc>
<doc id="56839888" url="?curid=56839888" title="Bubble Up Club Soda">
Bubble Up Club Soda


</doc>
<doc id="56839890" url="?curid=56839890" title="HUD office furnishing scandal">
HUD office furnishing scandal


</doc>
<doc id="56839893" url="?curid=56839893" title="Niman Jodh">
Niman Jodh

Niman Jodh is a village in Aurangabad district in the Indian state of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="56839898" url="?curid=56839898" title="Nicodou">
Nicodou


</doc>
<doc id="56839899" url="?curid=56839899" title="Nicodo">
Nicodo


</doc>
<doc id="56839904" url="?curid=56839904" title="Nicodong">
Nicodong


</doc>
<doc id="56839910" url="?curid=56839910" title="Hemibarbus umbrifer">
Hemibarbus umbrifer

Hemibarbus umbrifer is a species of small freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is endemic to the Xi River in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56839914" url="?curid=56839914" title="Nikoniko">
Nikoniko


</doc>
<doc id="56839940" url="?curid=56839940" title="Yin Xi">
Yin Xi


</doc>
<doc id="56839947" url="?curid=56839947" title="Wu Zhongchao">
Wu Zhongchao

 
Wu Zhongchao (, , born 1946) is a Chinese theoretical physicist and professor at Zhejiang University of Technology.
Career.
In 1963, Wu Zhongchao enrolled in the University of Science and Technology of China. In 1968, as part of a Cultural Revolution program, he was sent to work in a factory for five years. In 1971, he returned to the university as a teacher. In 1979, recommended by physicist Qian Linzhao, he went to Cambridge University in the United Kingdom to study theoretical physics with theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking. He mainly studied the very early universe. He received a doctorate from Cambridge University in 1984, and his doctoral thesis was titled "Cosmological models and the inflationary universe".
Wu's dissertation on the dimensionality of space and time won the third prize in the 1985 Gravity Research Foundation dissertation competition.
In 2002, Wu established the Institute of Astrophysics at Zhejiang University of Technology.
Wu has translated Hawking's books into Chinese. In 2001, he translated "A Brief History of Time" and in 2011 he released a Chinese translation of "The Grand Design". When Hawking visited China in 1985, 2002 and 2006 Wu served as his interpreter.

</doc>
<doc id="56839949" url="?curid=56839949" title="Katarze (album)">
Katarze (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56839958" url="?curid=56839958" title="Nicky Morris">
Nicky Morris

Nicola Morris (born 13 March 1962) is an English former middle and long-distance runner. After winning the 1989 AAA Indoor Championships 3000 metres title, she went on to win a silver medal in the 3000m at the 1989 European Indoor Championships, and to finish fifth at the 1989 World Indoor Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56839972" url="?curid=56839972" title="1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 15th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Gizi Farkas and Helen Elliot defeated Pinkie Barnes and Joan Crosby in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56839976" url="?curid=56839976" title="Into the Universe">
Into the Universe


</doc>
<doc id="56839978" url="?curid=56839978" title="Voyeur (film)">
Voyeur (film)

Voyeur is a 2017 American documentary film directed by Myles Kane and Josh Koury and starring Gay Talese and Gerald Foos. It globally premiered as a Netflix Original documentary film in December 2017.
Synopsis.
Journalism icon Gay Talese reports on Gerald Foos, the owner of a motel in Aurora, Colorado, who allegedly secretly watched his guests with the aid of specially designed ceiling vents, peering from an "observation platform" he built in the motel's attic.
Reception.
Critical reviews have been mostly positive. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an 82% approval rating, based on 28 reviews with an average rating of 6.5/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Absorbing, unpredictable, and overall compelling, "Voyeur" is a singularly unusual — and utterly memorable — documentary experience." Charles Bramesco wrote in "Vulture", "Their documentary forms a sharp image of the thornier side to investigative journalism". Jordon Hoffman in "Vanity Fair" called it "a marvelous documentary" and said the film was "packed beyond vacancy with discussions of weighty topics like authorial intent, truth in journalism, and media manipulation." "IndieWire" had a more critical review, writing ""Voyeur" is so eager to tell a good story that it tells the wrong one".

</doc>
<doc id="56839984" url="?curid=56839984" title="Banchi Hanuse">
Banchi Hanuse

Banchi Hanuse is a Canadian indigenous filmmaker.
Early life and education.
Hanuse holds a Bachelor of Arts in First Nations Studies from the University of British Columbia. She currently resides in Bella Coola.
Hanuse has worked at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as a production assistant and project coordinator. Her most well known projects at the NFB include the "Finding Dawn," directed by Christine Welsh and Our World, a digital storytelling workshop for remote Indigenous communities.
Haunse also helped found Nuxalk Radio, a radio station based out of the Nuxalk village of Q'umk'uts' (Bella Coola).
Career.
Work.
"Cry Rock," Hanuse' most well known cinematic work, premiered at the National Geographic All Roads Film Festival. "Cry Rock" is a film documenting the life of Hanuse's grandmother, one of the few remaining speakers of the Nuxalk language in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56839991" url="?curid=56839991" title="Andrew Hunter (athlete)">
Andrew Hunter (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56839997" url="?curid=56839997" title="The Punjab Anand Karaj Bill 2017">
The Punjab Anand Karaj Bill 2017


</doc>
<doc id="56840018" url="?curid=56840018" title="Sinking of the Teleorman">
Sinking of the Teleorman

On October 31, 1912, the longboat Teleorman, a Romanian Navy vessel, was traveling on the Danube from Călărași to Ostrov. On board were 44 border guards stationed at Predeal, on the frontier with Austria-Hungary. In addition, a civilian mechanic, a stoker, a corporal and two sergeants were on the boat. The Teleorman sank upon reaching a bend in the Borcea, the Danube channel at Călărași. This occurred because the boat was too full and listed to one side at the turn. The troops were thrown to that side, causing the boat to overturn and sink. The boat was located, and telegrams requesting divers were sent to Giurgiu and Constanța. The navy sergeant commanding the vessel was rescued, as were a border guard sergeant, three soldiers and two sailors; 44 died.

</doc>
<doc id="56840019" url="?curid=56840019" title="Joar Leifseth Ulsom">
Joar Leifseth Ulsom

Joar Leifseth Ulsom (born 1987) is a Norwegian dog musher.
He was born in Mo i Rana in the county of Nordland.
In March 2018 he won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="56840023" url="?curid=56840023" title="Scientology.tv">
Scientology.tv


</doc>
<doc id="56840027" url="?curid=56840027" title="WitchBrook">
WitchBrook


</doc>
<doc id="56840029" url="?curid=56840029" title="Scientology TV">
Scientology TV


</doc>
<doc id="56840054" url="?curid=56840054" title="Chasmatonotus atripes">
Chasmatonotus atripes

Chasmatonotus atripes is a species of midge in the family Chironomidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56840062" url="?curid=56840062" title="Armée Indigène">
Armée Indigène

The Indigenous Army (), also known as the Army of Saint-Domingue (), was the moniker bestowed to the coalition of anti-slavery rebels who fought in the Haitian Revolution. Encompassing both black slaves and affranchis (black and mulatto freedmen alike), the rebels were not officially titled the Armée indigène until January 1803, under the leadership of then-general Jean-Jacques Dessalines. Predated by insurrectionists such as François Mackandal, Vincent Ogé and Dutty Boukman, the rebellion would become organized and consolidated under the leadership of Toussaint Louverture; succeeded by Dessalines. The now full-fledged fighting force would utilize their sheer manpower and strategic capacity to overwhelm French troops, ensuring the Haitian Revolution as the most successful of its kind.
Etymology.
Despite its name, the moniker had no relation to the indigenous populations of Hispaniola, as the native Taíno no longer existed in any discernible number at the advent of the Haitian Revolution. Rather, the word "indigène" was used in French as a euphemism for non-white (cf. "indigénat").
Pre-Haitian Revolution.
In the late 18th century and early 19th century, the French colony of Saint-Domingue; later established as Haiti post-revolution, was founded on the western half of the island of Hispaniola in the Caribbean. An agriculturally potent landmass, the colony was regarded as a highly valuable asset to France and the shining star of its imperial crown, notably producing most of the world's sugar and coffee by the 1780s. A forced labor plantation economy, historians denote that the chattel slavery established within the colony was remarkably brutal with torture being commonplace. Disease such as yellow fever was epidemically prevalent contributing to the significantly high slave mortality rate. In efforts to save money, some plantation owners hastened the death of sickly slaves through intentional starvation, aware that replacements would undoubtedly be shipped to the colony. Enforced by the Code Noir, it was under these cruel living conditions that the slaves would inevitably conspire to revolt, eventually forming the Armée Indigène. Enveloped in misery and inhumane treatment, many slaves found solace in Vodou, though always in a conciliatory fashion as the practice was explicitly banned by plantation owners. Despite their free status, the gens de couleur were not safe from the discrimination that resulted from their skin color; petits blancs (poor whites) were unable to overcome the held resentment towards them because of their wealth and power gained by the ability to buy other slaves.
In 1789, The Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen gave hope to the gens de couleur that they would have better living conditions and rights that they did not have, especially now that France would look at every citizen equally, regardless of position or race[7]. However, the vague interpretation of the Declaration would leave the gens de couleur unchanged in terms of social position; in fact, the grand blancs would take advantage of the Declaration and use it to gain independence from trade regulations. In addition, slavery was not officially abolished. Since the 1780s, free men of color such as Julien Raimond and Vincent Oge had tried to get free people of color the rights that belonged to them by representing the colonies in the National Assembly. One of these rights was the right to vote; however, the free people of color were still denied of this right. With 300 armed gens de couleur and affranchis, Vincent Oge led an insurrection, which attempted to disarm the white men of Grande-Rivière[1][8]. Taking place in 29 October 1790, this event became known as the Oge Rebellion, which ended up in a failure. Oge and his rebels were executed on the wheel, and his barbaric death would cause even more tension amongst the free people of color and eventually the enslaved, who already had the mindset of revolution[1][8].
Haitian Revolution.
The wealthy gen de couleur were given citizenship in May 1791, which caused tension between them and the grands blancs, and as a result, fighting broke out between the two groups. Because of this, the poorer African Americans like the slaves were also resentful of grands blancs, who were in the way of what was the beginning of equality for everyone in Saint-Domingue. The first rebellion broke out in August 1791, when religious Voodoo priest Dutty Boukman ordered the slaves to attack Bois Caïman[4]. While they were seeking their rights as Frenchmen, the slaves also engaged in acts of cruelty, such as rape and murder against the white plantation owners. In a couple of weeks, the number of slaves participating in the rebellion was over 100,000. By 1792, a third of Saint-Domingue was under the control of the slaves, and France was ready to quell the rebellion[9]. They gave political rights to the gen de couleur, and sent Léger-Félicité Sonthonax to Saint-Domingue as its new governor; he was a man against slavery and the plantation owners[4]. While all of this was happening, Toussaint Louverture was training his own army in the ways of guerilla warfare, and helping the Spanish, who declared war against France in 1793; various outside powers assisted the Haitian insurgents during the early years of the revolution in hopes that they could take over Saint-Domingue from the French amidst the confusion of the French Revolutionary Wars. Louverture, alongside Dessalines and his army, would go back to the French in 1794, a while after France abolished slavery in the colonies [1][2]. Later, Louverture would establish a Haitian constitution and declare himself governor for life, but Napoleon Bonaparte did not accept this claim, and locked up Louverture, where he would die in prison[1][2]. In 1803. Dessalines took over, and by then, the army that fought in the Haitian Revolution was renamed as the Armée Indigène. Saint-Domingue's flag changed to a red and blue flag with the slogan “Liberte a la Mort” (Liberty or Death) in white lettering [3]. Bonaparte would try to reestablish the slave regime by sending general Charles Leclerc to Saint-Domingue, but were decisively crushed by the military superiority of the Armée Indigène, though racist historians unwilling to accept this stunning fact claimed it was because of an outbreak of yellow fever[4][10]. Because of this, the Armée Indigène was now known as the army that freed Saint-Domingue.
Casualties and Lasting Impact.
While the actions of the Armée Indigène were fueled by Enlightenment principles that advocated for the equality of all Frenchmen, the Haitian Revolution had many casualties; both sides suffered losses from their own violence. The Haitians suffered about 200,000 casualties, while their French opponents suffered tens of thousands of casualties, mostly to yellow fever. Dessalines would later be known for the 1804 massacre of the French, which lasted for 2 months and even affected innocents like women and children.
However, despite the violence that occurred, the actions of the Armée Indigène in the Haitian Revolution would serve as inspiration to the slaves in the United States, as Haiti would finally be recognized by France in 1825, and later by the United States, in 1862[10].

</doc>
<doc id="56840063" url="?curid=56840063" title="La Bourgogne disaster">
La Bourgogne disaster


</doc>
<doc id="56840070" url="?curid=56840070" title="Chasmatonotus">
Chasmatonotus

Chasmatonotus is a genus of midges in the family Chironomidae. There are about 14 described species in "Chasmatonotus".
Species.
These 14 species belong to the genus "Chasmatonotus":

</doc>
<doc id="56840071" url="?curid=56840071" title="Italian submarine Enrico Toti">
Italian submarine Enrico Toti

Enrico Toti this name has been borne by at least two ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56840082" url="?curid=56840082" title="CCRU">
CCRU


</doc>
<doc id="56840083" url="?curid=56840083" title="Amphipyra brunneoatra">
Amphipyra brunneoatra

Amphipyra brunneoatra is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae (the owlet moths). It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Amphipyra brunneoatra" is 9641.

</doc>
<doc id="56840085" url="?curid=56840085" title="Barrel-proof">
Barrel-proof


</doc>
<doc id="56840090" url="?curid=56840090" title="Hadena ectypa">
Hadena ectypa

Hadena ectypa, known generally as the campion coronet or creeping lady's tress, is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Hadena ectypa" is 10316.

</doc>
<doc id="56840099" url="?curid=56840099" title="Souk El Hboub">
Souk El Hboub

Souk El Hboub ( Arabic : سوق الحبوب ) is one of the oldest souks of the medina of Sfax , more specifically the souks of Bab Jebli.
History.
Originally, the souk was called the Souk of Food and later on it was changed to the Souk of Blessings before it was decided that it should be called Souk El Hboub.
The oldest part of the souk is Ahmed Bey's yard which is situated in the east of the medina, and has the Sallemi path or the 'Leader's path' as its branches, while it is boarded from the west by an alley called 'Zuqaq el Marr'.
There were also some warehouses in the souk for selling grains, and right in its center, the seller sets up El Msab.
El Msab is considered as a funnel basically, that has a huge size and is made out of wood. It is put over some branches of wood called Coffins.
Localization.
Souk El Hboub has kept its architecture and its main role until the late nineteenth century when its location was changed in several phases: first, it was moved out of the medina next to the southern fence where the artistic institute was located. Then, it took over the spot of Souk El Mahsoulat. Afterwards, it was moved next to the northern part of the mure. Currently, Souk El Hboub is located in the eastern part of Sfax at the beginning of Mahdia Road.

</doc>
<doc id="56840104" url="?curid=56840104" title="Souk El Omrane">
Souk El Omrane

Souk El Omrane (Arabic : سوق العمران ) is one of the markets of Bab Jebli in the medina of Sfax.
Localization.
The souk was located right next to the path that passes from the west of the medina.
History.
Souk El Omrane was originally a grave yard that was later on transformed to a warehouse for graves called as "The Hotel Of Coffins".
In 1949, the Islamic Association of Conserving Graveyards transformed it into a souk specialized in selling grains and oils. All of the souk's income were dedicated for the restoration of the graveyard's fences.

</doc>
<doc id="56840110" url="?curid=56840110" title="Calobatina geometra">
Calobatina geometra

Calobatina geometra is a species of stilt-legged flies in the family Micropezidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56840116" url="?curid=56840116" title="Calobatina">
Calobatina

Calobatina is a genus of stilt-legged flies in the family Micropezidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56840126" url="?curid=56840126" title="Ccru">
Ccru


</doc>
<doc id="56840129" url="?curid=56840129" title="Brachinus fumans">
Brachinus fumans

Brachinus fumans, the American bombardier beetle, is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840136" url="?curid=56840136" title="Acalypta cooleyi">
Acalypta cooleyi

Acalypta cooleyi, or Cooley's tingid, is a species of lace bug in the family Tingidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China), North America, and Southern Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="56840138" url="?curid=56840138" title="Halit Deringör">
Halit Deringör

Halit Deringör (17 July 1922 – 14 March 2018) was a Turkish footballer, who spent his entire playing career with Fenerbahçe in Turkey. His sportsmanship and passion for the game, made him one of the most iconic players in the history of the club.
Professional career.
Deringör begun football as a child. He caught measles, and was kept indoors for 40 days with only a football to play with. He joined the Fenerbahçe youth academy in 1937, and in 1942 joined the senior team. He only played for Fenerbahçe throughout his playing career, finishing his career with 67 goals in 193 games.
International career.
Deringör represented the Turkey national football team 5 times, scoring twice. He made his debut for Turkey in a 3–1 friendly win over Greece on 23 April 1948. He scored his first goal in a friendly 6-1 win over Iran on 28 May 1950.
Personal life.
After his playing career, Deringör became a sports writer and wrote articles for Cumhuriyet for 20 years. He died on 14 March 2018, at the age of 95.
Honours.
Fenerbahçe

</doc>
<doc id="56840144" url="?curid=56840144" title="Cicurina brevis">
Cicurina brevis

Cicurina brevis is a species of araneomorph spider in the family Dictynidae. It is found in the USA and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56840147" url="?curid=56840147" title="NAIBER">
NAIBER

In economics, non-accelerating inflation buffer employment ratio (NAIBER) refers to a systemic proposal for an in-built inflation control mechanism devised by economists Bill Mitchell and Warren Mosler, and advocated by Modern Money Theory as replacement for NAIRU (non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment). The concept of NAIBER is related to the idea of a job guarantee aimed to create full employment and price stability, by having the state promise to hire unemployed workers as an employer of last resort (ELR).
Description.
If the Phillips curve displays hysteresis - that is, if episodes of high unemployment raise the NAIRU - the NAIRU analysis is especially problematic. This could happen, for example, if unemployed workers lose skills so that employers prefer to bid up of the wages of existing workers when demand increases, rather than hiring the unemployed. Economists as Abba Lerner and Hyman Minsky have argued that a similar effect can be achieved without the human costs of unemployment via a Job Guarantee (JG), where rather than being unemployed, those who cannot find work in the private sector should be employed by the government. This theory, and the policy of the JG replaces the NAIRU with the NAIBER (non-accelerating inflation buffer employment ratio).
The "buffer employment ratio" (BER) is the ratio of JG employment to total employment. The BER conditions the overall rate of wage demands. When the BER is high, real wage demands will be correspondingly lower. If inflation exceeds the government's announced target, tighter fiscal and monetary policy would be triggered to increase the BER, which entails workers transferring from the inflating sector to the fixed price JG sector. Ultimately, this reduces the inflation spiral. So instead of a buffer stock of unemployed being used to discipline the distributional struggle, the JG policy achieves this via compositional shifts in employment. Replacing the current "non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment" (NAIRU), the BER that results in stable inflation is called the "non-accelerating inflation buffer employment ratio" (NAIBER). It is a full employment steady state JG level, which is dependent on a range of factors, such as the path of the economy.

</doc>
<doc id="56840154" url="?curid=56840154" title="Brachypnoea texana">
Brachypnoea texana

Brachypnoea texana is a species of leaf beetle. It is found in North America. It was first described by the American entomologist Charles Frederic August Schaeffer in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="56840161" url="?curid=56840161" title="Brachypnoea">
Brachypnoea

Brachypnoea is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is mostly found in the Neotropical realm, though there are also eight known species in the Nearctic realm.
The genus was originally named "Noda", named by Chevrolat in Dejean's Catalogue in 1836. However, this was preoccupied by "Noda" Schellenberg, 1803, a genus in Diptera. Two replacement names were made for "Noda": "Brachypnoea", by Gistel in 1848, and "Nodonota" by Édouard Lefèvre in 1885. Since "Brachypnoea" was published first, it has priority over "Nodonota".
Species.
These species belong to the genus "Brachypnoea":
Species moved to "Dryadomolpus":
Synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="56840168" url="?curid=56840168" title="Oropus cavicauda">
Oropus cavicauda

Oropus cavicauda is a species of ant-loving beetle in the family Staphylinidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840170" url="?curid=56840170" title="Rock Hill Farms Single-Barrel">
Rock Hill Farms Single-Barrel


</doc>
<doc id="56840175" url="?curid=56840175" title="Tabanus sparus">
Tabanus sparus

Tabanus sparus is a species of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.
Subspecies.
These two subspecies belong to the species "Tabanus sparus":

</doc>
<doc id="56840178" url="?curid=56840178" title="Thermostad">
Thermostad

A thermostad is a homogeneous layer of oceanic waters in terms of temperature, it is defined as a relative minimum of the vertical temperature gradient.

</doc>
<doc id="56840180" url="?curid=56840180" title="Rhadine lindrothi">
Rhadine lindrothi

Rhadine lindrothi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840185" url="?curid=56840185" title="Non-accelerating inflation buffer employment ratio">
Non-accelerating inflation buffer employment ratio


</doc>
<doc id="56840189" url="?curid=56840189" title="Reuteria fuscicornis">
Reuteria fuscicornis

Reuteria fuscicornis is a species of plant bug in the family Miridae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840193" url="?curid=56840193" title="Reuteria">
Reuteria

Reuteria is a genus of plant bugs in the family Miridae. There are about 15 described species in "Reuteria".
Species.
These 15 species belong to the genus "Reuteria":

</doc>
<doc id="56840204" url="?curid=56840204" title="Ormiscus sextuberculatus">
Ormiscus sextuberculatus

Ormiscus sextuberculatus is a species of fungus weevil in the family Anthribidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840206" url="?curid=56840206" title="Amy and the Orphans">
Amy and the Orphans

Amy and the Orphans is a 2018 play by Lindsey Ferrentino. The play officially opened Off-Broadway at Roundabout Theatre Company's Laura Pels Theatre on March 1, 2018.
The play is about three adult siblings, one with Down syndrome, re-uniting for their father's funeral. The original production featured: Vanessa Aspillaga as Kathy, Jamie Brewer as Amy, Josh McDermitt as Bobby, Mark Blum as Jacob, Diane Davis as Sarah, and Debra Monk as Maggie. It was directed by Scott Ellis.
Ferrentino was inspired to write the play by her aunt who has Down syndrome.
Jamie Brewer won the 2018 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play.
Netflix will adapt the play into a feature film which is also written by Ferrentino.

</doc>
<doc id="56840210" url="?curid=56840210" title="Frontiers in Applied Mathematics">
Frontiers in Applied Mathematics


</doc>
<doc id="56840211" url="?curid=56840211" title="Ormiscus">
Ormiscus

Ormiscus is a genus of fungus weevils in the family Anthribidae. There are at least 60 described species in "Ormiscus".
Species.
These 60 species belong to the genus "Ormiscus":

</doc>
<doc id="56840212" url="?curid=56840212" title="Halit Deringor">
Halit Deringor


</doc>
<doc id="56840213" url="?curid=56840213" title="Anuththara Madawa">
Anuththara Madawa

Anuththara Madawa (born 3 April 1995) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Panadura Sports Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 15 December 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56840218" url="?curid=56840218" title="Zygaenodini">
Zygaenodini

Zygaenodini is a tribe of fungus weevils in the family Anthribidae. There are at least 3 genera and 20 described species in Zygaenodini.
Genera.
These three genera belong to the tribe Zygaenodini:

</doc>
<doc id="56840223" url="?curid=56840223" title="Otiorhynchus meridionalis">
Otiorhynchus meridionalis

Otiorhynchus meridionalis, the lilac root weevil, is a species of broad-nosed weevil in the family Curculionidae. It is found in North America. Lilac root wevils are shiny, brownish-black beetles, about with long snout (rostrum) and geniculate (elbowed) antennae. They are common landscape pests, feeding on lilac, euonymous and peonies.
Larvae feed on plant roots, while adult insects feed on leaves, eating only the edges in form of numerous U-shaped notches. They are commonly present on North American lilac, but seldom create lasting damage to the plant.
Adult insects are nocturnal. Like other root weevils ("O. ovatus", "O. rugostriatus" and "O. sulcatus"), they often wander into households during hot summer months in search for shade and moisture. Although harmless to humans, pets and furnishings, they pose a nuisance. Treatment with pyrethroid-based insecticides is recommended only in cases of severe infestations, and occasional bug is best tolerated or removed mechanically.

</doc>
<doc id="56840226" url="?curid=56840226" title="Platygaster rubi">
Platygaster rubi

Platygaster rubi is a species of parasitoid wasp in the family Platygastridae.

</doc>
<doc id="56840233" url="?curid=56840233" title="Neoascia metallica">
Neoascia metallica

Neoascia metallica is a species of syrphid fly in the family Syrphidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56840239" url="?curid=56840239" title="Aspisoma ignitum">
Aspisoma ignitum

Aspisoma ignitum is a species of firefly in the family Lampyridae. It is found in the Caribbean, Central America, North America, and South America. Its presence is uncertain in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56840242" url="?curid=56840242" title="Aspisoma">
Aspisoma

Aspisoma is a genus of fireflies in the family Lampyridae. There are at least 70 described species in "Aspisoma".
Species.
These 71 species belong to the genus "Aspisoma":

</doc>
<doc id="56840247" url="?curid=56840247" title="Wadmadani">
Wadmadani


</doc>
<doc id="56840250" url="?curid=56840250" title="30th National Geographic Bee">
30th National Geographic Bee

The 30th annual National Geographic Bee was held in Washington, D.C. and was hosted by Mo Rocca. It is sponsored by the National Geographic Society. The State Bees were held on April 6, where the 54 finalists were determined. The 2018 National Geographic Bee champion was Venkat Ranjan of California. 
State Bees.
On April 6, 2018, the National Geographic State Bees were held across the 50 states, Washington, D.C., the Atlantic Territories, the Pacific Territories, and the Department of Defense. Fifty-four State or Territory level Champions were determined. In 2018, the prize for winning the state bee has been raised, as $200 is now given to the winner instead of $100, the old prize. The winners have also received a National Geographic Visual Atlas of the World, Second Edition. Second and third place winners received $150 and $100, respectively. The state preliminary rounds (there were 8 total) consisted of rounds about U.S. geography, international geography, , national birds, protecting the environment, Weird but True, and a “GeoChallenge”. The GeoChallenge was a True/False round where a statement would be made about a U.S. state’s population, GDP, or size, comparing it to another country, and the student would have to say if it was True or False. For example, one question was “Virginia has a higher GDP than Portugal, True or False?”-the answer is "true." All 54 regional champions received an all-expenses paid trip to Washington, D.C. to compete at the national competition from May 20-23.
Preliminary Rounds.
The 54 state champions competed in the preliminary rounds held from May 21-22, 2018. This part of the contest consisted of 10 oral rounds as well as a written portion.
The top 10 contestants with the highest scores in the preliminary rounds competed in the final round, which was held on May 23, 2018. Venkat Ranjan from California was the champion, with Anoushka Buddhikot from New Jersey coming 2nd, and Vishal Sareddy from Georgia placing third.

</doc>
<doc id="56840251" url="?curid=56840251" title="Cydnoides albipennis">
Cydnoides albipennis

Cydnoides albipennis is a species of ebony bug in the family Thyreocoridae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56840253" url="?curid=56840253" title="American bombardier beetle">
American bombardier beetle


</doc>
<doc id="56840255" url="?curid=56840255" title="Saranga Rajaguru">
Saranga Rajaguru

Saranga Rajaguru (born 12 November 1992) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Nondescripts Cricket Club in the 2013–14 Premier Trophy on 31 January 2014. Prior to his first-class debut, he was part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2010 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="56840274" url="?curid=56840274" title="Chuang Che">
Chuang Che

Chuang Che (; born 1934) is a Chinese artist. His work is largely abstract, combining influences of his Chinese heritage with Abstract Expressionism.
Early life.
Chuang Che was born in Beijing, where his father was working as a scholar and calligrapher at the National Palace Museum. It was his father who introduced him to calligraphy, a medium which later had a profound influence on his art. In his twenties, Chuang studied fine arts at National Taiwan Normal University, where he learned about Eastern painting traditions. Che felt that there was more that could be brought to Eastern painting, and so when he graduated in 1958, he joined several other artists, including Liu Guosong, Fong Chung-Ray, and Sun Duoci, and became one of the first members of the Fifth Moon Group (which had been founded two years earlier). The group sought to modernize Chinese art, making it contemporary and straying from the old traditions. These ideals appealed to Chuang, who wanted to add something modern to the Eastern sensibilities he had been taught first by his father and then in school.
Artistic career.
In 1966, Chuang was awarded a John D. Rockefeller III Foundation travel grant, which allowed him to move to the United States and study art. He first moved to Iowa, studying at the University of Iowa. However, he shortly after moved to New York, becoming the assistant of the sculptor Seymour Lipton. In New York, Che was surrounded by contemporary artists, exposing him to Western painting styles - the most popular of the time being Abstract Expressionism. He was inspired by these contemporary styles, and decided to have his art act as a sort of confluence of East and West. He began painting works that were inspired both by his traditional Eastern education, often evoking calligraphy, and by the bold abstractions of Abstract Expressionism that he encountered in New York. His work was successful, catching the eye of many museums and galleries. He showed his work around the U.S. and Europe, and in 1992 a Retrospective Exhibition for him was held at the Taipei Fine Arts Museum.
Chuang lives in New York, working in his studio in the East Village. His work has been shown as part of Asia Week New York.
External links.
Galerie Sabine Vazieux

</doc>
<doc id="56840275" url="?curid=56840275" title="Cydnoides">
Cydnoides

Cydnoides is a genus of ebony bugs in the family Thyreocoridae. There are about five described species in "Cydnoides".
Species.
These five species belong to the genus "Cydnoides":

</doc>
<doc id="56840278" url="?curid=56840278" title="A. ha">
A. ha


</doc>
<doc id="56840282" url="?curid=56840282" title="Martin Johnson House">
Martin Johnson House

The Martin Johnson House, at 45 W. 400 South in Glenwood, Utah, was built in c.1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Martin Johnson was born in Denmark in 1861, came to Utah with his parents in 1866, and probably built this house in preparation for his marriage; he was married in 1884.
The house is a one-and-a-half-story adobe structure laid out in a modified pair-house plan. It has Gothic Revival-style cross gable above the main entrance, though not symmetrically placed. It has decorative details including Doric columns on its porch and scroll-cut bargeboards.

</doc>
<doc id="56840287" url="?curid=56840287" title="Concerning the Highest State of the Republic and the New Island Utopia">
Concerning the Highest State of the Republic and the New Island Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840291" url="?curid=56840291" title="Fokien">
Fokien


</doc>
<doc id="56840292" url="?curid=56840292" title="On the Best State of a Commonwealth and on the New Island of Utopia">
On the Best State of a Commonwealth and on the New Island of Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840293" url="?curid=56840293" title="Gerhard Häge">
Gerhard Häge

Gerhard Häge (also known as Haege; 1928/29–1970) was a West German rower. Together with Thomas Schneider, he won the first European medal for the once dominant rowing nation after the second world war.
Häge was born in 1928 or 1929. Rowing trainer Ludwig Marquardt discovered the young rower from Ulm and got him to join the Ruderverein "Neptun" in Konstanz. For the 1954 rowing season, Marquardt looked for another rower to form a double scull boat with Häge and found Schneider from the Rudergesellschaft Gießen. The scullers won a regatta in Hanover, a three-nation contest in Klagenfurt, and then the German national championships in Hanover. This qualified them for the 1954 European Rowing Championships, held shortly later in Amsterdam, where they won gold in the double sculls. This was the first medal for Germany after the war and was thus the reason for much celebration for the once dominant rowing nation. In December 1954, Häge and Schneider received the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt, Germany's highest sports award, from the nation's president Theodor Heuss.
At the 1955 German national championships in Berlin, Schneider and Häge were beaten by Manfred Rulffs and Klaus von Fersen.
Häge later married Margret, another rower from his club, and they had four daughters. On a holiday in Spain in 1970, a tyre of their car blew out and they fell off a bridge. Häge died in the crash, but his wife and their four daughters survived.

</doc>
<doc id="56840297" url="?curid=56840297" title="Concerning the Best Condition of the Commonwealth and the New Island of Utopia">
Concerning the Best Condition of the Commonwealth and the New Island of Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840298" url="?curid=56840298" title="Campion coronet">
Campion coronet


</doc>
<doc id="56840299" url="?curid=56840299" title="Creeping lady's tress">
Creeping lady's tress


</doc>
<doc id="56840302" url="?curid=56840302" title="On the Best Kind of a Republic and About the New Island of Utopia">
On the Best Kind of a Republic and About the New Island of Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840307" url="?curid=56840307" title="About the Best State of a Commonwealth and the New Island of Utopia">
About the Best State of a Commonwealth and the New Island of Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840309" url="?curid=56840309" title="Domingo Pelliza">
Domingo Pelliza

Domingo Pelliza (c. 1700 – c. 1770) was a politician and merchant of Genoese ancestry. He held several council posts in the City Council of the Viceroyalty of Peru, serving as Alcalde (Mayor) of "Hermandad" and Mayordomo of Buenos Aires. 
Biography.
Domingo Pelliza was born in La Spezia, Genoa to Giuseppe Brignole and Maria Pelliza. He was married to Magdalena Comparetti on 10 October 1700 in the church of San Andres de Panigaglia in La Spezia. 
After the death of his first wife, Pelliza settled in Buenos Aires around 1738 and formed a family with María Rosa de Rubio y Rodriguez Carrillo, a woman from a well-known creole family. 
In 1747, he married María Thomasa de Morales, daughter of José de Morales and Dionisia de Gil. In 1749, he became Prior of the Third Order of Saint Dominic at the Saint Dominic Church in Buenos Aires. 
The Mayordomo of Buenos Aires was the person in charge of the administration of the local economy in colonial Argentina. In 1757, Domingo Pelliza was replaced by Justo de Robles. in 1766, Pelliza was appointed as alcalde of campaign, serving in the suburbs of Buenos Aires. 
In addition to carrying out police and militia tasks in the Río de la Plata, Pelliza also engaged in trade and agriculture, as he owned several lots of land and properties in Buenos Aires.
Descendents.
Pelliza and Comparetti produced a son, Juan Felix Pelliza Comparetti, who became the Captain of the Royal Army of Spain and Governor of the Castle of Alconchel in Murcia. Juan Felix married Maria de Videla y Correa de Saa of Mendoza City, the daughter of a prominent family.
Another of the Domingo Pelliza's sons, Antonio Pelliza de Morales, married María Lorenza de Acasuso, the granddaughter of Domingo de Acassuso, the founder of San Isidro.
Maria Magdalena Pelliza de Echeverria, the daughter of Capitan Felix Pelliza Comparetti and the granddaughter of Domingo Pelliza, became Dame of the Royal Order of Noble Dames of Queen Maria Luisa de Bourbon Parma, wife to Charles IV. Maria Magdalena married Brigadier General Jose Alvarez de Faria y Sanchez Zarzosa de Madrid. 
Pelliza's grandson Pedro Joseph Pelliza de Videla y Correa de Saa was a governor of Mendoza City from 1833 to 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="56840311" url="?curid=56840311" title="De optimo rei publicæ deque nova insula Utopia">
De optimo rei publicæ deque nova insula Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56840312" url="?curid=56840312" title="Nipuna Kariyawasam">
Nipuna Kariyawasam

Nipuna Kariyawasam (born 30 August 1991) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Moors Sports Club in the 2012–13 Premier Trophy on 1 February 2013. In April 2018, he was named in Kandy's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56840313" url="?curid=56840313" title="Lilac root weevil">
Lilac root weevil


</doc>
<doc id="56840318" url="?curid=56840318" title="Jesse B.Blayton">
Jesse B.Blayton


</doc>
<doc id="56840323" url="?curid=56840323" title="Gerhard Haege">
Gerhard Haege


</doc>
<doc id="56840328" url="?curid=56840328" title="Virgilio González">
Virgilio González


</doc>
<doc id="56840333" url="?curid=56840333" title="Frontiers in Diabetes">
Frontiers in Diabetes


</doc>
<doc id="56840334" url="?curid=56840334" title="Nelum Kumara">
Nelum Kumara

Nelum Kumara (born 12 March 1979) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Lankan Cricket Club in the 2005–06 Premier Trophy on 14 January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="56840335" url="?curid=56840335" title="The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1941">
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1941

This is a list of adult fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Fiction Best Seller list in 1941. When the list began in 1931 through 1941 it only reflected sales in the New York City area.
The two most popular books that year were "The Keys of the Kingdom", by A.J. Cronin, which held on top of the list for 16 weeks, and "This Above All" by Eric Knight, which was on top of the list for 15 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="56840340" url="?curid=56840340" title="1898 La Bourgogne disaster">
1898 La Bourgogne disaster


</doc>
<doc id="56840346" url="?curid=56840346" title="Jack Moore (preacher)">
Jack Moore (preacher)

Reverend Jack Moore (June 24, 1905 - November 18, 1975) was an American minister and home builder from Shreveport, Louisiana. He was the founding pastor of Life Tabernacle Church, as well as a Director and key supporter to Full Gospel Business Men’s International. He campaigned during the Healing Revival of the 1950s as a minister and manager for William Branham. He worked with and supported Gordon Lindsay to produce the "Voice of Healing" magazine which subsequently transitioned into Christ for the Nations in 1971. The library at Christ for the Nations Institute, Jack Moore Hall, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="56840358" url="?curid=56840358" title="Geeth Silva">
Geeth Silva

Geeth Silva (born 17 September 1984) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 17 August 2004, for Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2004 SLC Twenty20 Tournament. He made his first-class debut for Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2007–08 Premier Trophy on 18 January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="56840363" url="?curid=56840363" title="Franklin Pierce Adams">
Franklin Pierce Adams


</doc>
<doc id="56840366" url="?curid=56840366" title="Arthur Hewes House">
Arthur Hewes House

The Arthur Hewes House, at 811 St. Joe in Spearfish, South Dakota, was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
It is a two-and-a-half-story wood frame house on a stone foundation. It was deemed notable as "a good example of the Queen Anne style of architecture as popular in Spearfish, South Dakota, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries."
Arthur Hewes operated a general store in Spearfish from 1903 to 1921 or later.

</doc>
<doc id="56840367" url="?curid=56840367" title="Lost Property Office">
Lost Property Office


</doc>
<doc id="56840373" url="?curid=56840373" title="Italian submarine Nereide">
Italian submarine Nereide

Nereide was the name of at least two ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56840385" url="?curid=56840385" title="Supeshala Jayathilake">
Supeshala Jayathilake

Supeshala Jayathilake (born 3 April 1995) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club in the 2012–13 Premier Trophy on 1 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="56840392" url="?curid=56840392" title="Latin Catholic Diocese of Babylon">
Latin Catholic Diocese of Babylon


</doc>
<doc id="56840394" url="?curid=56840394" title="Batagai">
Batagai


</doc>
<doc id="56840396" url="?curid=56840396" title="Batagai crater">
Batagai crater


</doc>
<doc id="56840409" url="?curid=56840409" title="Dushan Hemantha">
Dushan Hemantha

Dushan Hemantha (born 24 May 1994) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Colts Cricket Club in the 2013–14 Premier Trophy on 21 February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56840413" url="?curid=56840413" title="Louvois (horse)">
Louvois (horse)

Louvois (1910 – 1927) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed very promising form as a two-year-old in 1912 when he won four races including the Dewhurst Stakes as well as finishing third in the Middle Park Plate. In the following spring he was placed first in the 2000 Guineas despite serious doubts about whether he had actually crossed the line in front, and was then awarded second place in an extremely controversial race for the Epsom Derby. He went on to win the Prince of Wales's Stakes and finish second in the Eclipse Stakes before running unplaced when favourite for the St Leger. After his retirement from racing he had some success as a breeding stallion.
Background.
Louvois was a bay horse with a narrow white blaze bred and owned by the financier Walter Raphael. The colt was sent into training with Dawson Waugh at his Somerville Lodge stable in Newmarket, Suffolk. Waugh had trained Raphael's filly Tagalie to win the Derby in 1912. Physically, Louvois was described as "not very impressive... built on slightly greyhound lines, tucked up and with a very light middle piece" but with a "very honest head".
His sire Isinglass was an outstanding racehorse who won the Triple Crown in 1893. The best of his other progeny included Cherry Lass and Glass Doll. Louvois' dam St Louvaine, who had been bought by Raphael in 1901 for 1200 guineas, 
also produced Louviers, who finished second in the 1909 Epsom Derby. She was a granddaughter of Ulster Queen whose other descendants included Cap and Bells II.
Racing career.
1912: two-year-old season.
Louvois began his racing career with an easy win against moderate opposition in the Khedive Plate at Newmarket Racecourse but in the Prince of Wales Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse in late July or early August when he failed to recover from a bad start and finished last of the four runners. His four remaining races were all at Newmarket in autumn. In early October he recorded two comfortable victories, beating Sun Yat in the Buckenham Stakes, before turning out again a day later to take the Boscawen Stakes. In the Middle Park Plate over six furlongs on 17 October Louvois finished third behind Craganour and Shogun, beaten six lengths by the winner. Two weeks later, ridden William Saxby he started at odds of 7/4 for the seven-furlong Dewhurst Stakes and won from Sanquhar with Rock Flint in third. After the race he was described as "an improving colt that is likely to develop into a stayer".
In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the year's best two-year-olds, Louvois was given a weight of 120 pounds, making him ten pounds inferior to the top-rated Craganour.
1913: three-year-old season.
In the spring of 1913 it was reported that Louvois had made exceptionally good progress over the winter. On 30 April, in front of a cowd which included King George V the colt stated a 25/1 outsider in a fifteen-runner field for the 105th running of the 2000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile course. Craganour, ridden by Saxby, started favourite ahead of Fairy King, with the other fancied runners were Sanquhar, Roseworthy, Bachelor's Wedding, Day Comet and Radiant. Ridden by the American jockey Johnny Reiff, Louvois tracked the leaders as Craganour set the pace, before making steady progress approaching the last quarter mile. In the final furlong Craganour appeared to be going very easily along the rail but Louvois maintained his run down the centre of the wide straight. The judge, a Mr Robinson, called Louvois the winner by a short head from Craganour, with the 50/1 outsider Meeting House two lengths back in third. The majority of the observers, however, disagreed with the judge verdict, believing that Craganour had won by about half a length, while others claimed that he was almost two lengths clear. It was suggested that the judge had been the victim of an "optical delusion".
On 21 May Louvois was moved up in distance for the Newmarket Stakes over ten furlongs in which he was ridden by Frank O'Neill, and ran third behind Craganour and Sun Yat in a race which reportedly saw a good deal of bumping and boring between the first three finishers. Despite his defeat Louvois was regarded as one of the leading contenders for the Epsom Derby, run over one and a half miles on 4 June. In another jockey change, Saxby rode Louvois while Reiff took the ride on the favoured Craganour. The race proved to be exceptionally rough and controversial one and ended in a six-horse "blanket finish" with Craganour, Aboyeur, Day Comet, Louvois, Great Sport and Nimbus all finishing within a length of each other. The racecourse judge called Craganour the winner from Aboyeur and Louvois, ignoring the third-placed Day Comet who had been blocked from his view by other horses. After an objection and an inquiry by the racecourse stewards, Craganour was disqualified and Louvois (who had been one of the chief sufferers from the barging in the straight) promoted to second.
Two weeks after his run at Epsom, Louvois contested the Prince of Wales's Stakes (then a race confined to three-year-olds and run over thirteen furlongs) at Royal Ascot and won at odds of 4/9. On 18 July the colt was matched against older horses in the Eclipse Stakes over ten furlongs at Sandown Park and finished second behind the four-year-old Tracery with Bachelor's Wedding in third. At Liverpool on 25 July Louvois finished third behind the four-year-olds Junior and Kettle Jack in the ten-furlong Atlantic Stakes. On 3 September he finished second to Roseworthy in the Breeders' St Leger over eleven furlongs at Derby Racecourse. A week later Louvois started 9/4 favourite for the St Leger over fourteen and a half furlongs at Doncaster Racecourse but after leading in the early stages, he dropped from contention in the straight and finished unplaced behind Night Hawk.
Louvois ended the season with earnings of £9,075, making him the fifth most financially successful horse of the year behind Jest, The Tetrarch, Tracery and Cantilever.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Louvois an "inferior" winner of the 2000 Guineas.
Stud record.
At the end of his racing career Louvois was retired to become a breeding stallion. The best of his offspring was probably St Louis, who won the 2000 Guineas in 1922. His last foals were born in 1927. Louvois died in March 1927 at the Lochbroom Stud, The Curragh, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="56840416" url="?curid=56840416" title="Pedro Pais de Almeida">
Pedro Pais de Almeida

Pedro Pais de Almeida is a lawyer and past president of the Union Internationale des Avocats. 
He is the current president of FALP - Federação dos Advogados de Língua Portuguesa (Federation of Portuguese Language Lawyers).
He graduated with a degree in law in 1990 at the Universidade Lusíada de Lisboa. In 1991, at the Lisbon Higher Institute of Management, he completed the General Course of Management in 1996, at the same institution and he finished his postgraduate course in taxation. He is an Attorney Specialist in Tax Law assigned by the Portuguese Bar Association. 
He was awarded the Medal of Honor from the Portuguese Bar Association on May 19, 2019. On February 15, 2019, he was awarded a Medal from the Bar Association of Barcelona.
External links.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pedropaisalmeida/
Career.
Partner with Abreu Advogados since 2008.
Founding Partner of PACSA – Henriques da Silva, Pais de Almeida, Corrêa de Sampaio &amp; Associados, Sociedade de Advogados RL (1996 - 2008).
President of Union Internationale des Avocats (UIA) from October 30, 2017 to November 2, 2018.
Elected President of Union Internationale des Avocats (UIA) (November 2016 until November 2017).
Vice-president of Union Internationale des Avocats (Union Internationale des Avocats) (2015-2016).
Member of UIA since 1995, where performed several positions: Director of Commissions of UIA (2010-2011); UIA Representative in International Legal Assistance Consortium (ILAC), since 2009; President of the Foreign Investments Commission of UIA (2006-2011); Vice-president of the Foreign Investments Commission of UIA (2004-2006).
Member of the Executive Committee and Portuguese Chapter Chair of the International Section of the New York State Bar Association (NYSBA), since 2006.
Chairman of the Advisory Board of Consulegis, EEIG (2013-2015).
Member of the Supervisory Board of IES – Instituto de Empreendorismo Social (Corporate social responsibility), since 2014.
President the Supervisory Board of IES, since July 2017.
Tax Arbitrator with CAAD – Centro de Arbitragem Administrativa (Centre of Administrative Arbitration), since 2011.
Board Member of APCF – Associação Portuguesa de Consultores Fiscais (Portuguese Association of Tax Consultants), having been Founding Member in 2011.
Chairman of the Supervisory Board (1998-2002) and Chairman of the Board of Directors (2003-2009) of a major Portuguese Charity entity for Homeless, CAIS – Associação de Solidariedade Social.
Candidate, as part of the list of MEP – Movimento Esperança Portugal, a Portuguese political party, in the European Parliament Elections (2009).
Author of several articles, publications and studies in the areas of Tax Law and other matters, and speaker at several conferences and courses.

</doc>
<doc id="56840428" url="?curid=56840428" title="Navantha Rathnayake">
Navantha Rathnayake

Navantha Rathnayake (born 9 February 1979) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Sri Lanka Army Sports Club in the 2006–07 Premier Trophy on 17 November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="56840430" url="?curid=56840430" title="2018 Super 8s">
2018 Super 8s


</doc>
<doc id="56840445" url="?curid=56840445" title="My Husband Oh Jak-doo">
My Husband Oh Jak-doo


</doc>
<doc id="56840451" url="?curid=56840451" title="East–west rail corridor, Australia">
East–west rail corridor, Australia


</doc>
<doc id="56840460" url="?curid=56840460" title="Nemanja R. Miletić">
Nemanja R. Miletić


</doc>
<doc id="56840463" url="?curid=56840463" title="Dennis H. Klatt">
Dennis H. Klatt

Dennis H. Klatt (March 31, 1938 – December 30, 1988) was an American researcher in speech and hearing science. Klatt was the pioneer of computerized speech synthesis and created an interface which allowed for speech for non-expert users for the first time. Prior to his work, non-verbal individuals would need specialist support to be able to speak at all. Stephen Hawking used a version of this speech synthesizer, based on Klatt's own voice, and which Hawking chose to keep even after others became available.
Biography.
Dennis Klatt was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on March 31, 1938. He received the B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering from Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana, in 1960 and 1961, respectively, and the Ph.D. degree in communication sciences from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, in 1964. He joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an assistant professor in 1965, becoming a Senior Research Scientist in 1978, and remained a member of the MIT faculty until his death. 
An author of more than 60 scientific papers, Klatt was awarded the Silver Medal in Speech Communication by the Acoustical Society of America for "fundamental and applied contributions to the synthesis and recognition of speech", and the John Price Wetherill Medal by the Franklin Institute "for the design of a machine that can articulate written language", both in 1987. 
Klatt developed a complete system for synthesis of speech from English text, and his research led to a detailed specification of rules for segmental durations in English. Throughout his career Klatt retained a keen interest in seeing the results of his work applied to the special needs of blind and other handicapped persons, such as his work on Stephen Hawking's voice synthesizer. He died in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on December 30, 1988, after a long struggle with cancer which also took his voice.

</doc>
<doc id="56840466" url="?curid=56840466" title="East-West rail corridor">
East-West rail corridor


</doc>
<doc id="56840467" url="?curid=56840467" title="Walsh Barn">
Walsh Barn

The Walsh Barn on the Lausser-Hayes Ranch near Spearfish, South Dakota was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It is located west of the junction of Upper Redwater Rd. and 104th Ave.
It is built of sandstone quarried from the Redwater River, which runs nearby. It was built "in 1907 by Irish immigrant Maurice Walsh, his wife Mary and their daughters Mary age 16, Nellie age 14, Florence age 10, and Margaret age 7 at the time." Walsh came to the Black Hills area during the 1876 gold rush.
It has features similar to German Grundscheier barns of the eastern Midwest and Eastern states.

</doc>
<doc id="56840469" url="?curid=56840469" title="Nemanja G. Miletić">
Nemanja G. Miletić


</doc>
<doc id="56840472" url="?curid=56840472" title="Direction (Slovakia)">
Direction (Slovakia)


</doc>
<doc id="56840476" url="?curid=56840476" title="Claus Bonderup">
Claus Bonderup

Claus Bonderup (born 14 November 1943) is a Danish architect and professor emeritus in architecture at Aalborg University. He has created a large number of edifices and designs as well as city plans. Among the most renowned are the Arctic Museum in Rovaniemi, Finland, the palace of the Kuwaiti Sheik Salkem Al-Ali Al-Sabah and Professor Bonderup’s own house in the dunes near the town of Blokhus in the northern part of Jutland. Designs by Claus Bonderup have also been used by companies such as Royal Copenhagen and Georg Jensen A/S. His works are represented in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
Following graduation from the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, School of Architecture in 1969, Claus Bonderup worked at architectural practices both in Denmark and abroad. In 1991 he married the painter and ceramic artist Anne Just, with whom he established the famous garden of Hune. Six years later, Claus Bonderup became a professor at Aalborg University, and has since become a visiting professor at universities in France, Germany, Norway and Finland.
Professor Bonderup has been awarded a number of prizes, including the industrial design competition at The Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and the Eckersberg Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="56840479" url="?curid=56840479" title="List of organizations described as Communist fronts by the US government">
List of organizations described as Communist fronts by the US government


</doc>
<doc id="56840489" url="?curid=56840489" title="Police Services Act of Ontario">
Police Services Act of Ontario


</doc>
<doc id="56840493" url="?curid=56840493" title="Competent person">
Competent person

A competent person is designated by a company to ensure that the company's health and safety responsibilities are being met. This may be a legal obligation required of the company, to ensure that the business understands, and can act on, the health and safety risks that might occur during their particular type of work.
United Kingdom.
The forerunner to the Competent Person Scheme in the UK was the 1991 Building Regulations Act, which enabled gas-heating appliance installers to self-certify that their work was safe and legal, rather than needing external checking. Then from 2002 to 2010, a series of Competent Person Schemes were implemented widely in the building sector to enable builders to self-certify that their work meets regulations in eighteen different fields. By 2019, an estimated 85% of all building work requiring the notification of building control bodies was self-certified, and therefore no longer subject to external inspection. In 2012, a UK government report found that 'although the reports received indicate that most schemes have been operating effectively and have proved to be a success, the latest report in 2009 found that some schemes were not complying fully with their conditions of authorisation or achieving a sufficiently high level of compliance with the Building Regulations'.
Recognition of competence is defined as requiring "sufficient training and experience or knowledge and other qualities" to be able to effectively oversee health and safety in the business, although specialised industries may have additional, more specific requirements.
For building trades, there are, as of February 2020, eighteen Competent Person Schemes including:
United States.
While the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) does not have specific standards about competent persons, several industry-specific standards do have requirements for the designated competent persons to follow. These standards address multiple aspects of construction, gear certification, longshoring, shipyards, as well as general industry.

</doc>
<doc id="56840504" url="?curid=56840504" title="Twenty-fourth Amendment to the Constitution of India">
Twenty-fourth Amendment to the Constitution of India


</doc>
<doc id="56840521" url="?curid=56840521" title="Simone Gandy">
Simone Gandy


</doc>
<doc id="56840525" url="?curid=56840525" title="Mediterranean cardinalfish">
Mediterranean cardinalfish


</doc>
<doc id="56840531" url="?curid=56840531" title="Age of Lone Wolf Terrorism">
Age of Lone Wolf Terrorism

Age of Lone Wolf Terrorism is a 2017 book about lone wolf terrorism co-authored by Mark Hamm, a criminologist at Indiana State University and Ramon Spaaij, a sociologist at Victoria University, Australia.
According to a review in Times Higher Education that described "Age of Lone Wolf Terrorism" as an "genuinely indispensable study of today's steadily increasing terrorist threat," the book's "pivotal contention" that the radicalization of lone wolf terrorists exhibits discernible patterns that include 
“the integration of personal and political grievances; an affinity with online sympathizers and/or extremist groups," and "triggering events that, oftentimes, cause a dramatic change in behavior”. 
Hamm and Spaaij constructed a database funded by the United States Department of Justice in which they identified 124 instances of lone wolf terrorist attacks in the United States between 1940 and 2016; the list includes "about" 30 planned attacks that are known not to have been carrier out, or that have been identified as FBI sting operations, or as hoaxes. Hamm and Spaaij defined lone wolf terrorism narrowly; they required an attacker to be politically motivated, this excluded, for example, mass shooters such as Adam Lanza, whose motive appeared to be entirely personal. And they had to have acted entirely alone, excluding cases like the 2015 San Bernardino attack carried out by a married couple, and the Boston Marathon bombing, carried out by a pair of brothers. The tightness of this definition was widely criticized. 
Findings.
Hamm and Spaaij use data they compiled, and examinations of the lone wolf phenomenon by other researches to reach a series of conclusions.
They conclude that lone wolf terrorist attacks are becoming more common in the United States, and that casualty tolls, both of injuries and of deaths, has risen steadily over the decades since 1940, and risen sharply in the 2010s. They note that the lone wolf terrorist who killed the highest number of victims was Joseph Paul Franklin who carried out a series of attacks in which he targeted black and Jewish Americans. They also show that in recent years lone wolves have more frequently targeted uniformed police and military personnel.
They conclude that although as of 2018, white supremacist ideologies continue to account for the largest share of attacks, but that jihadist motivation has risen rapidly.
They conclude that lone wolf terrorists are usually unemployed, single, white males with a criminal record who tend to be older, to have less education, and more likely to have a record of mental illness than other violent criminals. In particularly, they demonstrate that in recent years such recent attacks have followed incidents in which the lone wolf uses physical violence against women.
Their data demonstrates that although explosives and guns were the most common weapons used by lone wolves from the 1940s through the 1980s, the use of guns has skyrocketed and they are now the weapon most commonly employed by lone wolf terrorists.
They show that most lone wolves tell someone that they intend to carry out an attack. From the 1940s through the end of the century 84% of lone wolves did so, since 76% have done so.
Criticism of law enforcement.
Hamm and Spaaij single out FBI sting operations for special criticism. Book reviewer Kris Millett praises their "devastatingly effective" use of data to "argue that those captured in the sting operations did not display the personal characteristics common to the radicalisation of lone wolf terrorists."
Reception.
Reviewer James Mills criticizes Hamm and Spaaij for using narrow criteria that eliminate lone wolf pairs such as Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik and the Tsarnaev brothers from inclusion on their list, even though they meet the definition in all other ways. Mills also criticized their argument that lone wolf terrorism is preventable since “violent radicalization is a social process involving behavior that can be observed, comprehended and modeled,” arguing that the influences on human action are complex and not easily modeled and predicted, while praising the author's data gathering.
Reviewer Joshua Sinai points out that lone wolves may regard themselves as members of terrorist organizations on the grounds that they are carrying out orders broadcast on the internet by the leaders of such organizations, and argues that, pace Hamm and Spaaij, FBI "sting" operations have been effective in preventing terrorism, but praises the author's six-part model (p. 159 in book,) of personal and political grievance, affinity with online sympathizers 
or an extremist group, enabler, broadcasting intent, triggering event, and engaging in terrorism (p. 159).

</doc>
<doc id="56840535" url="?curid=56840535" title="Amia imberbis">
Amia imberbis


</doc>
<doc id="56840544" url="?curid=56840544" title="Wendy Griffiths">
Wendy Griffiths


</doc>
<doc id="56840558" url="?curid=56840558" title="Military demarcation line">
Military demarcation line


</doc>
<doc id="56840571" url="?curid=56840571" title="Transgender Education Network of Texas">
Transgender Education Network of Texas


</doc>
<doc id="56840574" url="?curid=56840574" title="Tommy Pico">
Tommy Pico

Tommy Pico is an indigenous (Kumeyaay Nation) writer, poet, and podcast host, born December 13, 1983.
Early life.
Pico grew up on the Viejas Reservation of the Kumeyaay nation, near San Diego. His father was a reservation chairman. Pico started writing comics at age 5, and as a teenager created zines and wrote poetry.
He attended Sarah Lawrence College, where he studied pre-med with the intention of returning to the reservation as a doctor. He decided not to pursue medicine and moved to New York City, where he worked as a barista in Williamsburg and started writing poetry.
As of 2018, Pico lives in Bushwick, Brooklyn.
Work.
In 2016, Pico's first book "IRL" was published by the small press Birds, LLC. "IRL" is written as one long text message, drawing on the epic tradition. "IRL" received critical acclaim and was included on best-of-the-year lists for 2016. In 2017, it received the Brooklyn Public Library Literary Prize.
Pico's second book, "Nature Poem" was published in 2017 by Tin House. Pico again used the epic format, in this case to explore and challenge stereotypes of Native Americans as "noble savages" who are one with nature. "Nature Poem" also received critical acclaim. Pico followed "Nature Poem" with "Junk" in 2018 and "Feed" in 2019. Pico considers his four books as a series called the "Teebs tetralogy".
Pico co-curates the live reading series Poets With Attitude with Morgan Parker, and he is the co-host of the podcast "Food 4 Thot", a podcast about queer identity, race, sex, relationships, literature, and pop culture. He is also the co-host of the podcast "Scream, Queen!" with Drea Washington. "Scream, Queen" discusses marginalized people and horror films.
In 2018, Pico was commissioned to create soundscapes for New York City's High Line park and a walking tour of Seattle for Vignettes Gallery and Gramma Press.
He has written for TV shows including "Reservation Dogs" and "Resident Alien". Pico was chosen as a 2021 Sundance Institute Fellow.
Awards.
Pico's second book, "Nature Poem", was the winner of a 2018 American Book Award and finalist for the 2018 Lambda Literary Award. He was a 2018 Whiting Award Winner for poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="56840576" url="?curid=56840576" title="Tosi Fasinro">
Tosi Fasinro

Tosi Fasinro (born 28 March 1972) is a retired British triple jumper.
He finished fourth at the 1990 World Junior Championships, won the gold medals at the 1991 European Junior Championships, the 1993 Summer Universiade and the 1994 European U23 Cup, and finished fifth at the 1995 Summer Universiade. He also competed at the 1993 World Championships without reaching the final.
Domestically, he won the 1993 UK Championships and the 1993 AAA Indoor Championships. He took one silver and one bronze at the AAA Championships. His personal best jump was 17.21 metres, achieved in July 1993 in Salamanca.

</doc>
<doc id="56840577" url="?curid=56840577" title="Heyo">
Heyo


</doc>
<doc id="56840578" url="?curid=56840578" title="Zomp">
Zomp


</doc>
<doc id="56840586" url="?curid=56840586" title="Kasey Carpenter">
Kasey Carpenter

Kasey Scott Carpenter is an American politician from Georgia. Carpenter is a Republican member of Georgia House of Representatives for District 4.
Education.
In 2001, Carpenter earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in finance from University of Georgia.
Career.
Carpenter is a restaurant owner in Georgia.
In 2017, Carpenter won the election and became a Republican member of the Georgia House of Representatives for District 4. Carpenter has sponsored 9 bills. He is a member of the Republican party.
Personal life.
Carpenter's wife is Julie Carpenter. They have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="56840593" url="?curid=56840593" title="Beat von Allmen">
Beat von Allmen

Beat von Allmen (born 26 October 1941) is a Swiss alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840596" url="?curid=56840596" title="1971 Macdonald Brier">
1971 Macdonald Brier

The 1971 Macdonald Brier, Canada's national men's curling championship was held March 1–6 at the 2,800 seat Pavilion de la Jeunesse in Quebec City, Quebec.
A blizzard hit the city late in the week, and was blamed for low attendance. One draw had to be cancelled due to the blizzard, and curlers had to be shuttled from the rink to their hotels on snowmobiles.
After the round robin, three teams (Manitoba, Northern Ontario and Saskatchewan) were tied for first place with identical 8-3 records, forcing a playoff. Lots were drawn to determine the seeds, and Team Manitoba, won the draw and were given the bye into the final. Northern Ontario's Bill Tetley rink won the first playoff match over Saskatchewan's Bob Pickering, but lost to a rested Team Manitoba in the final, 11-6. With the victory, skip Dale Duguid and his team of Rod Hunter, Jim Pettapiece and Bryan Wood became only the third rink to repeat at the Brier, having won the championship in 1970. The team went on to win the 1971 Air Canada Silver Broom World Championship, defending their title there as well.
After winning the 1971 World Championship, Duguid retired from competitive curling, and joined the CBC in 1972 as a curling commentator.
Playoff.
A two-round playoff was necessitated as three teams had tied for top spot in the event. 

</doc>
<doc id="56840597" url="?curid=56840597" title="Diopecephalus kochi">
Diopecephalus kochi


</doc>
<doc id="56840601" url="?curid=56840601" title="Beat Von Allmen">
Beat Von Allmen


</doc>
<doc id="56840602" url="?curid=56840602" title="List of United States Representatives in the 109th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Representatives in the 109th Congress by seniority


</doc>
<doc id="56840606" url="?curid=56840606" title="Beat Allmen">
Beat Allmen


</doc>
<doc id="56840617" url="?curid=56840617" title="Yoshinari Kida">
Yoshinari Kida

 is a Japanese alpine skier. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840622" url="?curid=56840622" title="Sam Teasley">
Sam Teasley

Samuel Kyser Teasley (born April 29, 1976) is an American politician. He previously served as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from January 10, 2011, until January 14, 2019. Teasley sponsored 191 bills. He is a member of the Republican Party. On November 8, 2018, Teasley was defeated by Democrat Mary Frances Williams in a closely contested election.

</doc>
<doc id="56840623" url="?curid=56840623" title="SMS V188">
SMS V188

SMS "V188" was a "S-138"-class large torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy. She was built by the AG Vulcan shipyard at Stettin between 1910 and 1911 and launched on 8 February1911.
"V188" took part the First World War. She was present at the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914 and was sunk by the British submarine on 26 July 1915.
Construction and design.
The Imperial German Navy ordered 12 large torpedo boats ("Große Torpedoboote") as part of the fiscal year 1910 shipbuilding programme, with one half-flotilla of six ships ("V186"–"V191") ordered from AG Vulcan and the other six ships from Germaniawerft. The two groups of torpedo boats were of basically similar layout but differed slightly in detailed design, with a gradual evolution of design and increase in displacement with each year's orders.
"V188" was long overall and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . The ship displaced design and deep load.
Three coal-fired and one oil-fired water-tube boiler fed steam at a pressure of to two sets of direct-drive steam turbines. The ship's machinery was rated at giving a design speed of , with members of the class reaching a speed of during sea trials. 136 tons of coal and 67 tons of oil fuel were carried, giving an endurance of at , at or at .
The ship was armed with two 8.8 cm L/45 guns, one on the Forecastle and one aft. Four single 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes were fitted, with two on the ship's beam in the gap between the forecastle and the ship's bridge which were capable of firing straight ahead, one between the ship's two funnels, and one aft of the funnels. The ship had a crew of 84 officers and men.
"V188" was laid down at AG Vulcan's Stettin shipyard as Yard number 306 and was launched on 8 February 1911 and completed on 20 May 1911.
Service.
First World War.
On 28 August 1914, the British Harwich Force, supported by light cruisers and battlecruisers of the Grand Fleet, carried out a raid towards Heligoland with the intention of destroying patrolling German torpedo boats. The German defensive patrols around Heligoland consisted of one flotilla (I Torpedo Flotilla) of 12 modern torpedo boats forming an outer patrol line about North and West of Heligoland, with an inner line of older torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division at about . Four German light cruisers and another flotilla of torpedo boats (V Torpedo Boat Flotilla) was in the vicinity of Heligoland. "V188 ", a member of the 1st Half Flotilla of I Torpedo Boat Flotilla, formed part of the outer screen of torpedo boats. At about 06:00 on 28 August, , another member of the outer screen reported spotting the periscope of a submarine. As a result, the 5th Torpedo Boat Flotilla was ordered out to hunt the hostile submarine. At 07:57 "G194" was fired on by British warships, and was soon retreating towards Heligoland, pursued by four British destroyers. V Flotilla and the old torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division also came under British fire, and were only saved by the intervention of the German cruisers and , with the torpedo boats , and "T33" damaged. On receiving a radio signal from "G194" that she was being chased by superior forces, "V188" set course at full speed towards Heligoland. She turned southwards to avoid British light cruisers, escaping to Heligoland and therefore avoided the fate of , leader of I Flotilla, the next ship to the north in the patrol line, which was trapped by cruisers and destroyers of the Harwich Force and sunk. The intervention of the supporting British forces resulted in the sinking of the German cruisers , and . The British light cruiser and destroyers , and were badly damaged but safely returned to base.
On the evening of 12 April 1915, the German airship "L7" sighted a British light cruiser and five surfaced submarines in the Heligoland Bight. I Flotilla was ordered out to attack the submarines, but "V188", and collided in thick fog, disabling the three ships and causing the sortie to be aborted. On 26 July 1915, the 2nd Half-flotilla of I Flotilla, including "V188" was escorting minesweepers when the British submarine spotted the torpedo boats and torpedoed "V188", blowing off the torpedo boat's stern and sinking her. Two of "V188"s crew were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="56840624" url="?curid=56840624" title="List of Jewish Head of State and Governments">
List of Jewish Head of State and Governments


</doc>
<doc id="56840632" url="?curid=56840632" title="Celebrity Xploration">
Celebrity Xploration

Celebrity Xploration is a luxury catamaran owned by Celebrity Cruises. As well as Celebrity Xperience, she was previously owned by the Galapagos operator Ocean Adventures. Two vessels joined Celebrity Xpedition operating cruises in this region after extensive refurbishment. 
"Celebrity Xploration" began sailings under her new flag in March 2017. 
Description.
The ship has a tonnage of 319.5 GT and a capacity of 16 guests.
In August 2017, Nathaly Albán became the Xploration's Captain and the 1st woman captain of a cruise ship in the Galapagos region. 
Route.
"Celebrity Xploration" operates voyages around the Galapagos Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="56840640" url="?curid=56840640" title="Anton Šoltýs">
Anton Šoltýs

Anton Šoltýs (born 30 April 1937) is a Slovak alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840653" url="?curid=56840653" title="Anton Soltys">
Anton Soltys


</doc>
<doc id="56840667" url="?curid=56840667" title="Árni Sigurðsson (alpine skier)">
Árni Sigurðsson (alpine skier)

Árni Sigurðsson (born 18 April 1941) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840669" url="?curid=56840669" title="Manesar land scam">
Manesar land scam

Gurugram-Manesar Industrial Model Township land grab scam case pertains to the chargesheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against former Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and 33 others for the Manesar Industrial Model Township land acquisition scam. This scam resulted in INR1500 crore (15 billion) loss to the farmers of Manesar and neighbouring village in Gurugram district whose 688 acre land was being acquired at a low rate for "public purpose". This land was later licensed to real estate companies after granting them out of term favours and concessions. Private builders grabbed 400 acres land from farmers at throwaway price based on the threat of acquisition by the government. Once this land was bought by the builders, Hooda government released this land from the acquisition process in the favor of builders instead of the original owners. Market value of this 400 acre land was nearly INR4 crore per acre or total INR1600 crore, which was acquired by the builders at only INR100 crore, causing a loss of INR1500 crore to innocent farmer owners of Manesar, Naurangpur and Lakhnoula villages.
Supreme Court of India cancelled this illegal acquisition and grant of land to the builders, returned the land to Haryana government, directed the government to "recover every single pie" and instructed the CBI to investigate it further to expose those who profited from this scam. One of the beneficiary of the scam was Hooda's nephew, Sukhwinder, whose company was given change of land use (CLU) permission for 52 acres land for INR57 lakh on the same day the government land acquisition process had lapsed for the want of release of funds, while at the same time CLU was denied to two other applicants [who were not related to Hooda].
CBI is currently investigating the case further. Hooda and 33 others have been charged in the special CBI court. Next CBI court hearing against Hooda and 33 others will be from 19 April 2018.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab case, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018). Hooda acquired land from the illiterate poor farmers at throwaway prices in the name of "public interest" and licensed it to builders by granting them out-of-turn favors, which caused the exponential rise in the land price resulting in big gains for the builders. During his 10-year rule as Chief Minister, Hooda, licensed a massive 24,825 acres of land compared to just 8,550.32 acres by successive Chief Ministers in the 23 years preceding Hooda rule.
Details.
Modus of scam.
Builders coerce farmers to sell their land by getting the government to use the Section 4 of the land law to have a government notification issued to the farmer that their land is required for the "public purpose". Builders try to acquire this land by offering a small premium above the government’s rate for the acquisition of the land. If landowners farmers still resist the sale, then Section 6 of land law is applied by declaring the government's intention to acquire land, which forces the reluctant farmers to sell the land to builders at small premium. Once the land is acquired by the builders, government cancels the acquisition process and releases the land to new build owners, along with the change in land use (CLU) permission to build residential and industrial building on the farm land. This results in steep rise in the land prices, resulting in massive gains for the builders, opportunity cost loss to the farmers and land tax revenue loss to the government.
In 2004, Hooda government issued the notification to acquire the 688 acre land for the IMT Manesar. By the time the government retracted the notification, the builders had managed to buy 400 acres for a total price of Rs 100 crore, as opposed to the market value of Rs 1,600 crore. Private builders grabbed this 400 acres land from farmers at throwaway price based on the threat of acquisition by the government. Once this land was bought by the builders, Hooda government released this land from the acquisition process in the favor of builders instead of the original owners. Market value of this 400 acre land was nearly INR4 crore per acre or total INR1600 crore, which was acquired by the builders at only INR100 crore, causing a loss of INR1500 crore to innocent farmer owners of Manesar, Naurangpur and Lakhnoula villages.
Restoration of land to government by the Supreme Court.
On 17 September 2015, CBI had registered an FIR under Indian Penal Code sections 420 (cheating), 465 (forgery), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document) and 120-B (criminal conspiracy) and under section 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. After which the premier investigating agency of India, CBI, conducted searches on 24 places to uncover irregularities in the purchase of land from farmers. 
On 13 March 2018, Supreme Court cancelled the acquisition of 688 acres in Manesar. Supreme Court cancelled this illegal acquisition and grant of land to the builders by Hooda's government. The land was returned to the Haryana government's HUDA/HSIDC. Land would not be returned to the landholders as they already received more money than the prevailing price. The builders will not be allowed to recover any money they paid to land owners as the deal was done to benefit them and middlemen. Court's decision will not affect 5,000 home buyers who will still receive their refund or property from the government on the original terms and price agreed with the builders.
Court directed the CBI to investigate this case further to unearth unnatural gains received by middle men. Court also instructed the Haryana government to "recover every single pie". Supreme court case was filed by the crusader, Om Prakash Yadav, the former Sarpanch of Manesar, who fought a decade-long battle for ensuring justice for the farmers during which he was threatened several times and was also provided security by the Haryana Police.
Current status: Ongoing CBI inquiry and chargesheet.
Based on the Supreme Court's order to investigate further, Hooda and 33 others, including real estate companies and government officials, were charged by the CBI in the special CBI court on 2 Feb 2018.
The CBI submitted chargesheet against former Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda and 33 others, including real estate companies, officials of department of town and country planning Haryana and bureaucrats who worked with Hooda in his office while he was Chief Minister of Haryana. Hooda's nephew, Sukhwinder, is also one of the beneficiary of the scam. Other accused include senior IAS officials Chattar Singh, M.L. Tayal and S.S. Dhillon, who had worked under Hooda. Atul Bansal of ABW Builders was also chargesheeted. Developers named in the chargesheet are DLF, Unitech Group, ABW, Karma, RP Estate and Innovative.
On 15 March 2018, CBI court summoned Hooda and 33 others for the court hearing to commence from 19 April 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56840675" url="?curid=56840675" title="Arni Sigurosson (alpine skier)">
Arni Sigurosson (alpine skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56840676" url="?curid=56840676" title="True Enough (novel)">
True Enough (novel)


</doc>
<doc id="56840685" url="?curid=56840685" title="Francisco Prat">
Francisco Prat

Francisco Prat (born 27 January 1944) is a Spanish alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840708" url="?curid=56840708" title="Mack Jackson">
Mack Jackson

Mack Jackson is an American politician. He is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives, serving since 2009. Jackson has sponsored 158 bills. He is a member of the Democratic party. 

</doc>
<doc id="56840709" url="?curid=56840709" title="South Asian Youth Action">
South Asian Youth Action

South Asian Youth Action (SAYA!) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit youth development organization in New York City. Although focused on South Asian youth, the group is secular and works with young people of all ethnicities. The group aims to provide academic support to youth, assisting with preparation for higher education and exploring careers in fields such as sports, the arts and STEM fields. They also work to improve leadership skills and identity development.
History.
SAYA! was founded in New York City in 1996 by Sayu Bhojwani, who believed there was a significant lack in resources available to underprivileged youths. The group started as a small organization based in the basement of a church in Elmhurst, Queens, and grew in size to support a wider group in New York City.
In 1988 the group began a school-based counseling program, aiming to help the social workers employed in these schools to become advocates for the South Asian students within the academic system.
Two years later, after the 2000 United States Census revealed a significant rise in the South Asian population in the United States, SAYA! expanded their programming to include Queens and Brooklyn.
The group expanded again following the September 11 attacks. In the aftermath of the terrorist attacks, South Asians in America faced a dramatic increase in racial and religious discrimination. Many South Asian students refused to go to school or other public spaces because of the rampant harassment. In December 2001, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded SAYA! with a grant which allowed them to expand their programs and influence. SAYA! worked to help youths discuss their own 9/11 stories and voice their opinions on the matter.
Programs.
Leadership and identity development.
SAYA! offers programs for high school students that focus on identity development, health, and mentorship. By taking part in different conversations and activities, the group works to develop students' life skills to help them with challenges faced while growing up in the United States.
The group held its first annual Young Women's Leadership Conference during Asian Pacific American Heritage Month in May 2017. The conference's themes included cultural exploration, expression and empowerment. Led by their members, SAYA! offered activities and workshops aimed at guiding the participants in "exploring the intersecting cultural identities with which they identify, expressing pride in their cultures in the face of difficult political times, and empowering them to define their own communities and be voices of positive social change."
Academic support and career exploration.
For the younger students in elementary and middle schools, SAYA! offers assistance with schoolwork and projects, emphasizing academic skills and offering support to the students' families. High school students receive mentoring, tutoring, and guidance on college application and preparation. SAYA! also has free SAT preparation classes and offers students trips to visit various universities. 
Sports, arts and STEM.
SAYA! encourages members to participate in outlets of creative expression, and emphasizes the importance of physical and mental health by urging students to participate in sports and practice yoga and meditation. Students are also encouraged to get involved in STEM activities such as architecture, coding, and robotics.
The Funny Girls leadership program for young girls emphasizes improvisational acting. It was created in 2017 by the Harnisch Foundation with SAYA! as one of the partners. The program is designed to help young girls be self-aware and resilient, with the ability to collaborate with others.

</doc>
<doc id="56840720" url="?curid=56840720" title="Abortion in Gibraltar">
Abortion in Gibraltar

Abortion in Gibraltar is illegal under Section 16 of the 2011 Crime Act, it states that abortion in Gibraltar is punishable by life imprisonment including anyone assisting in the abortion. 

</doc>
<doc id="56840721" url="?curid=56840721" title="Piers von Westenholz">
Piers von Westenholz

Frederick Patrick Piers von Westenholz (born 10 December 1943) is an English alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840723" url="?curid=56840723" title="Frederick Westenholz">
Frederick Westenholz


</doc>
<doc id="56840731" url="?curid=56840731" title="Piers, Baron de Westenholz">
Piers, Baron de Westenholz


</doc>
<doc id="56840732" url="?curid=56840732" title="Jon Drezner">
Jon Drezner

Jon Drezner is an American architect and designer. He worked with Frank Gehry and Gehry Partners in the 1990s on projects including the Walt Disney Concert Hall and the Gehry House. He founded his own architecture firm, Drezner Architecture, in 1997, with initial projects including the Toyota Sports Center and 1428 Chelten Way, a residential project. He relocated to Princeton, New Jersey in 2003, where his work has focused on residential projects in the area, notably a residence at 98 Battle Road.
Drezner grew up in Princeton and attended Princeton Day School.
Education.
Drezner received his Bachelor of Arts from St. Lawrence University. In 1990, he received his Masters of Architecture degree from the Southern California Institute of Architecture.
Style.
Drezner's architectural style focuses on creative, energy efficient buildings. Much of his work is in a modern style, with large interior spaces and windows. Exteriors of residential projects are often completed with white plaster.

</doc>
<doc id="56840733" url="?curid=56840733" title="Piers Baron de Westenholz">
Piers Baron de Westenholz


</doc>
<doc id="56840738" url="?curid=56840738" title="Sankofa (Oogenus)">
Sankofa (Oogenus)


</doc>
<doc id="56840741" url="?curid=56840741" title="Maria de Rijke">
Maria de Rijke


</doc>
<doc id="56840749" url="?curid=56840749" title="Carlos Perner">
Carlos Perner

Carlos Perner (born 1 October 1947) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1972 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840753" url="?curid=56840753" title="Social messaging">
Social messaging


</doc>
<doc id="56840756" url="?curid=56840756" title="SMS V190">
SMS V190

SMS "V190" was a "S-138"-class large torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy. She was built by the AG Vulcan shipyard at Stettin between 1910 and 1911, completing on 5 August 1911.
She served throughout the First World War, taking part in the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914. She was renamed T190 in February 1918. Post war, "T190" served in the Weimar Republic's Reichsmarine, classed as a destroyer due to the Treaty of Versailles. She was rebuilt and modernised in 1923. She was renamed Claus von Bevern in 1938, serving as a research ship. The ship was still in service on the outbreak of the Second World War, taking part in the German Invasion of Denmark in 1940. At the end of the war, "Claus von Bevern" was captured by the United States. She was scuttled in 1946.
Construction and design.
The Imperial German Navy ordered 12 large torpedo boats ("Große Torpedoboote") as part of the fiscal year 1910 shipbuilding programme, with one half-flotilla of six ships ("V186"–"V191") ordered from AG Vulcan and the other six ships from Germaniawerft. The two groups of torpedo boats were of basically similar layout but differed slightly in detailed design, with a gradual evolution of design and increase in displacement with each year's orders. 
"V190" was long overall and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . The ship displaced design and deep load. 
Three coal-fired and one oil-fired water-tube boiler fed steam at a pressure of to two sets of direct-drive steam turbines. The ship's machinery was rated at giving a design speed of , with members of the class reaching a speed of during sea trials. 136 tons of coal and 67 tons of oil fuel were carried, giving an endurance of at , at or at . 
The ship was armed with two 8.8 cm L/45 guns, one on the forecastle and one aft. Four single 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes were fitted, with two on the ship's beam in the gap between the forecastle and the ship's bridge which were capable of firing straight ahead, one between the ship's two funnels, and one aft of the funnels. The ship had a crew of 84 officers and men.
"V190" was laid down at AG Vulcan's Stettin shipyard as Yard number 308 and was launched on 12 April 1911 and completed on 5 August 1911.
Modifications.
The ship was modified in 1923, and again in 1927–28. The ship's boilers were replaced by three oil-fired boilers, with 198t of oil carried, giving a range of at . Two 10.5 cm L/45 guns replaced the 8.8 cm guns, while the torpedo armament remained four 50 cm tubes, but arranged in two twin mounts. When serving as a research ship, one of the 10.5 cm guns was removed, as was at least one set of torpedo tubes, with two 20mm anti-aircraft guns added.
Service.
On 28 August 1914, the British Harwich Force, supported by light cruisers and battlecruisers of the Grand Fleet, carried out a raid towards Heligoland with the intention of destroying patrolling German torpedo boats. The German defensive patrols around Heligoland consisted of one flotilla (I Torpedo Flotilla) of 12 modern torpedo boats forming an outer patrol line about North and West of Heligoland, with an inner line of older torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division at about . Four German light cruisers and another flotilla of torpedo boats (V Torpedo Boat Flotilla) was in the vicinity of Heligoland. "V190 ", a member of the 2nd Half Flotilla of I Torpedo Boat Flotilla, formed part of the outer screen of torpedo boats. At about 06:00 on 28 August, , another member of the outer screen reported spotting the periscope of a submarine. As a result, the 5th Torpedo Boat Flotilla was ordered out to hunt the hostile submarine. At 07:57 "G194" was fired on by British warships, and was soon retreating towards Heligoland, pursued by four British destroyers. V Flotilla and the old torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division also came under British fire, and were only saved by the intervention of the German cruisers and , with the torpedo boats , and "T33" damaged. "V190" managed to successfully avoid the British ships and returned to base However, sister ship , leader of I Flotilla, ran into the midst of the Harwich force when trying to return to Heligoland and was sunk. The intervention of the supporting British forces resulted in the sinking of the German cruisers , and . The British light cruiser and destroyers , and were badly damaged but safely returned to base. 
"V190", part of VII Flotilla, was part of High Seas Fleet when it sailed to cover the Lowestoft Raid on 24–25 April 1916. The ship was still part of I Flotilla on 19 August 1916, when the High Seas Fleet sailed to cover a sortie of the battlecruisers of the 1st Scouting Group, but was absent at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May–1 June 1916.
On 22 February 1918, "V190" was renamed "T190", in order to free her number for new construction, in this case the destroyer "H190" which was ordered from Howaldswerke, but was cancelled at the end of the war. At the end of the war "T190" was a member of the 15th Half-flotilla of the 8th Torpedo Boat Flotilla.
Between the wars.
After the end of the First World War, the scuttling of the German High Seas Fleet at Scapa Flow on 21 June 1919 and the Treaty of Versailles left Germany with a small navy of obsolete warships, the "Reichsmarine". The Versailles treaty limited the German Navy's torpedo forces to 16 destroyers and 16 torpedo boats, with only twelve of each in active service, with replacement of the existing ships not allowed until 15 years after they were launched. Replacements could not exceed 800 t displacement for destroyers and 200 t for torpedo boats. "T190" was one of the ships retained, and was classed as a destroyer for treaty purposes, although like the other ships retained as "destroyers", was always treated as a torpedo boat by the "Reichsmarine".
"T190" was listed as being in reserve in 1922. She was refitted and modernised in 1922. In July 1926 "T190" accompanied the battleship on a visit to Neufahrwasser; they were the first German warships to visit the Free City of Danzig since Germany lost control of the city to Poland after the war. She was refitted again in 1927–28, but by the 1930s these old torpedo boats were obsolete and were either scrapped or transferred to subsidiary roles. "T190" became a research ship, and was renamed "Claus von Bevern" in 1938.
Second World War.
"Claus von Bevern" remained in use during the Second World War, and during the German invasion of Denmark in April 1940, returned briefly to operational service, taking part in landing operations at Nyborg and Korsør alongside the battleship "Schleswig-Holstein" as part of Warship Group Seven. At the end of the war, "Claus von Bevern" was captured by Allied forces and allocated to the United States. She was scuttled in the Skagerrak in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="56840757" url="?curid=56840757" title="Anja Karliczek">
Anja Karliczek

Anja Maria-Antonia Karliczek (' Kerssen; born 29 April 1971) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as Minister of Education and Research in Chancellor Angela Merkel's fourth cabinet since 14 March 2018.
Early life and career.
Karliczek was born in Ibbenbüren and grew up in Tecklenburg. After an apprenticeship at Deutsche Bank in Osnabrück, she moved to work in her family's hotel in 1993. While raising a family and working full-time, Karliczek studied business administration at University of Hagen from 2003 until 2008, with a diploma thesis analysing the fiscal advantages of transferring pension obligations from the employer’s point of view.
Political career.
Karliczek joined the CDU in 1998 and became the party's local chair in Tecklenburg in 2011.
Member of Parliament, 2013–present.
Karliczek has been a member of the Bundestag since the 2013 elections, representing Steinfurt III. Between 2013 and 2018, she was a member of the Finance Committee, where she served as the CDU/CSU parliamentary group's rapporteur on occupational and fully funded pension schemes and employee shareholding. From 2017, she also served as deputy of Michael Grosse-Brömer in his role as First Secretary of the parliamentary group. In this capacity, she was a member of the parliament’s Council of Elders, which – among other duties – determines daily legislative agenda items and assigns committee chairpersons based on party representation.
In addition to her committee assignments, Karliczek is a member of the German-Slovenian Parliamentary Group. Within the CDU/CSU, she is a member of MIT, its pro-business wing. She also belongs to the Münsterland Circle ("Münsterlandrunde") which brings together all parliamentarians from the eponymous region in Westphalia; it also includes Sybille Benning and Jens Spahn, among others.
Federal Minister of Education and Research, 2018–present.
In her capacity as minister, Karliczek is a member of the Joint Science Conference (GWK), a body which deals with all questions of research funding, science and research policy strategies and the science system that jointly affect Germany’s federal government and its 16 federal states.
During Karliczek's term, the German government introduced annual incentives worth 1.25 billion euros in 2019 aimed at supporting corporate research and development and boosting investments in cutting-edge technologies. As a representative of the German government, she was part of the delegation accompanying President Emmanuel Macron of France on his state visit to China in November 2019. 
Political positions.
In June 2017, Karliczek voted against Germany’s introduction of same-sex marriage. In 2018, she faced criticism after she questioned Germany's decision to recognize marriage equality in a television interview.
In November 2018, Karliczek successfully suggested to ease the terms of the 5G build-out plan for network providers, declaring "we don't need 5G internet next to every milk churn". This was supposed to allow a slower proliferation of fast mobile internet in large parts of Germany in exchange for a larger amount to be gained by the federal government from the auction of frequency bands to operators.
Personal life.
She married Eurowings pilot Lothar Karliczek in 1995; they have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="56840789" url="?curid=56840789" title="Pedro Marin (politician)">
Pedro Marin (politician)

Pedro "Pete" Marin is an American politician. He is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives, serving since 2003. He is a member of the Democratic party.

</doc>
<doc id="56840800" url="?curid=56840800" title="Ranella bronni">
Ranella bronni


</doc>
<doc id="56840817" url="?curid=56840817" title="Timmy Barr">
Timmy Barr


</doc>
<doc id="56840819" url="?curid=56840819" title="Tim Barr">
Tim Barr


</doc>
<doc id="56840821" url="?curid=56840821" title="Dimitrios Pappos">
Dimitrios Pappos

Dimitrios Pappos (16 October 1939 – 1 March 2014) was a Greek alpine skier. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56840824" url="?curid=56840824" title="Murex costatus">
Murex costatus


</doc>
<doc id="56840825" url="?curid=56840825" title="Ivor Julian">
Ivor Julian

Sir Kenneth Ivor Julian, CBE (3 December 1895 – 29 March 1971), known by his middle name Ivor, was an English public administrator.
Early life and family.
Julian was born on 3 December 1895 to Henry Matthew Julian and his wife, Elizabeth Isabella, "née" McKay. He was educated in Redhill.
Career, honours and assessment.
Julian served on the board of the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton, and became chairman of the board in 1946, serving for two years. In 1946, in anticipation of the establishment of the National Health Service, the Minister of Health Aneurin Bevan appointed him chairman of the South-East Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board and he remained in the post until 1968; when liaising with the ministry, he was selected to represent all the chairmen of the regional hospital boards in England and Wales. He was also a governor of Guy's Hospital, and was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1950 and a Knight Bachelor eight years later.
Julian died on 29 March 1971, aged 75 at Hove in Sussex, after a long illness. His wife Rosemary Staunton, daughter of Charles Edgar Terry, had died earlier in 1971; they had been married since 1936, but never had children. In his obituary, "The Times" recorded that Julian "did more for the development of hospitals in this country, and did it with less publicity, than almost anyone else in the last 25 years ... his wisdom, energy and practical good sense, given without reward, contributed decisively to the enormous progress made during those years".

</doc>
<doc id="56840834" url="?curid=56840834" title="I'm a Good Ol' Rebel">
I'm a Good Ol' Rebel

"I'm a Good Ol' Rebel", also called "The Good Old Rebel", is a pro-Confederate folk song and rebel song commonly attributed to Major James Innes Randolph. It was initially created by Randolph as a poem before evolving into an oral folk song and was only published in definitive written form in 1914.
Background.
After the Confederacy's loss to the U.S. in the American Civil War, "I'm a Good Ol' Rebel" was created as a poem by former Confederate major James Innes Randolph in the 1860s. Its music was based upon the Minstrel song "Joe Bowers". It is not known who initially created the music, with a claim in 1864 attributing it to "J.R.T." and an 1866 sheet music copy ironically dedicating it to Thad Stevens.
"I'm a Good Ol' Rebel" was first published as a poem locally in Maryland in 1898 but was published as a song nationwide in the April 4, 1914 edition of "Collier's Weekly". The song is anti-American in tone, expressing hatred towards the U.S. and its national symbols such as the U.S. Constitution and U.S. Declaration of Independence. It reflected a view held by some ex-Confederates who were reluctant to accept Reconstruction with the United States and an expression of the bitterness and anger they felt after the Confederacy had lost the American Civil War to the U.S. However, it is speculated that the song did not reflect Randolph's personal views and was intended "... to illustrate the irreconcilable spirit of the illiterate in some sections", as it had been sung and passed through oral tradition throughout Southern bars.
The published version initially contained only four verses, but individual performers have added their own verses to reflect their own opinions on the United States.
Legacy.
The song became known outside the United States. The American-born Consuelo Montagu, Duchess of Manchester, once performed the song uncensored for the future King Edward VII when he was Prince of Wales in London. Upon hearing the song, he later requested a repeat performance of "...that fine American song with the cuss words in it." In 2011, the band Junto released a parody of the song as an anti-Barack Obama song titled "I'm A Good Ole American".
Modern Versions.
The soundtrack for the film "The Long Riders" (1980), (a biopic about the James-Younger Gang), musician/composer Ry Cooder arranged a version consisting of 4 verses. 
In 1991, a version was released on the "Songs of the Civil War" album performed by Hoyt Axton.
Jeremy Renner sang the opening verses in a scene for "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="56840835" url="?curid=56840835" title="SS Mira">
SS Mira

SS "Mira" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56840840" url="?curid=56840840" title="REM Discography">
REM Discography


</doc>
<doc id="56840854" url="?curid=56840854" title="Jo Yeong-seok">
Jo Yeong-seok

Young S. Cho (born 1 January 1934), also known as Jo Yeong-seok, is a South Korean alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.
He attended Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan. He participated in the university division of the 42nd (1961), 43rd (1962), and 44th (1963) Winter Korean National Sports Festivals along with a team of fellow Koreans living in Japan.
He moved to the United States in 1966, where he established a textile manufacturing business. By 1975 he had become the president of the Colorado Korean Association. He is also a member of the Rotary Club of Denver. He is a board member of the Colorado Symphony Orchestra. He was still living in Colorado as of 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56840856" url="?curid=56840856" title="Vasika kalispera sas">
Vasika kalispera sas


</doc>
<doc id="56840859" url="?curid=56840859" title="Yinon Azulai">
Yinon Azulai

Yinon Azulai (, born 10 July 1979) is an Israeli politician. He is currently a member of the Knesset for Shas.
Political career.
Azulai was sixteenth on the Shas list for the 2015 Knesset elections, but failed to become a Knesset member when Shas won seven seats.
In March 2018, he entered the Knesset as a replacement for his father, Minister of Religious Services David Azulai, who had resigned from the Knesset under the Norwegian Law.
After a minor earthquake occurred in the Haifa June 2018, Azulai claimed that the earthquake came as a result of Reform and Conservative Jews efforts to build a pluralistic prayer area at the Western Wall, including a new area for women. Azulai further stated that Jews who supported such efforts were not actual Jews.
On 9 September 2020, Azulai tested positive for COVID-19.

</doc>
<doc id="56840860" url="?curid=56840860" title="Jo Yeong-Seok">
Jo Yeong-Seok


</doc>
<doc id="56840863" url="?curid=56840863" title="Cho Jeong-Soo">
Cho Jeong-Soo


</doc>
<doc id="56840865" url="?curid=56840865" title="Kenneth Ivor Julian">
Kenneth Ivor Julian


</doc>
<doc id="56840867" url="?curid=56840867" title="Cho Young-Sook">
Cho Young-Sook


</doc>
<doc id="56840871" url="?curid=56840871" title="Giant triton">
Giant triton


</doc>
<doc id="56840872" url="?curid=56840872" title="Cho Young-sook">
Cho Young-sook


</doc>
<doc id="56840878" url="?curid=56840878" title="Pharmacoepigenetics">
Pharmacoepigenetics

Pharmacoepigenetics is an emerging field that studies the underlying epigenetic marking patterns that lead to variation in an individual's response to medical treatment.
Background.
Due to genetic heterogeneity, environmental factors, and pathophysiological causes, individuals that exhibit similar disease expression may respond differently to identical drug treatments. Selecting treatments based on factors such as age, body-surface area, weight, gender, or disease stage has been shown to incompletely address this problem, so medical professionals are shifting toward using patient genomic data to select optimal treatments. Now, an increasing amount of evidence shows that epigenetics also plays an important role in determining the safety and efficacy of drug treatment in patients. Epigenetics is a bridge that connects individual genetics and environmental factors to explain some aspects of gene expression. Specifically, environmental factors have the potential to alter one's epigenetic mechanisms in order to influence the expression of genes. For example, smoking cigarettes can alter the DNA methylation state of genes and thereby expression of genes through different mechanisms.
Epigenetic changes in genes caused by factors such as environment can result in abnormal gene expression and the initiation of diseases. The progression of diseases further alters the epigenetic patterns of the whole genome. While epigenetic changes are generally long lasting, and in some cases permanent, there is still the potential to change the epigenetic state of a gene. Thus, drugs have been developed to target aberrant epigenetic patterns in cells to either activate or suppress the epigenetically modified gene expression gene expression. This is known as epigenetic therapy. Besides being drug targets, epigenetic changes are also used as diagnostic and prognostic indicators to predict disease risk and progression, and this could be beneficial for the improvement of personalized medicine.
The development of the Human Epigenome Project and advances in epigenomics has given rise to a burgeoning field known as pharmacoepigenetics. Pharmacoepigenetics was initially developed to study how epigenetic patterns of drug transporters, drug-metabolizing enzymes, and nuclear receptors affect individuals’ response to the drug. Now, pharmacoepigenetics has an additional focus: the development of therapeutic epidrugs that can make changes to the epigenome in order to lessen the cause or symptoms of a disease in an individual. Even though a large gap still remains between the knowledge of epigenetic modifications on drug metabolism mechanisms and clinical applications, 
pharmacoepigenetics has become a rapidly growing field that has the potential to play an important role in personalized medicine.
In order to develop effective epigenetic therapies, it is important to understand the underlying epigenetic mechanisms and the proteins that are involved. Various mechanisms and modifications play a role in epigenetic remodeling and signaling, including DNA methylation, histone modification, covalent modifications, RNA transcripts, microRNAs, mRNA, siRNA, and nucleosome positioning. In particular, scientists have extensively studied the associations of DNA methylation, histone modifications, regulatory microRNA with the development of diseases.
DNA methylation is the most widely studied epigenetic mechanism. Most of them occur at CpG sites. DNA methyltransferase is recruited to the site and adds methyl groups to the cytosine of the CpG dinucleotides. This allows the methyl-CpG binding proteins to bind to the methylated site and cause downregulation of genes. Histone modification is mainly achieved by modifying the N-terminal tails of histones. The mechanisms include acetylation, methylation, phosphorylation, unbiquitination, etc. They affect the compaction of chromatin structure, the accessibility of the DNA, and therefore the transcriptional level of specific genes.
Additionally, microRNA is a type of noncoding RNA that is responsible for altering gene expression by targeting and marking mRNA transcripts for degradation. Since this process is a posttranscriptional modification, it does not involve changes in DNA sequence. The expression of microRNA is also regulated by other epigenetic mechanisms. Aberrant expression of microRNA facilitates disease development, making them good targets for epigenetic therapies. Epigenetic proteins involved in the regulation of gene transcription fall into three categories-writers, erasers, and readers. Both writers and erasers have enzymatic activity that allows them to covalently modify DNA or histone proteins. Readers have the ability to recognize and bind to specific sites on chromatin to alter epigenetic signatures.
Once the underlying epigenetic mechanisms are understood, it becomes possible to develop new ways to alter epigenetic marks such as "epidrugs", or epigenome editing, which is the overwriting of epigenetic patterns using man-made signals to direct epigenetic proteins to target loci. Furthermore, based on patients' unique epigenetic patterns, medical professionals can more accurately assign a safe and effective treatment including appropriate epigenetic drugs tailored to the patient.
Drug response and metabolism.
Individual differences in drug metabolism and response can be partially explained by epigenetic changes. Epigenetic changes in genes that encode drug targets, enzymes, or transport proteins that affect the body's ability to absorb, metabolize, distribute and excrete substances that are foreign to the body (Xenobiotics) can result in changes in one's toxicity levels and drug response. One of the main effects of drug exposure early in life is altered ADME (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, and Excretion) gene expression. There is evidence that these genes are controlled by DNA methylation, histone acetylation, and miRNAs.
More needs to be understood about these mechanisms, but the hope is that it can lead to proper drug selection and dosage. Additionally, drug resistance can be acquired through epigenetic mechanisms. This is particularly common in chemotherapy, where cells that develop resistance to treatment continue to divide and survive. Pharmacoepigenetic treatment plans can consist of a single epidrug class or combine several in a unique therapy. The following are the examples of how drug response or metabolism related proteins are regulated by epigenetic mechanisms:
Cyp2e1, DNA methylation, and histone acetylation.
Age-related changes to epigenetic modifications on regulatory regions of mouse "Cyp2e1" has been associated with the metabolism mediated by its encoded protein. Cyp2e1 mediated hydroxylation of its probe drug chlorzoxazone to its metabolite, 6-hydroxychlorzoxazone, correlated negatively with DNA methylation and positively with histone acetylation in mouse microsome extracts.
CXCR4 and DNA methylation.
CXCR4 is a protein that acts as a coreceptor for the entry of HIV. It has been developed as a drug target for anti-HIV therapy. A study has shown that its expression is dysregulated by abnormal methylation patterns in some cancers. Thus, this could affect the efficiency and drug response to the anti-HIV therapy.
CYP1A1 methylation and histone modification.
CYP1A1 is a protein that is well known for its role in chemical compounds and drug metabolism. A study in prostate cancer demonstrated that the protein's regulatory region was under the control of the histone modification H3K4me3, which typically indicates active gene expression in non-cancerous cells. This abnormal methylation typically causes histone modification and changes in chromatin structure at a local level, thus effecting gene expression.
ABCG2 and miRNA.
ABCG2 is a protein that is responsible for multidrug resistance in cancer chemotherapy. Increased expression of ABCG2 is found in different drug resistant cancer cell lines and tumor tissues. One of the microRNA modifications changes its gene and protein expression by destabilizing its mRNA.
Epigenetics and human diseases.
Epigenetics in cancer.
While there is still a lot of work that needs to be done regarding the epigenetic modifications of specific cancers at various steps in tumor development, there is a general understanding of epigenetic modifications in genes that lead to abnormal expression and various types of cancer. These epigenetic biomarkers are being considered in clinical use as a tool to detect disease, classify tumors, and understand drug response to treatments such as target compounds, traditional chemotherapy agents, and epigenetic drugs. Human cancer is generally characterized by hypermethylation of specific promoters, which typically prevents the expression of DNA repair and tumor-suppressing genes, and the loss of DNA methylation on a global scale, which can allow for expression of oncogenes or result in a loss of imprinting. Histone modifications play an important role in the regulation of cellular processes, thus epigenetic changes resulting in changed structure can lead to abnormal transcription, DNA repair and replication. Below are some examples and then an overview of the ways these epigenetic modifications are being targeted.
Targeting epigenetic modifications in cancer.
Epigenetic changes are highly present in cancer, therefore it is a good model to assess different ways in which epigenetic drugs can be used to make changes that turn up and turn down gene expression.
Targeting gain-of-function epigenetic mutations.
DNA methyltransferase inhibitors are being pursued due to the hypermethylation of tumor suppressor genes and increased DNMTs that have been observed in cancer cells. Introduction of these inhibitors can result in reduced promoter methylation and expression of previously silenced tumor suppressor genes. Azacitidine and decitabine, which incorporate into the DNA and covalently trap the methyltransferases, have been approved by the FDA for myelodysplastic syndrome (a group of cancers where blood cells from the bone marrow do not mature properly into healthy blood cells) treatment and are currently being investigated for other cancers like leukemia. Other types of drugs are being developed like non-nucleoside analogues, which can covalently bind to DNMTs.
Some examples include procaine, hydralazine, and procainimide, but they lack specificity and potency making it hard to test them in clinical trials. DNA methyltranferase inhibitors are usually used at a low level due to their lack of specificity and toxic effects on normal cells. HDAC inhibitors are also being used, due to the changes in histone acetylation and the increased HDACs observed. While the mechanism is still under investigation, it is believed that adding the HDAC inhibitors results in increased histone acetylation and therefore the reactivation of transcription of tumor suppressor genes.
More so, HDACs can also remove acetyl groups from proteins that are not the histone, so it is thought that adding HDAC inhibitors may result in changes in transcription factor activity. There are around 14 different HDAC inhibitors being investigated in clinical trials for haematological and solid tumors, but more research needs to be done on the specificity and mechanisms by which they are inhibiting. Another way to alter epigenetic modifications is through the use of histone methyltransferase inhibitors.
Targeting loss-of-Function epigenetic mutations.
Loss of function in genes encoding DNA demethylases or the overexpression of DNA methyltransferases can result in the hypermethylation of DNA promoters. Loss of function of DNA methyltransferases can lead to hypomethylation. Loss of function in chromosome remodeling, DNA repair, and cell cycle regulation genes can lead to uncontrolled growth of cells giving rise to cancer. Histone modification patterns can also lead to changes in genomes that can negatively affect these and other systems, making cancer more likely.
Cells that carry loss-of-function mutations can be targeted by drugs that induce synthetic lethality, a genetic/protein interaction where the loss of one component induces little change, but the loss of both components results in cell death. In cancer cells where one part of the interaction experiences a loss-of-function mutation, the other part can be interrupted by drug treatment to induce cell death in cancerous cells. Synthetic lethality is an attractive treatment option in patients with cancer since it there should be minimal / no effect on healthy cells.
For example, with SWI/SNF loss of function mutations, DNA replication and repair is negatively affected and can give rise to tumors if cell growth goes unchecked. Mutations of these genes are common causes of cancers. These mutations are not directly targetable, but several synthetic lethal interactions can be exploited by cancer drugs to kill early cancer growth.
Additionally, loss-of-function mutations can be targeted by using the dynamic states of histone modifications. Loss of function mutations in demethylases, such as KDMK6A are common in cancer. By inducing upregulation of methyltransferase inhibitors, the effects of the loss-of-function mutation can be mitigated.
Development of drugs that target or modify epigenetic signatures of target genes is growing, especially as bioinformatic analysis increases our knowledge of the human genome and speeds up the search for synthetic lethal interactions. Most widely used to assess potential synthetic lethal interactions is using siRNA and CRISPR-Cas9 to modify target genes. CRISPRi and CRISPRa technology allows researchers to activate or inactivate target genes.
Lung cancer.
In lung cancer the activation of both dominant and recessive oncogenes and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes has been observed. Frequently observed in lung cancer is the methylation of gene promoters that are involved in critical functions like cell-cycle control, repairing DNA, cell adhesion, proliferation, apoptosis, and motility. A few of the common genes frequently observed are APC, CDH1, CDKN2A, MGMT, and RASSF1A (a tumor suppressor). In the cases of CDKN2A and RASSF1A DNA these genes are methylated, resulting in the loss of tumor suppressor genes.
Various strategies such as using drugs like entinostat and azacitidine have been observed in clinical trials of non-small-cell lung carcinoma. The idea being that etinostat, a histone deacetylase inhibitor, can prevent the silencing of genes by allowing them to be accessible to transcription machinery. Azacitidine can be metabolized and incorporated into DNA and then recognized as a substrate for DNA methyltransferases, but since the enzyme is bound the methyltransferase cannot add methylation marks and thus silence crucial genes.
Heart failure.
Histone modifications, DNA methylation, and microRNAs have been found to play an important role in heart disease. Previously, histone tail acetylation has been linked to cardiac hypertrophy or abnormal heart muscle thickening that is usually due to an increase in cardiomyocyte size or other cardiac muscle changes. The hypertrophic changes that occur in cardiac muscles cells result from the required acetylation of histone tails via acetyltransferases. In addition to acetyltransferases, histone deacetylases (HDACs) also aid in the regulation of muscle cells. Class II HDACs 5 and 9 inhibit the activity of a factor known as myocyte enhancer factor 2 (MEF2), which unable to bind prevents the expression of genes that produce hypertrophic effects.
Additionally, loci such as PECAM1, AMOTL2 and ARHGAP24 have been seen with different methylation patterns that are correlated with altered gene expression in cardiac tissue.
There are an increasing number of scientific publications that are finding that miRNA plays a key role in various aspects of heart failure. Examples of functions for miRNA include the regulation of the cardiomyocyte cell cycle and regulation of cardiomyocyte cell growth. Knowing the epigenetic modifications allows for the potential use of drugs to modify the epigenetic status of a target sequence. One could possibly target the miRNAs using antagomirs. Antagomirs are single strand RNAs that are complementary, which have been chemically engineered oligonucleotides that silence miRNAs so that they cannot degrade the mRNA that is needed for normal levels of expression.
DNA methylation of CpGs can lead to a reduction of gene expression, and in some cases this decrease in gene product can contribute to disease. Therefore, in those instances it is important to have potential drugs that can alter the methylation status of the gene and increase expression levels. To increase gene expression, one may try to decrease CpG methylation by using a drug that works as DNA methytransferase inhibitor such as decitabine or 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine.
On the other hand, some diseases result from a decrease in acetylase activity, which results in a decrease in gene expression. Some studies have shown that inhibiting HDAC activity can attenuate cardiac hypertrophy. trichostatin A and sodium butyrate are two HDAC inhibitors. Trichostatin A is known for its ability to inhibit class I and II HDACs from removing acetylases and decreasing gene expression. Sodium butyrate is another chemical that inhibits class I HDACs, thus resulting in the ability for transcription factors to easily access and express the gene.
Challenges in development of epigenetic therapies.
There are a number of challenges with the developing epigenetic therapies for widespread medical use. While laboratory results indicate relationships between genes and potential drug interactions that could mitigate the effects of mutations, the complexity of the human genome and epigenome makes it difficult to develop therapies that are safe, efficient, and consistent. Epigenetic alteration may affect more systems than the target genes, which gives potential for deleterious effects to rise out of treatment. Additionally, epigenetic mutations can be a result of lineage.
As tissue gene expression is largely regulated by epigenetic interactions, certain tissue-specific cancers are difficult to target with epigenetic therapies. Additionally, genes that encode for elements that prevent one type of cancer in a cell, may have altered function in another and lead to another type of cancer. Trying to modify these proteins, such as EZH2, may give rise to other types of cancer. Selectivity is another hurdle in the development of therapies. Since many proteins are structurally similar, especially within the same protein family, Broad-spectrum inhibitors can't always be used since modifying the regulation of one protein may do the same to others in the family.
Based on the differences in these epigenetic patterns, scientists and physicians can further predict the drug response of each patient. One of the most compelling examples is methylation of the tumor suppressor gene at promoter sequence that codes for MGMT. MGMT is a DNA repair protein responsible for transferring methyl groups from O(6)-alkylguanine in DNA to itself to fight against mutagenesis and the buildup of toxic compounds that result from alkylating agents.
Therefore, MGMT is responsible for the repair of areas that have been damaged by toxins. This MGMT promoter region has been found to be highly methylated, and thereby repressed, in patients with various types of cancer. Several drugs such as procarbazine, streptozotocin, BCNU (carmustine), and temozolamide are designed to remodel DNA to reverse this abnormal methylation modification so that MGMT may be normally expressed and repair DNA. The methylation status of the promoter become the best predictor of responses to BCNU and temozolamide in patients with brain cancer.
Epigenetic inhibitors and therapies.
Bromodomain and inhibitors (BET inhibitor).
Proteins containing bromodomains recognize and bind acetylated lysine residues in histones, causing chromatin structure modification and a subsequent shift in levels of gene expression. Bromodomain and extra-terminal (BET) proteins bind acetyl groups and work with RNAPII to help with transcription and elongation of chromatin. BET inhibitors have been able to prevent successful interaction between BET proteins and acetylated histones. Using a BET inhibitor can reduce the over expression of bromodomain proteins, which can cause aberrant chromatin remodeling, transcription regulation, and histone acetylation.
Histone acetylase inhibitors.
Several studies have shown that histone acetyltransferase (HAT) inhibitors are useful in re-inducing expression of tumor suppression genes by stopping histone acetyltransferase activity to prevent chromatin condensation.
Protein methyltransferase (PMT) inhibitors: PMT's play a key role in methylating lysine and arginine residues to affect transcription levels of genes. It has been suggested that their enzymatic activity plays a role in cancer, as well as neurodegenerative and inflammatory diseases.
Histone deacetylase inhibitors.
Using Histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors allows for genes to remain transcriptionally active. HDACi's have been used in various Autoimmune Disorders, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and systemic onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis. They have also proven useful for treating cancer, since they are structurally diverse and only effect 2-10% of expressed genes. Using HDAC Inhibitors for the treatment of psychiatric
and neurodegenerative diseases has shown promising results in early studies. Additionally, studies have demonstrated that HDACi are useful in minimizing damage after a stroke, and encouraging angiogenesis and myogenesis in embryonic cells.
DNA methyltransferase inhibitors.
One of the common characteristics of various types of cancer is hypermethylation of a tumor suppressing gene. Repression of this methyltransferase action at targeted loci can prevent recurring transfer of methyl groups to these sites and keep them open to transcriptional machinery, allowing more tumor-suppression genes to be made. These drugs are typically cytidine derivatives. These drugs tether DNMT to the DNA and prevent their continued action. Treatments that inhibit DNMT function without attachment to DNA (which can cause toxic effects) show they could be effective treatment options but they are not developed enough to see widespread use.

</doc>
<doc id="56840883" url="?curid=56840883" title="Kovalevskaia Fund">
Kovalevskaia Fund


</doc>
<doc id="56840886" url="?curid=56840886" title="Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land case">
Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land case

Rohtak-Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan Model Township land grab case pertains to illegal acquisition and licensing of 850.88 acres land under Bhupinder Singh Hooda's rule as the Chief Minister of Haryana. Hooda acquired land from illiterate poor farmers at a throwaway prices in the name of "public interest" and later licensed this land to builders by granting them out-of-turn favors, which resulted in exponential increase in the land value, causing gains to big builders. HUDA issued notification on 11 April 2002 for acquiring 850.88 acres land for residential and commercial development in Sector 27-28 of Rohtak However, which was later reduced to acquire 441.11 acre on 8 April 2003. A private builder, Uddar Gagan Properties Limited, was granted license by Hooda' government to develop a colony across 280 acres of the released land [excluded from government acquisition], thus accruing illegal gains to private middlemen. HUDA issued notification on 11 April 2002 for acquiring 850.88 acres land for residential and commercial development in Sector 27-28 of Rohtak However, which was later reduced to acquire 441.11 acre on 8 April 2003. A private builder, Uddar Gagan Properties Limited, was granted license by Hooda' government to develop a colony across 280 acres of the released land [excluded from government acquisition], thus accruing illegal gains to private middlemen. Uddar Gagan is owned by Zee.
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) inquiry against Hooda and others is currently underway. Earlier, Punjab and Haryana High Court in March 2013 and the Supreme Court of India in May 2016 had already cancelled the government's decision to release land to the private colonizer.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018). During his 10-year rule as Chief Minister, Hooda, licensed a massive 24,825 acres of land compared to mere 8,550.32 acres by other Chief Ministers in the 23 years prior to Hooda's rule.
Details.
Modus of scam.
Builders coerce farmers to sell their land by getting the government to use the Section 4 of the land law to have a government notification issued to the farmer that their land is required for the "public purpose". Builders try to acquire this land by offering a small premium above the government's rate for the acquisition of the land. If landowners farmers still resist the sale, then Section 6 of land law is applied by declaring the government's intention to acquire land, which forces the reluctant farmers to sell the land to builders at small premium. Once the land is acquired by the builders, government cancels the acquisition process and releases the land to new build owners, along with the change in land use permission to build residential and industrial building on the farm land. This results in steep rise in the land prices, resulting in massive gains for the builders, opportunity cost loss to the farmers and land tax revenue loss to the government.
Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), now known as Haryana Shahari Vikas Pradhikaran, notified acquisition of 850 acres in 2002, but it acquired only 441 acres April 2003, and remaining land was released to private builders for developing a colony. 280 acres in Rohtak Garhi Sampla was released from acquisition in the same way as it was done in Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam Manesar during Hooda's administration. On 2 March 2015, builder Uddar Gagan Properties Limited acquired 280 acre land of farmers-owners at throwaway prices under the threat of acquisition at even lower prices. Uddar Gagan in the same month applied to the Haryana Town and Country Planning Department for grant of licence to develop a colony, which was granted in July 2016 and the land was released from the government acquisition process, and instead of returning to the farmers it was released to the builder based on execution of sale deeds favouring the builder through power of attorney.&lt;.
High court and Supreme court cases.
Punjab and Haryana High Court in March 2013 gave relief to farmers landowners by quashing the government's decision to release and license the land to private colonizers. This decision to quash the "illegal and deceptive" actions of Hooda administration were reconfirmed by the Supreme Court of India in May 2016. Two senior officers in the office of CM Hooda were indicted for allegedly favouring the developers. Supreme court ordered that the money paid by builders, such as Uddar Gagan, to land owners will not be returned. Money paid by builders to government, land owners and spent on land development will be repaid by the government. People who had bought the developed properties from the builders will either receive the property or the refund. Government/HUDA will own the land.
Current status: CBI inquiry.
Subsequently, in March 2018 the Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar BJP's Government of Haryana referred the case to CBI to conduct further investigation against Hooda and others. Supreme Court had also ordered Haryana Government to take action on the Dhingra Commission's report, set up to investigate grant of land licences, so that "pending issues could be cracked".

</doc>
<doc id="56840887" url="?curid=56840887" title="56 Old Church Street">
56 Old Church Street

The Old Rectory is a grade II listed house in Old Church Street, Chelsea, London.
House and gardens.
The current house mostly dates to about 1725, the early Georgian period, but the site itself was given by the Marquis of Winchester in 1566. The Old Rectory has two acres of gardens, the largest private garden in London apart from Buckingham Palace and Witanhurst.
Nineteenth century.
It was formerly home to the rector of Chelsea parish church, which was Chelsea Old Church, which dates from 1157, until the larger St Luke's Church, Chelsea was consecrated in 1824, when the rector from 1805 to 1832 was George Valerian Wellesley, brother of the Duke of Wellington. 1815's Battle of Waterloo was planned in the garden.
From 1824 to 1830, Henry Blunt was George Wellesley's curate, then became the first rector of Trinity Church in Sloane Street, but turned down the post of rector of St Luke's offered to him by Lord Cadogan.
Other notable rectors have included Charles Kingsley Sr (rector from 1836 to 1860), father of Charles Kingsley author of "The Water Babies", and Gerald Blunt, father of Chelsea historian Reginald Blunt.
Twentieth century and later.
From 1990 to 1994, it was refurbished under the supervision of the South African developers Collett and Champion (Anthony Collett and David Champion), with funding provided by the Japanese businessman, Norikazu Nemoto, with all three being directors of Toyoko Metropolitan Company (TMC). Two "huge wings" were added, with ten bedroom suites and a "massive ballroom". It was being marketed at around £25 million, and they were also developing the next-door 58 Old Church Street. In February 1995, it sold for £22 million to Greek shipping magnate Theodore Angelopoulos, and was for many years London's largest and most expensive property sale in the UK.
In 2001, Norwegian shipping magnate John Fredriksen bought the property for £37 million. In 2004, it was reported in "The Evening Standard" that Roman Abramovich had offered £100 million for the 30,000 square feet house even though it was not for sale. In 2012, "The Washington Post" reported the property was "worth US$172 million". In 2015, "The Tatler" included the Old Rectory in their list of "The best private ballrooms". Country Life reported the house discreetly listed in 2020.
List of rectors.
The rectory has had the following rectors since it has been at its present location:

</doc>
<doc id="56840904" url="?curid=56840904" title="Old Rectory, Chelsea">
Old Rectory, Chelsea


</doc>
<doc id="56840907" url="?curid=56840907" title="The Old Rectory, Chelsea">
The Old Rectory, Chelsea


</doc>
<doc id="56840909" url="?curid=56840909" title="Judith Olszowy-Schlanger">
Judith Olszowy-Schlanger

Judith Olszowy-Schlanger, ( Olszowy; born 1967) is a French Jewish studies scholar who specialises in medieval Jewish documents. Since September 2018, she has been President of the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies at the University of Oxford.
Early life and education.
Olszowy-Schlanger was born in 1967. She studied modern Hebrew at the Institut National des Langues et Civilisations Orientales from 1987 to 1991, and Semitic and Ancient Near Eastern languages at the École des Langues Orientales Anciennes of the Institut Catholique de Paris from 1987 to 1990. She undertook doctoral studies at the University of Cambridge, where she was a member of St John's College, Cambridge and supervised by Geoffrey Khan.
She completed her Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in 1995 with a thesis titled "Karaite marriage contracts in the Middle Ages: a Cairo Geniza study".
Career.
Since 2002 Olszowy-Schlanger has been Professor of Hebrew and Judaeo-Arabic Manuscript Studies at the École Pratique des Hautes Études (EPHE) in Paris, France, a position she continues to hold in conjunction with her appointment at Oxford. From 2010 to 2014, she was also President of the European Association for Jewish Studies. In March 2018, she was announced as the next President of the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, University of Oxford. She took up the appointment on 1 September 2018, and was additionally elected a Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.
Honours.
In July 2015, Olszowy-Schlanger was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="56840910" url="?curid=56840910" title="FC CSCA Kyiv">
FC CSCA Kyiv


</doc>
<doc id="56840911" url="?curid=56840911" title="Central american peace accords">
Central american peace accords


</doc>
<doc id="56840917" url="?curid=56840917" title="Aurorazhdarchia">
Aurorazhdarchia


</doc>
<doc id="56840918" url="?curid=56840918" title="Yinon Azoulay">
Yinon Azoulay


</doc>
<doc id="56840926" url="?curid=56840926" title="Patricia Babbitt">
Patricia Babbitt

Patricia Clement Babbitt is a Professor and Principal Investigator (PI) in the school of pharmacy at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). 
Education.
Patricia Babbitt earned a PhD in pharmaceutical chemistry in 1988 from the University of California, San Francisco for research supervised by George L. Kenyon and Irwin Kuntz.
Career and research.
Babbitt serves as the director of the UCSF bioinformatics and medical informatics graduate program. She also serves on the advisory boards for the UniProt, InterPro and MetaCyc databases, the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) scientific review board, and as a deputy editor for "PLOS Computational Biology". Her research interests include bioinformatics and computational biology.
Awards and honors.
Babbitt was elected a Fellow of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) in 2018 for “outstanding contributions to the fields of computational biology and bioinformatics”.

</doc>
<doc id="56840927" url="?curid=56840927" title="De Rijke">
De Rijke

De Rijke is a Dutch surnames meaning "the rich (one)". Other forms include "De Rijk", "De Rijck" and "De Rijcke", while in Belgium the "ij" can be replaced with a "y" and the article can be merged with the adjective. The variants without an article ("Rijke") can also be of patronymic origin ("son of Rijk"). People with such surnames include:
As a nickname.
People in the Low Countries nicknamed "the rich" include:

</doc>
<doc id="56840932" url="?curid=56840932" title="SMS V191">
SMS V191

SMS "V191" was a "S-138"-class large torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy. She was built by the AG Vulcan shipyard at Stettin between 1910 and 1911 and launched on 2 June 1911.
"V191" took part the First World War. She was present at the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914. She was sunk when she struck a Russian mine in the Baltic on 17 December 1915
Construction and design.
The Imperial German Navy ordered 12 large torpedo boats ("Große Torpedoboote") as part of the fiscal year 1910 shipbuilding programme, with one half-flotilla of six ships ("V186"–"V191") ordered from AG Vulcan and the other six ships from Germaniawerft. The two groups of torpedo boats were of basically similar layout but differed slightly in detailed design, with a gradual evolution of design and increase in displacement with each year's orders.
"V191" was long overall and between perpendiculars, with a beam of and a draught of . The ship displaced design and deep load.
Three coal-fired and one oil-fired water-tube boiler fed steam at a pressure of to two sets of direct-drive steam turbines. The ship's machinery was rated at giving a design speed of , with members of the class reaching a speed of during sea trials. 136 tons of coal and 67 tons of oil fuel were carried, giving an endurance of at , at or at .
The ship was armed with two 8.8 cm L/45 guns, one on the Forecastle and one aft. Four single 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes were fitted, with two on the ship's beam in the gap between the forecastle and the ship's bridge which were capable of firing straight ahead, one between the ship's two funnels, and one aft of the funnels. The ship had a crew of 84 officers and men.
"V191" was laid down at AG Vulcan's Stettin shipyard as Yard number 309 and was launched on 2 June 1911 and completed on 28 September 1911.
Service.
First World War.
On 28 August 1914, the British Harwich Force, supported by light cruisers and battlecruisers of the Grand Fleet, carried out a raid towards Heligoland with the intention of destroying patrolling German torpedo boats. The German defensive patrols around Heligoland consisted of one flotilla (I Torpedo Flotilla) of 12 modern torpedo boats forming an outer patrol line about North and West of Heligoland, with an inner line of older torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division at about . Four German light cruisers and another flotilla of torpedo boats (V Torpedo Boat Flotilla) was in the vicinity of Heligoland. "V191 ", a member of the 1st Half Flotilla of I Torpedo Boat Flotilla, formed part of the outer screen of torpedo boats. At about 06:00 on 28 August, , another member of the outer screen reported spotting the periscope of a submarine. As a result, the 5th Torpedo Boat Flotilla was ordered out to hunt the hostile submarine. At 07:57 "G194" was fired on by British warships, and was soon retreating towards Heligoland, pursued by four British destroyers. V Flotilla and the old torpedo boats of the 3rd Minesweeping Division also came under British fire, and were only saved by the intervention of the German cruisers and , with the torpedo boats , and "T33" damaged. "V191" managed to successfully avoid the British ships and returned to base. However, sister ship , leader of I Flotilla, ran into the midst of the Harwich force when trying to return to Heligoland and was sunk. The intervention of the supporting British forces resulted in the sinking of the German cruisers , and . The British light cruiser and destroyers , and were badly damaged but safely returned to base.
In August 1915 the Germans detached a large portion of the High Seas Fleet for operations in the Gulf of Riga in support of the advance of German troops. It was planned to enter the Gulf via the Irben Strait, defeating any Russian naval forces and mining the entrance to Moon Sound. The torpedo boats of I Flotilla, including "V191" was deployed in support of these operations, with "V191", and encountering and exchanging fire with the large Russian destroyer and two smaller destroyers of the "Emir Bukharski"-class on 11 August. On 17 December 1915, "V191" and the light cruiser were sunk in a minefield between Windau (now Ventspils, Latvia) and Lyserot. 25 of "V191"s crew were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="56840936" url="?curid=56840936" title="Fur Act">
Fur Act

The Fur Products Labeling Act (, 15 U.S.C. § 69), otherwise known as the Fur Act, is a United States act banning the misbranding of fur products and requiring a name guide for fur products, among other things. The act does not apply to fur gained from trapping or hunting and does not apply to the face to face transactions between the customer and the seller, provided the seller trapped or hunted the animal the fur originated from, the location of sale is not the seller's own permanent business premises and that the income generated by sales is not the seller's primary income.

</doc>
<doc id="56840953" url="?curid=56840953" title="Sodium D lines">
Sodium D lines


</doc>
<doc id="56840954" url="?curid=56840954" title="Souk Kriaa">
Souk Kriaa

Souk Kriaa (Arabic : سوق قريعة) or The New Souk that is also known as Souk El Msakkaf is one of the markets of the medina of Sfax.
Localization.
It is located outside of the northern medina's fences right in front of Bab Jebli. It is principally home to fabric shops, household machines and butchers.
History.
The souk was designed by the French architect Bernard Zehrfuss, it was opened in 1952. In 2000, it got classified as a national historical monument by the National Institute of Heritage.
The souk carries the last name of the contractor and the main builder Mohamed Kriaa.
Architecture.
Souk Kriaa is a covered space with an irregular pentagon shape, with four domed wings and a huge entrance that contains a huge dome. It surrounds Souk El Hout from all four sides.
After the World War II, due to the immense lack of building materials (like iron and cement etc.), Mohammed Kriaa preferred using local materials to build the souk. That's how it was built using the traditional way with local stones and lime. As for the roof, the domes and barrels were made using clay bricks, depending on huge arcs that are a little bit cracked.
All these details emphasize the view and the aesthetic integration of the souk in its environment, to the point that it is still considered as an extension to the medina of Sfax. This building is well integrated in its environment and it is a component that can not be ignored in the urban scene of the center of Sfax.

</doc>
<doc id="56840955" url="?curid=56840955" title="Chigusa Kitani">
Chigusa Kitani

 was a Japanese painter and painting teacher in Taishō and Shōwa Japan.
Life.
Born Chigusa Kitani at Kita-ku, Osaka , the center of the Osaka (the second largest metropolitan area in Japan), in 1895 under the name .
While studying at Shimizudani Girls' High School, She studied Bird-and-flower painting under who is a famous painter of the . She moved to Tokyo in 1913 (Taishō 2) to study under .
After returning to Osaka, She became a pupil of and . Kitano is famous painter who draws ( .
In 1919, She started studying under in Kyoto.
She trained in Seattle, Washington, in the United States for two years from the age of 13, and her work was exhibited throughout Japan.
In 1920, She married , a researcher on Chikamatsu Monzaemon (dramatist of jōruri). In the same year, She established a painting school and at her home in Osaka. She aimed to nurture, instruct and improve the status of female painters.
She died in 1947 (Shōwa 22) in the Minamikawachi of Osaka at the age of 51.
Works.
In 1915, Chigusa Kitani was 20years old, was selected for the first as and for the 9th as .This Hari-Kuyō is a work depicting a Geisha girl in Kyoto.
She showed her works at the exhibitions such as , and Yachigusakai-ten (Yachigusakai's Exhibition).

</doc>
<doc id="56840956" url="?curid=56840956" title="Sodium doublet">
Sodium doublet


</doc>
<doc id="56840959" url="?curid=56840959" title="Bill c16">
Bill c16


</doc>
<doc id="56840960" url="?curid=56840960" title="Calcium H &amp; K lines">
Calcium H &amp; K lines


</doc>
<doc id="56840965" url="?curid=56840965" title="Calcium H and K lines">
Calcium H and K lines


</doc>
<doc id="56840966" url="?curid=56840966" title="Calcium H line">
Calcium H line


</doc>
<doc id="56840970" url="?curid=56840970" title="Calcium K line">
Calcium K line


</doc>
<doc id="56840984" url="?curid=56840984" title="West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2016">
West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2016


</doc>
<doc id="56841000" url="?curid=56841000" title="West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2017">
West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2017


</doc>
<doc id="56841006" url="?curid=56841006" title="2015 European Games opening ceremony">
2015 European Games opening ceremony

The Opening Ceremony of the 2015 European Games was the official opening ceremony held in the afternoon at 9:00PM Baku Time (GMT+4) on June 12, 2015 in the Baku Olympic Stadium in Baku, Azerbaijan. It was attended by the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, the President of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, the Vice President of Azerbaijan, Mehriban Aliyeva, and the President of the European Olympic Committee Patrick Hickey.The ceremony was attended by 68,000 spectators gathered at the Olympic Stadium, as well as hundreds of millions of online viewers. More than 300 creative teams from 28 countries were involved in organizing the ceremony. The cost of organizing of the ceremony was about 100 million U.S. dollars. The opening ceremony was directed by artistic choreographer Dimitris Papaioannou who was praised for his work during 2004 Summer Olympics.
Ceremony.
A fanfare drew attention to the Presidential Box and welcomed President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, First Lady, Chair of Baku 2015 European Games Organizing Committee Mehriban Aliyeva and President of the European Olympic Committees Patrick Hickey. The flag of Azerbaijan was carried by eight and raised by three servicemen of the National Guard of the Special State Protection Service of Azerbaijan.
The torchbearer, Ilham Zakiyev, who is an Azerbaijani blind judoka, entered the stadium and was accompanied by Said Guliyev. Zakiyev and Guliyev made their way to the center of the stadium to light the Olympic cauldron. A traditional parade of nations was then held, which was opened by Greece, and ended with the representatives of the host team, Azerbaijan. After this, the First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva delivered a speech, followed by a speech by the President of the European Olympic Committees Patrick Hickey. After Hickey's remarks, the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev declared the European Games open.
American Singer Lady Gaga performed "Imagine", a cover from John Lennon at the event. The shapeshifting scene featured the representations of Yanar Dag and the Gobustan rock carvings, in particular. The woman on the stage (Nargiz Nasirzade) and the man (Aydemir Aydemirov) embodied the arrival of spring. Two thousand artists gathered at the scene to perform the yalli dance at the end. The opening ceremony was broadcast live on the official YouTube channel of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="56841011" url="?curid=56841011" title="West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2016 17">
West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in the UAE in 2016 17


</doc>
<doc id="56841018" url="?curid=56841018" title="Kim Dong-baek">
Kim Dong-baek

Kim Dong-baek (born 18 August 1941) is a South Korean alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56841027" url="?curid=56841027" title="Eunice Atuejide">
Eunice Atuejide

Eunice Uche Julian Atuejide (born 16 August 1978) is a Nigerian businesswoman, lawyer, and politician. She is best known for founding the National Interest Party (NIP). and also the 2019 Nigeria Presidential candidate for the National Interest Party (NIP).
Early life and education.
Eunice Atuejide (born 16 August 1978) is a Nigerian business woman, lawyer, and politician. Atuejide was born and raised in Lagos State Nigeria, although her family originates from Enugu State. She is best known for founding the youth led, technology driven political party known as the National Interest Party (NIP) in Nigeria. She attended Onike Girls Primary School in Lagos, spent one year in the affiliat ed secondary school before transferring to Reagan Memorial Girls Secondary School also in Lagos. She moved to University of Ibadan to study Agricultural Economics.
Atuejide participated in Taekwondo throughout her secondary and tertiary education and was among the team that represented the University of Ibadan at NUGA games from 1996 to 1999. She achieved the black belt 1st Dan in 2005 with BUDO Taekwondo Club in Siegen Germany.
Atuejide dropped out of Agricultural Economics at the University of Ibadan and took the Diploma in French Language at the Institut Internationale d’Etudes Française, in Université Marc Bloch, Strasbourg, France. There, she met her first husband Frank Becker and moved to Germany. She did the Diploma in German Language at the Sprahenschule Siegerland. She took the Deutsche Sprachprüfung für den Hochschulzugang (DSH) and enrolled at the University of Siegen, where she studied Business Administration.
Atuejide took the Diploma in Film Making and Acting at the New York Film Academy and Sally Johnson’s Studios respectively, both in New York City, USA. After seven years making and promoting Nigerian movies and while raising her family, she went back to school to study law. She completed the Graduate Diploma in Law, the Graduate LLB, the Legal Practice Course, and the LLM in Professional Legal Practice at BPP University, London, United Kingdom. She then moved back to Nigeria where she completed the professional training programme required for enrolment as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.
Career.
As a lawyer, Atuejide practices in both Nigeria and the United Kingdom. As a businesswoman, she is involved with IT Consultancy including website development and management for SMEs and charities. She also sources funding for businesses in Europe and infrastructure projects in Africa, Latin America and Asia. 
Atuejide’s interest in politics was piqued while she was at the Nigerian Law School in Abuja. She pulled together her colleagues at the law school who shared similar political ideals with her, and they together set out on the journey to form a political party. This resulted in the formation and registration of the National Interest Party (NIP) in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56841028" url="?curid=56841028" title="Kim Dong-Baek">
Kim Dong-Baek


</doc>
<doc id="56841030" url="?curid=56841030" title="Dhoom Machao Dhoom">
Dhoom Machao Dhoom


</doc>
<doc id="56841031" url="?curid=56841031" title="Kim Dong-Bok">
Kim Dong-Bok


</doc>
<doc id="56841033" url="?curid=56841033" title="Kim Dong-Bock">
Kim Dong-Bock


</doc>
<doc id="56841034" url="?curid=56841034" title="West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in UAE in 2016-17">
West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in UAE in 2016-17


</doc>
<doc id="56841036" url="?curid=56841036" title="Bette Shubrook">
Bette Shubrook


</doc>
<doc id="56841037" url="?curid=56841037" title="K-line (spectrometry)">
K-line (spectrometry)

K-line in spectrometry refers to one of two different spectral features:

</doc>
<doc id="56841039" url="?curid=56841039" title="Kim Dong-bock">
Kim Dong-bock


</doc>
<doc id="56841043" url="?curid=56841043" title="NEC SX-Aurora TSUBASA">
NEC SX-Aurora TSUBASA

The NEC SX-Aurora TSUBASA is a vector processor of the NEC SX architecture family. Unlike previous SX supercomputers, the SX-Aurora TSUBASA is provided as a PCIe card, termed by NEC as a "Vector Engine" (VE). Eight VE cards can be inserted into a vector host (VH) which is typically a x86-64 server running the Linux operating system. The product has been announced in a press release on 25 October 2017 and NEC has started selling it in February 2018. The product succeeds the SX-ACE.
Hardware.
SX-Aurora TSUBASA is a successor to the NEC SX series and SUPER-UX, which are vector computer systems upon which the Earth Simulator supercomputer is based. Its hardware consists of x86 Linux hosts with vector engines (VEs) connected via PCI express (PCIe) interconnect.
High memory bandwidth (0.75–1.2 TB/s), comes from eight cores and six HBM2 memory modules on a silicon interposer implemented in the form-factor of a PCIe card. Operating system functionality for the VE is offloaded to the VH and handled mainly by user space daemons running the VEOS.
Depending on the clock frequency (1.4 or 1.6 GHz), each VE CPU has eight cores and a peak performance of 2.15 or 2.45 TFLOPS in double precision. The processor has the world's first implementation of six HBM2 modules on a Silicon interposer with a total of 24 or 48GB of high bandwidth memory. It is integrated in the form-factor of a standard full length, full height, double width PCIe card that is hosted by an x86_64 server, the Vector Host (VH). The server can host up to eight VEs, clusters VHs can scale to arbitrary number of nodes.
Product releases.
Version 2 Vector Engine
Version 1 Vector Engine
The version 1.0 of the Vector Engine was produced in 16 nm FinFET process (from TSMC) and released in three SKUs (subsequent versions add an E at the end):
Functional units.
Each of the eight SX-Aurora cores has 64 logical vector registers. These have 256 x 64 Bits length implemented as a mix of pipeline and 32-fold parallel SIMD units. The registers are connected to three FMA floating-point multiply and add units that can run in parallel, as well as two ALU arithmetical logical units handling fixed point operations and a divide and square root pipe. Considering only the FMA units and their 32-fold SIMD parallelism, a vector core is capable of 192 double precision operations per cycle. In "packed" vector operations, where two single precision values are loaded into the space of one double precision slot in the vector registers, the vector unit delivers twice as many operations per clock cycle compared to double precision.
A Scalar Processing Unit (SPU) handles non-vector instructions on each of the cores.
Memory and caches.
The memory of the SX-Aurora TSUBASA processor consists of six HBM2 second generation high-bandwidth memory modules implemented in the same package as the CPU with the help of Chip-on-Wafer-on-Substrate technology. Depending on the processor model, the HBM2 modules are either 4 or 8 die 3D modules with either 4 or 8 GB capacity, each. The SX-Aurora CPUs thus have either 24GB or 48GB HBM2 memory. The models implemented with large HBM2 modules have 1.2TB/s memory bandwidth.
The cores of a vector engine share 16MB of "Last-Level-Cache" (LLC), a write-back cache directly connected to the vector registers and the L2 cache of the SPU. The LLC cache line size is 128 Bytes. The priority of data retention in the LLC can to some extent be controlled in software, allowing the programmer to specify which of the variables or arrays should be retained in cache, a feature comparable to that of the Advanced Data Buffer (ADB) of the NEC SX-ACE.
Platforms.
NEC is currently selling the SX-Aurora TSUBASA vector engine integrated into four platforms:
Within a VH node VEs can communicate with each other through PCIe. Large parallel systems built with SX-Aurora use Infiniband in a PeerDirect setup as interconnect.
NEC also used to sell the SX-Aurora TSUBASA vector engine integrated into five platforms:
All types are exclusively air cooled with the exception of the A500 series, which also utilizes watercooling.
Software.
Operating system.
The operating system of the vector engine (VE) is called "VEOS", and has been offloaded entirely to the host system, the vector host (VH). VEOS consists of kernel modules and user space daemons that:
VEOS supports multitasking on the VE and almost all Linux system calls are supported in the VE libc. Offloading operating system services to the VH shifts OS jitter away from the VE at the expense of increased latencies. All VE operating system related packages are licensed under the GNU General Public License and have been published at .
NEC later seems to have abandoned VEOS in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS. 
Software development.
A Software Development Kit is available from NEC for developers and customers. It contains proprietary products and must be purchased from NEC. The SDK contains:
NEC MPI is also a proprietary implementation and is conforming to the MPI-3.1 standard specification.
Hybrid programs can be created that use the VE as an accelerator for certain host kernel functions by using VE offloading C-API. To some extent VE offloading is comparable to OpenCL and CUDA, but provides a simpler API and allows the kernels to be developed in normal C, C++ or Fortran and use almost any syscall on the VE. Python bindings to VEO are available at .

</doc>
<doc id="56841061" url="?curid=56841061" title="Michel Arpin">
Michel Arpin

Michel Arpin (29 December 1935 – 30 May 2015) was a French alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56841062" url="?curid=56841062" title="California Credit Union">
California Credit Union

California Credit Union (CCU), previously known as the Los Angeles Teachers Credit Union, is a state-chartered credit union in Southern California that focuses on providing financial services to teachers and others in the education community.
 it was the 14th largest credit union by asset size in California with $3 billion in assets and 24 branches.
History.
Los Angeles Teachers Credit Union was founded in 1933 to provide financial services to teachers and others in the education community. 
A branch of the credit union was held up by three armed robbers in 1996.
In 2011, the credit union reacquired the building at 701 N. Brand in Los Angeles as its headquarters from "MPG Office Trust". The credit union had originally sold the building in 2006.
Effective March 1, 2017, it merged with North Island Credit Union of San Diego.
After the acquisition the organisation was renamed as the California Credit Union.
Membership.
CCU has more than 165,000 members. Membership is available to individuals and businesses in Los Angeles, San Diego, Riverside, and Orange counties, and to residents of California who meet one of the following requirements:
Regulation.
California Credit Union is regulated under the authority of both the California Department of Financial Institutions and the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), an agency of the U.S. federal government. Deposits are federally insured by the NCUA.

</doc>
<doc id="56841064" url="?curid=56841064" title="Sattar Alghanem">
Sattar Alghanem

Sattar Jabar Alghanem (Arabic:الدكتور ستار الغانم) (born 2 February 1967) is an Iraqi politician who served as a deputy in the Iraqi parliament. He is a leader in the Badr Organization. Holds a PhD in Social Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="56841067" url="?curid=56841067" title="Olivia Vieweg">
Olivia Vieweg

Olivia Vieweg (born October 3, 1987 in Jena) is a German cartoonist and author, also a cartoonist and editor of comic anthologies. She made the comic novels "Huck Finn" and "Antoinette returns".
Biography.
Vieweg spent her first ten years in a Plattenbau on Bundesautobahn 4. Her first point of contact with the medium comic is uncertain, but she herself states the funny paperback as likely. More striking for her was Sailor Moon, her first shorter comic books were written in the manga- influenced so-called "Germangaka" scene. Even as a student, she designed poster designs for the Jenaer Philharmonie. In education in Jena drew them much, especially cats. She continued this theme during her studies (Visual Communication at Bauhaus University, Weimar) in a series of cartoons published by Carlsen Verlag. 2009-2010 done her first exhibition, together with Katja Klengel, the City Museum Gera. In 2011 she graduated with the zombie comic "Endzeit".
Vieweg lives in Weimar. She worked as an illustrator of the children's book series "Vampirinternat Schloss Schauerfels" and colorist of the comic series Zilverpijl. She also works in advertising. In December 2012, she gave birth to a son. In 2014 she was admitted to the screenwriting workshop in Munich. She also took over on 6 July 2014, vacant by the departure of Arne Bellstorf site of the comic strip on the back of the Sunday Supplement of Der Tagesspiegel to which they every four weeks alternating with Flix, Mawil and Tim Dinter released. She has a penchant for Persian cats.
Bibliography.
Comics
Cartoons
Anthology contributions
As editor

</doc>
<doc id="56841069" url="?curid=56841069" title="Society of Women Writers &amp; Journalists">
Society of Women Writers &amp; Journalists


</doc>
<doc id="56841072" url="?curid=56841072" title="SWWJ">
SWWJ


</doc>
<doc id="56841081" url="?curid=56841081" title="Ernst Scherzer">
Ernst Scherzer

Ernst Scherzer (born 5 October 1937) is a German alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1964 Winter Olympics. He worked for the Stasi between 1977 and 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="56841087" url="?curid=56841087" title="Better Call Saul (Season 2)">
Better Call Saul (Season 2)


</doc>
<doc id="56841095" url="?curid=56841095" title="Seberg">
Seberg

Seberg is a 2019 political thriller film directed by Benedict Andrews, from a screenplay by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse based on the life of Jean Seberg. It stars Kristen Stewart, Jack O'Connell, Margaret Qualley, Zazie Beetz, Anthony Mackie, and Vince Vaughn.
It had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on August 30, 2019. It was released in the United Kingdom on January 10, 2020, by Universal Pictures and in North America on February 21, 2020, by Amazon Studios, after an awards-qualifying run on December 13, 2019.
Plot.
Jean Seberg is a famous American actress known for playing the female lead in Jean-Luc Godard's film "Breathless". She is in an open marriage with her husband, Romain Gary, with whom she is raising a child in Paris. She prepares to leave on a trip to Hollywood to promote her career there and parts lovingly with her husband. On the jet flight in first class, she witnesses a black activist causing a scene, insisting on sitting wherever he wants on the plane plus preferential treatment for Malcolm X's widow, claiming she should be treated like "royalty"; Seberg appears to be attracted to the passenger, who introduces himself as Hakim Jamal, a member of the Black Panthers and with whom she later starts a sexual relationship.
Upon arrival in the U.S., Seberg notices that the Black activists at the airport begin a small protest there to indicate their displeasure with the treatment which Jamal and his traveling companions have received on their flight, suggesting the entire incident was staged for publicity and to embarrass the airline. Seberg joins the protesters and raises her fist in a black power salute in solidarity. Unbeknownst to her, the FBI are undercover at the airport and photograph her with the activists. The photograph is then processed and the FBI decides that they will shadow her activities while she is in the U.S. and arrange to have her phone conversations taped.
Seberg confronts Jamal to let him know she knows the incident on the plane was staged to get her attention. Seberg's friendship with Jamal soon grows into a sexual relationship, even though Jamal is also married. The FBI's surveillance program COINTELPRO begins to target Seberg, including recording her and Jamal having sex and showing it to Jamal's wife Dorothy, who attacks Seberg physically. Jamal leaves Seberg after Dorothy confronts him, leaving Seberg devastated.
The FBI continues its surveillance and harassment of Seberg for years, and the bad press it generates ruins her career. In 1970, her daughter dies in infancy, and COINTELPRO agents create a rumor that the baby was fathered by a member of the Black Panther Party. The combination of her daughter's death and the FBI's smear campaign about the child's paternity send her into a deep depression. Finally, in 1979, her career and personal life in shambles, she commits suicide.
Production.
In March 2018, it was announced Kristen Stewart, Jack O'Connell, Anthony Mackie, Margaret Qualley and Colm Meaney had joined the cast of the film, then titled "Against All Enemies". Benedict Andrews will direct the film from a screenplay by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse. Fred Berger, Brian Kavanaugh-Jones, Kate Garwood, Stephen Hopkins, Bradley Pilz, will produce the film under their Automatik and Bradley Pilz Productions banners, respectively. In April 2018, Zazie Beetz joined the cast of the film. In May 2018, Vince Vaughn, Yvan Attal and Stephen Root joined the cast of the film. In June 2018, Cornelius Smith Jr. and Jade Pettyjohn joined the cast of the film. In July 2018, Ser'Darius Blain joined the cast of the film.
Filming.
Principal production started June 2018 in Los Angeles. Production concluded on August 2, 2018.
Release.
Amazon Studios acquired distribution rights to "Against All Enemies" in February 2019. The film was retitled "Seberg", and had its world premiere out of competition at the Venice Film Festival on August 30, 2019. Universal Pictures distributed the film in all territories outside of America. It also screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2019. The film was released in the United States on December 13, 2019, in an Oscar qualifying run, before being released on February 21, 2020. and in the United Kingdom on January 10, 2020.
Critical response.
On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 35% based on 130 reviews, with an average rating of 5.4/10. The site's critics consensus reads, ""Seberg"s frustratingly superficial treatment of a fascinating true story does a disservice to its subject—and Kristen Stewart's performance in the central role." On Metacritic, the film holds a weighted average score of 54 out of 100, based on 28 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
"Time"'s annual best performances of the year list by Stephanie Zacharek listed Stewart as the tenth best performance of 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56841100" url="?curid=56841100" title="Bishop Babylonos">
Bishop Babylonos


</doc>
<doc id="56841101" url="?curid=56841101" title="Manuel Mena">
Manuel Mena

Manuel Mena (born 9 February 1946) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56841107" url="?curid=56841107" title="Clare Constance Maria Hoskyns-Abrahall">
Clare Constance Maria Hoskyns-Abrahall


</doc>
<doc id="56841109" url="?curid=56841109" title="Anavet Cup">
Anavet Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56841111" url="?curid=56841111" title="C.H. Abrahall">
C.H. Abrahall


</doc>
<doc id="56841118" url="?curid=56841118" title="C.M. Drury">
C.M. Drury


</doc>
<doc id="56841119" url="?curid=56841119" title="Sodo–Moyale–Suswa High Voltage Power Line">
Sodo–Moyale–Suswa High Voltage Power Line

Sodo–Moyale–Suswa High Voltage Power Line (or Ethiopia–Kenya HVDC Interconnector) is a 500 kV bipolar high-voltage direct current electricity power transmission line, under construction, connecting the Wolayta converter station () near Sodo, Ethiopia with the Suswa converter station () near Suswa, Kenya.
Location.
The power line starts at Sodo (Wolayta-Sodo), in Wolaita Zone, Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples Region, about , by road, south-west of Addis Ababa, the capital and largest city of Ethiopia. From Sodo, the power line runs in a south-easterly direction for approximately , as the crow flies, to Moyale, at the international border with Kenya.
From Moyale, the power line follows a south-westerly course to end near Suswa, in Kajiado County, approximately away, as the crow flies. The power line measures about , of which, approximately , is in Kenya.
Overview.
This power line serves one major purpose. It will enable Ethiopia to transfer surplus electricity to Kenya, for sale to the countries of the East African Community and the Great Lakes Region. The power generated in Ethiopia is less expensive than that generated in Kenya, and the new energy purchases are expected to lower the general power tariffs in Kenya and promote industrial growth in the country.
The entire power line in both countries is budgeted at KSh126 billion (approximately US$1.26 billion). Funding was sourced from the World Bank and the African Development Bank, the principal financier. Completion is expected in June 2019. In August 2018, The EastAfrican reported that at that time, 75 percent of the work in Kenya was complete, while simultaneously, 90 percent of the work in Ethiopia was complete, with commissioning expected in 2019.
Construction in Ethiopia.
The contractor for the , inside Ethiopia is "China Electric Power Equipment and Technology" (CET). CET is also responsible for cross-border cabling and a section in Kenya, near a place called Logologo. A new 500kV substation in Sodo is included in the scope of work. In September 2019, it was reported that CET had completed construction of the Ethiopian section of this power line.
Construction in Kenya.
KEC International Limited (KEC), an Indian company, is contracted to build the section from Elboro to Logologo, both in Marsabit County.
Larsen and Toubro Limited is responsible for building the section from Logologo to Kinamba in Laikipia County, measuring . The Kinamba to Suswa section is contracted to Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited, and it measures about . A new 500kV substation is included in the scope of work.
External links.
CIGRÉ South Africa 2015 conference paper:
Ethiopia–Kenya Power Systems Interconnection Project documents (including details, maps, etc.):

</doc>
<doc id="56841120" url="?curid=56841120" title="Bahattin Topal">
Bahattin Topal

Bahattin Topal (born 29 March 1942) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56841130" url="?curid=56841130" title="Diocese of Babylon">
Diocese of Babylon

Diocese/Archidocese/Province/Patriarchate of Babylon (the office and area) or Bishop/Archbishop/Patriarch of Babylon (the person) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56841132" url="?curid=56841132" title="Bishop of Babylon">
Bishop of Babylon


</doc>
<doc id="56841137" url="?curid=56841137" title="Joanne Robertson">
Joanne Robertson

Joanne Robertson Misko Anungo Kwe (Red Star Woman) is an Anishinaabe author, illustrator, and water protection activist. Joanne is a member of Atikameksheng Anishnawbek and is of the Bald Eagle clan.
Education and career.
Robertson graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Algoma University and Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig.
During her time as a student, Robertson started an environmental project known as "The Empty Glass for Water Campaign." The campaign began as a response to the drinking water crisis facing First Nations communities in the spring of 2009. The Campaign has a two-step action, one involving participants mailing an empty glass of water to the Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper with a letter outlining the need for action and the other focusing on the connection between prayer and water protection. She produced a short film about the Campaign called "Glass Action."
In 2011, Robertson produced the "Paquataskimik is Home" film as part of the Paquataskimik Project created by the NORDIK Institute. The film documented traditional Indigenous life along the Albany River.
Robertson is currently a walk coordinator for the Mother Earth Water Walkers and has written a children's book about the organization's founder, Josephine Mandamin. She is also currently involved with the ArtSpeaks Project, a Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario initiative which utilizes an arts-based practice to work with trauma survivors.
Literary works.
Robertson released a children's book in September 2017 titled "The Water Walker" published by Second Story Press. The book follows the journey of Josephine Mandamin to protect Nibi (water). The book includes an Ojibwe vocabulary and pronunciation page to help readers contextualize the Anishinaabe worldview. Robertson both wrote and illustrated the book. She began writing the book after coordinating the four directions walk in 2011 and meeting Josephine. The book was originally an entry into an indigenous writers competition that Robertson did not win, however the company was impressed and still offered her a publishing contract. Robertson has noted that the book's purpose is to continue spreading Josephine's message after she was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and unable to continue with future water walks. In September 2019 a dual language edition of "The Water Walker" was published, with translation into Ojibwe done by Shirley Williams and Isadore Toulouse.
Awards for "The Water Walker".
In 2020 Robertson published "Nibi Is Water and Water Is Life" with Second Story Press. This board book, aimed at young children is in both English and Anishinaabemowin The book talks about the ways children use and interact with water.

</doc>
<doc id="56841145" url="?curid=56841145" title="Archidocese of Babylon">
Archidocese of Babylon


</doc>
<doc id="56841148" url="?curid=56841148" title="Province of Babylon">
Province of Babylon


</doc>
<doc id="56841149" url="?curid=56841149" title="Calcium K-line">
Calcium K-line


</doc>
<doc id="56841151" url="?curid=56841151" title="Calcium H-line">
Calcium H-line


</doc>
<doc id="56841152" url="?curid=56841152" title="West Indian cricket team in Pakistan in 2018">
West Indian cricket team in Pakistan in 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56841156" url="?curid=56841156" title="Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land case">
Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land case

Sonepat-Kharkhoda Industrial Model Township land case being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against Bhupinder Singh Hooda. This under-investigation scam pertains to acquisition of 700 acre land in 3 villages near Kharkhoda in Sonepat district for the Industrial Model Township.. Punjab and Haryana High Court in March 2013 and the Supreme Court of India in May 2016 had cancelled the government's decision to release land to the private builder. Two senior officials in then Chief Minister Hooda's office were indicted for allegedly favouring the developers. Subsequently, in 2018 the Government of Haryana referred the case to CBI to investigate the against Hooda and others.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018). Hooda was acquiring land from poor, illiterate farmers at a low rate in the name of "public interest" only to later license this to builders after granting out-of-turn favors that helped the land value increase exponentially. During his 10-year rule as Chief Minister, Hooda, licensed a massive 24,825 acres of land compared to just 8,550.32 acres by successive Chief Ministers in the 23 years preceding Hooda rule.
Details.
Modus of scam.
Ashok Khemka, a senior Indian Administrative Service officer in of Haryana known for exposing corruption and for cancelling the mutation of Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra's illegal land deal in Gurgaon, had written to Chief Minister and Chief Secretary of Haryana to seek the CBI investigation, with the findings that both Rohtak and Sonipat land scams were more blatant than the Manesar scam. In 2005, Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) notified 885 acres for acquisition for housing colony for industrial workers in sectors 59 and 60 of Sonipat, out of which 300-acre land was illegally released to a private builder.
418 acres in Sonipat was released from acquisition in the same way as it was done in Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam Manesar during Hooda’s administration.
642 acres of land in 5 villages was notified for acquisition for developing residential and commercial sectors, by Haryana Urban Development Authority, and a notification was issued on 16 January 2004 to acquire 623.70 acres resulting in sales of land by farmers to builders at throwaway prices under the threat of acquisition. Once 418 acre of notified land was acquired by builders at throwaway prices, this was denotified and released from the acquisition, resulting in the illegal windfall gains for the builders at the expense of farmers.
Current status: CBI inquiry.
Subsequently, in March 2018 the Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar BJP's Government of Haryana referred the case to CBI to conduct further investigation against Hooda and others. Supreme Court had also ordered Haryana Government to take action on the Dhingra Commission's report, set up to investigate grant of land licences, so that "pending issues could be cracked".

</doc>
<doc id="56841169" url="?curid=56841169" title="West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in UAE in 2016">
West Indian cricket team against Pakistan in UAE in 2016


</doc>
<doc id="56841177" url="?curid=56841177" title="Pakistani cricket team in the West Indies in 2017">
Pakistani cricket team in the West Indies in 2017


</doc>
<doc id="56841180" url="?curid=56841180" title="California credit union">
California credit union


</doc>
<doc id="56841199" url="?curid=56841199" title="Egbert Jan Louwerse">
Egbert Jan Louwerse

Egbert Jan Louwerse (1975) is a flautist from the Netherlands. He is a professor of flute at the Prince Claus Conservatoire Groningen, part of the Hanze University, Groningen.
He studied with Pieter Odé and Marieke Schneemann at the Conservatory of Amsterdam where he graduated specialising in contemporary music. During his studies he also did courses in conducting, live electronics and composing. He also studied the microtonal systems and rhythmical complexity of South Indian Music. After graduation at highest possible level in Amsterdam, he went to France many times to study there with flute-legend Christian Lardé.
Although occasionally he works for several orchestra's, his love for chamber music kept growing, especially for French chamber music. In this important repertoire for the flute, he researched several elements in notation-forms in music from 1870, connected to the famous musician Paul Taffanel, which had led to another master's degree on this topic in 2017.
In 2015, he was awarded, by the Paris-based Société Academique "Arts-Sciences-Lettres", a Diploma de medaille d'Argent (a silver medal) for his work on French music throughout his career. Because of this remarkable decoration, the Hanze University Groningen enlisted him on 26 May 2016 in its "Walk of Fame".
Louwerse is regularly invited to lecture and give masterclasses at festivals and conservatories in the Netherlands, Spain, Belgium, Italy and China and is often seen as a jury-member in competitions.
He has duos with pianist Henry Kelder and harpist Manja Smits. He is part of the Dutch flutequartet and fluteoctet Blow Up!.
As a composer he has a contract with Domenus Publishing House of Contemporary Classical Music.

</doc>
<doc id="56841214" url="?curid=56841214" title="Metal-ammine complex">
Metal-ammine complex


</doc>
<doc id="56841217" url="?curid=56841217" title="Sega Genesis Classics Pack">
Sega Genesis Classics Pack


</doc>
<doc id="56841243" url="?curid=56841243" title="Bonita Boyd">
Bonita Boyd

Bonita Boyd (born August 1, 1949) is an American flutist, soloist and pedagogue. She has been the Professor of Flute at the Eastman School of Music since 1977, when she succeeded her mentor Joseph Mariano. Her primary teachers include Mariano, Maurice Sharp of the Cleveland Orchestra, and Roger Stevens of the Los Angeles Philharmonic. In 1971, she became the youngest principal flutist (at age 21) of a major American orchestra after winning the positions of principal flute with the Rochester Philharmonic. Following this position, her Alice Tully Hall debut was received as "a great success" and subsequent tour performances harkened her comparisons to Jean-Pierre Rampal and Sir James Galway. Boyd has held orchestral positions with the Aspen Festival Orchestra, Chautauqua Symphony and Filarmonica de las Americas.
Biography.
Bonita Boyd was born in Pittsburgh, but later moved with her family to Long Beach, California. She played piano and flute growing up, while studying privately with Maurice Sharp of the Cleveland Orchestra, and Roger Stevens of the Los Angeles Philharmonic. Occasionally, she would participate in competitions with both piano and flute pieces. before moving to study with Joseph Mariano at Eastman. She succeeded both of his positions at Eastman and the Rochester Philharmonic, making her the youngest principal flutist and the youngest person to hold both major academic and orchestral positions. She kept her position with the Philharmonic until 1984, when she pursued a more active solo career. Since that time, she has performed as a soloist with the National Gallery Orchestra, National Symphony of the Dominican Republic, Chautauqua Symphony, Concerto Soloists of Philadelphia, Denver Chamber Orchestra, Buffalo Philharmonic, Pusan (Korea) Symphony Orchestra, Western Australia Symphony, Queensland Symphony, Polish Radio Orchestra, and Vilnius (Lithuania) Chamber Orchestra.
She was awarded the National Flute Association's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012, an organization where she had previously served as president. Additionally, she has been awarded the Eisenhart Award for Excellence in Teaching by the Eastman School of Music. Boyd is collaborating and touring with guitarist Nicholas Goluses.
Personal life.
She was married to Swedish engineer Christian Soderstrom and together, the couple had three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="56841251" url="?curid=56841251" title="1950 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1950 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1950 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 16th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Dora Beregi and Helen Elliot defeated Gizi Farkas and Angelica Rozeanu in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56841259" url="?curid=56841259" title="Yerbolat Dosayev">
Yerbolat Dosayev


</doc>
<doc id="56841272" url="?curid=56841272" title="Brown spruce longhorn beetle">
Brown spruce longhorn beetle


</doc>
<doc id="56841278" url="?curid=56841278" title="Giv'at HaMerkaziz">
Giv'at HaMerkaziz


</doc>
<doc id="56841287" url="?curid=56841287" title="Mitzpe Yishai">
Mitzpe Yishai


</doc>
<doc id="56841293" url="?curid=56841293" title="Polyommatus iphigenia">
Polyommatus iphigenia

Polyommatus iphigenia is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It was described by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer in 1847. 
It is found in the Balkans and Asia Minor.
Description from Seitz.
Polyommatus iphigenia H.-Schaff. (81i) is again similar to "damon", above more greenish blue, with broad black border, the costal and apical areas of the hindwing also being black. The underside is paler and has smaller ocelli. Asia Minor and Persia.
Biology.
The larvae feed on "Onobrychis" species
Etymology.
Named in the classical tradition for Iphigenia.

</doc>
<doc id="56841296" url="?curid=56841296" title="Mohammed Naji">
Mohammed Naji

Mohammed Naji (Arabic:محمد ناجي محمد) (born 7 March 1965) is an Iraqi politician, Deputy in the Iraqi parliament, the head of the "Badr parliamentary organization" and Leading member of Badr Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="56841298" url="?curid=56841298" title="Brent–Dekker method">
Brent–Dekker method


</doc>
<doc id="56841300" url="?curid=56841300" title="Brent-Dekker method">
Brent-Dekker method


</doc>
<doc id="56841304" url="?curid=56841304" title="Civil Code of Spain">
Civil Code of Spain

The Civil Code of Spain (), formally the Royal Decree of 24 July 1889 () is the law that regulates the major aspects of Spanish civil law. It is one of the last civil codes in Continental Europe because of the sociopolitical, religious and territorial tensions that dominated 19th-century Spain. The code has been modified numerous times and remains in force.
Structure.
The structure of the Civil Code is heavily inspired by the French Civil Code of 1804. It is made up of 1976 articles.

</doc>
<doc id="56841307" url="?curid=56841307" title="Dave Weasel">
Dave Weasel

Dave Wezl (born September 22, 1984), better known by his stage name Dave Weasel is a Canadian-American stand-up comedian and writer known for his debut album "I'm 30", which peaked at #1 on the Billboard Comedy Charts for 5 straight weeks, and his news satire writing in The Valley Report website.

</doc>
<doc id="56841309" url="?curid=56841309" title="Black shield wasp">
Black shield wasp


</doc>
<doc id="56841319" url="?curid=56841319" title="Matthew Montagu">
Matthew Montagu


</doc>
<doc id="56841320" url="?curid=56841320" title="Orleans County, Louisiana">
Orleans County, Louisiana


</doc>
<doc id="56841327" url="?curid=56841327" title="Dorothy Griffiths">
Dorothy Griffiths

Dorothy Seymour "Dot" Griffiths, (born 26 May 1947) is a British academic and sociologist. She championed gender equality at Imperial College London, where she was a lecturer in sociology from 1969. She was Professor of Human Resource Management from 2002 to 2017.
Early life and education.
Griffiths was born on 26 May 1947 in London, England. She received a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree in sociology from the University of London in 1968, and a Master of Science (MSc) degree in Sociology of science and technology from the University of Bath.
Career.
In 1969 Griffiths joined Imperial College London. At Imperial she held many roles, including Dean of Imperial College Business School and Provost's Envoy for Gender Equality. She chaired the Academic Opportunities Committee and was Deputy Chair of the Graduate School of Engineering and Physical Sciences.
She acted as a consultant in Human Resource Management for major international organisations, including BP. Griffiths published extensively on management and organisational research. She was a founding editor of Feminist Review and Chair of the Feminist Review Trust. For several years, Griffiths was the coordinator of Imperial College's institutional Athena SWAN applications, creating a more supportive College community that benefitted all staff.
Griffiths campaigned for gender equality at Imperial, believing if the environment was better for women it would better for everyone. She was concerned that women hesitated before applying for prestigious research fellowships and chairs.
In 2004 she was elected a Fellow of the City and Guilds of London Institute. She was awarded an Order of the British Empire for services to Higher Education in 2010. She was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 2010. She helped to create the annual Women@Imperial and Diverse@Imperial weeks. Griffiths became non-executive director at the Central and North West London NHS Foundation Trust in 2000. In 2014 she became Chair of Central North West London NHS Foundation Trust. She was Chair of Governors at Salusbury Primary School and a Governor at Queen's Park Community School. She helped to establish the Science Toy Award at the Imperial Festival. She lists her recreations in Who's Who as 'work, cats, tennis when knees permit, watching sport, house in Cyprus, progressive politics.'

</doc>
<doc id="56841334" url="?curid=56841334" title="RSA Chase">
RSA Chase


</doc>
<doc id="56841340" url="?curid=56841340" title="Laura Curran">
Laura Curran

Laura Curran (born December 31, 1967) is a Canadian-American politician who has served as the County Executive of Nassau County since 2018. She is the 9th County Executive in Nassau County history and the first woman to hold the office. Curran worked as a reporter before serving in the Nassau County Legislature.
Early life and education.
Curran was born in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada. She moved around a lot as a child, and before turning 18, lived in Belgium, Pembroke Pines, Florida, Five Towns, New York City, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C.
In 1989, Curran earned a Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts from Sarah Lawrence College.
Career.
Curran previously served in the Nassau County Legislature from 2014 to 2017 and as a local school board member in her hometown of Baldwin. Prior to holding elective office, Curran worked as a reporter for the "New York Daily News" and "New York Post".
Nassau County Executive.
In 2017, Curran won a Sep 12 primary against Nassau County Comptroller George Maragos, who switched parties from Republican to Democratic.
In the general election, Curran won a contentious campaign against former New York State Senator and Mineola Village Mayor Jack Martins. The then sitting Nassau County Executive, Ed Mangano, had decided not to run for re-election following an indictment on federal corruption charges.
The campaign between Curran and Martins touched on gang violence (MS-13) and runaway property taxes, but ultimately centered on ethics. When polls closed on election night Curran, an underdog in the historically Republican Nassau County, had won 51 percent to 48 percent. She is the third Democrat to hold the position in 80 years.
Curran was sworn into office, January 1, 2018, by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on the steps of the Theodore Roosevelt Executive and Legislative Building (formerly the Old Nassau County Courthouse) during a frigid outdoor ceremony.
Administration and policies.
Among her first hires were former Long Island Rail Road President Helena Williams and former New York City Budget Director under Mayor Michael Bloomberg Mark Page. Williams was the railroad's longest-serving president in several decades, president of the nation's busiest commuter railroad, and the first woman to run any Metropolitan Transportation Authority agency. Page, as director of the city's Office of Management and Budget under NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg, oversaw the city's finances through the September 11 terror attacks, the Great Recession, and Super Storm Sandy.
Other early hires include an assistant state attorney general and former special counsel to the New York State Attorney General Public Integrity Bureau to enforce new ethics and procurement reform policies. Curran also appointed the first permanent commissioner of the Nassau County Police Department in more than four years. Curran's appointment, Patrick Ryder, previously served as commanding officer of the Asset Forfeiture and Intelligence Unit. Within the department, Ryder was largely credited with widespread adoption of new advances in technology to assist in crime reduction. Examples include Nassau's successful use of gunfire locator technology to reduce gun crime.
Assessment and Tax Relief.
Under Curran's predecessor, Nassau County froze the tax rolls in 2011. The rolls would remain frozen for nearly seven years. According to an exposè, the policy resulted in a $1.7 billion shift in the property tax burden that largely benefited wealthy residents over low-income, middle-class and elderly residents. In effect, the policy created a "separate and unequal" tax assessment and challenge system that benefited those who frequently challenged their annual property tax assessment over others who did not or were unable to do so.
To address the issue Curran issued an executive order unfreezing the tax rolls in March 2018 and signed legislation that would allow for the reassessment of all county properties by 2019. Additionally, Curran introduced a proposal providing tax relief to the homeowners who shouldered the majority of the tax burden shift under the 2011 freeze. The proposal called for a five-year, partial tax exemption that would be granted to owner of homes built before the freeze began in 2010, are assessed at a high level, and are worth $1 million or less. The resulting exemption would primarily benefit middle-income property owners who have not challenged their assessments successfully since the 2011 freeze and resultant tax shift.
Public Safety (Opioids).
Upon taking office Curran confronted the growing opioid epidemic which saw the drug claiming a record number of lives in the region. Curran, and Commissioner Ryder, quickly established a tech and intel-driven response to the opioid and heroin crises by working in conjunction with the U.S. DEA HIDTA program. Through the HIDTA program Curran and Ryder were able to fund and roll out the Overdose Detection Mapping Application Program (OD Map). Through ODMap police track overdoses reported to hospitals, fire and police officials and are able to predict waves of overdoses and try to prevent them as well as the crimes that often follow drug use. Curran, Ryder, and the program gained national attention when early results showed a precipitous drop in both fatal and non-fatal overdoses; 32 and 34 percent respectively.
Reforms.
Curran signed an executive order barring appointees from holding leadership positions in political parties or donating to her campaign. At the time the measure was considered to be the first in New York State history. Shortly after, Curran issued a "zero-tolerance" executive order banning gift-giving among vendors and employees involved with procurement or contracting procedures. Previously county employees could not accept gifts worth $75 or more.
No Names On Signs.
During the campaign Curran pledged that if elected she would remove the county executive's name from the county's parks and welcome signs. The pledge was a sharp break with tradition and an unusual measure by political standards. Of the pledge, The New York Times wrote, "Across the county's many parks, large signs welcome visitors with the county executive's name in giant letters, with the park's name in a smaller typeface. Ms. Curran has asked the county's public works department to simply remove the county executive's name altogether." Curran criticized the signs as self-promotional and a waster of taxpayer dollars.
Legalizing Marijuana.
In opposition with rising public opinion of her electorate and popular sentiment within the New York State Legislature, controlled by the Democratic Party in all 3 chambers at the time, Curran took a hardline stance against the legalization of recreational marijuana and announced that she intended to have Nassau County opt-out of the clause which would legalize marijuana that was included in an early version of the 2019 New York State Budget.
Bail reform.
Following a measure that eliminated cash bail passed by the New York State Legislature as part of the 2019 budget and was hailed as a landmark progressive legislation by supporters, Curran vigorously spoke out against the legislation to numerous media outlets, appeared on Fox News to oppose bail reform, and continued on efforts to form a coalition against the legislation.
AIPAC.
In a February 25, 2020, Facebook post, Curran wrote, "AIPAC is a vital voice for our relationship with one of our most important allies, Israel. And that’s why I’m proud to join them at their #AIPAC2020 conference next week."
Personal life.
Curran lives in Baldwin, Nassau County, New York, in the town of Hempstead. She is married and has three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="56841345" url="?curid=56841345" title="Spanish Civil Code">
Spanish Civil Code


</doc>
<doc id="56841354" url="?curid=56841354" title="Wildwood Hi-Rollers">
Wildwood Hi-Rollers


</doc>
<doc id="56841355" url="?curid=56841355" title="Dot Griffiths">
Dot Griffiths


</doc>
<doc id="56841361" url="?curid=56841361" title="Merle Temkin">
Merle Temkin

Merle Temkin is a New York City-based painter, sculptor and installation artist, known for vibrant, abstracted paintings based on her own enlarged fingerprint, and earlier site-specific, mirrored installations of the 1980s. Her work has often involved knitting-like processes of assemblage and re-assemblage, visual fragmentation and dislocation, and explorations of identity, the hand and body, and gender. In addition, critics have remarked on the play in her work between systematic experimentation and intuitive exploration. Her painted and sewn "Fingerprints" body of work has been noted for its "handmade" quality and "sheer formal beauty" in the "Chicago Sun-Times" and described elsewhere as an "intensely focused," obsessive joining of thread and paint with "the directness and desperation of marks on cave walls." Critic Dominique Nahas wrote "Temkin's labor-intensive cartography sutures the map of autobiography onto that of the universal in sharply revelatory ways." Her public sculptures have been recognized for their unexpected perceptual effects and encouragement of viewer participation. Temkin's work has been featured in publications including the "New York Times", "Artforum", "ARTnews", "New York Magazine", and the "Washington Post". Her work belongs to the permanent collections of the Racine Art Museum, Museum of Arts and Design in New York, and Israel Museum, among others.
Background &amp; Life.
Born in Chicago in 1937, Temkin attended the Rhode Island School of Design in the late 1950s before returning to earn a BFA in painting from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1959. While there, she painted in an Abstract-Expressionist style, but sought to develop an authentic voice of her own. Soon after graduating, she moved with her husband to San Francisco, where they had three children, Lara, David and Alex. Temkin continued to work in the 1960s, largely in collage, while taking courses at the San Francisco Art Institute, eventually earning an MFA in sculpture in 1974.
In 1978, a move to New York City opened new opportunities, including Temkin's distinctive mirrored installations of the 1980s and work co-editing the "Feminism and Ecology" issue (#13, 1981) of "", the feminist magazine. In 1987, her first permanent, site-specific commission—"Sundial" (1987), a work in which she etched the image of her hand into rocks—was accidentally destroyed in Israel just after completion; as a result, she shifted to interior, more personal works. By 1990, she embarked on the fingerprint paintings that would dominate her efforts for the next two decades. Temkin often finds inspiration in travel; seeing zebras in Africa suggested a new, striated approach to her fingerprint works, while an observation in London in 2010 spurred a shift in subject matter to trees. Temkin has exhibited throughout the U.S. and in Israel, Germany and South Korea, with solo exhibitions at PS1, Art Resources Transfer and Artists Space in New York, and the Chicago Cultural Center, and a sculpture commission at the National Building Museum in Washington D.C. She lives and works in New York City.
Work.
Temkin's work can be classified into three main bodies: site-specific installations and sculptures (1980–1987); mixed-media paintings based on her enlarged fingerprints (1990–2010); and paintings based on tree forms, begun in 2010. While distinct, each body share Temkin's "additive, bit-by-bit construction" method, use of fragmentation or scale to create perceptual surprises, and concentrated exploration process.
Site-specific installations &amp; sculpture.
Temkin's sculptural work has engaged with issues of identity, perception and participation, typically through the use of mirrors that create fragmented or distorted views, as well as visual blending of installation and environment. In the 1980s, she created a series of six-foot tall, sometimes-undulating "passageway" or arbor-like installations featuring two-inch strips of mirrored plexiglass with matching open intervals between them. These works elicited participation through the "confusion" caused by "strobe-light-quick alternations of reflection and background," encouraging a shift in perspective and a reconsideration of what constitutes art. The "New York Times"' Michael Brenson described one such work, "State of the Art" (1986), as a funhouse-like, voluptuous sculpture suggesting both Minimalism and Surrealism, through its effects of spatial and visual dislocation. Critic Grace Glueck wrote of an earlier work, "Backfire" (1984), that its "glamorous Art Deco look" "happily enlivened" its CUNY mall site. Temkin's public works of this type include: "Mirror-Fence for Joanne" and "Merlin's Canopy" (Artpark, Lewiston, NY, 1981); "Walk-Thru" (Ward's Island, NY, 1981); "Castle" (City Hall Park, NYC, 1982); and "Walker's Walk" (Piedmont Park, Atlanta, 1985).
By 1988, Temkin created public sculptures only by invitation. For "Making Waves" (Socrates Sculpture Park, Queens, NY, 1991) and "Diamonds and Zig-Zag" (National Building Museum, Washington D.C., 1996), she "stitched" over 3,000 small mirrors into the openings of chain-link fencing to create 80-foot and 150-foot long (respectively), site-specific installations. Depending on the view or weather conditions, these works alternately disappeared into the environment, sparkled in reflective patterns as mirrors moved in the wind, or offered viewers fragmented, shifting perspectives of themselves and their surroundings. Works in this vein include "City Gates" (Battery Park, NYC, 1979) and "Mirror Piece for Phyllis", a guerilla work Temkin installed on park backstops as part of a 1981 Washington Project for the Arts "Streetworks" show in D.C., which authorities forced her to remove.
Fingerprint mixed media paintings.
In 1990, Temkin began experimenting with her own greatly enlarged fingerprints, mixed-media, and non-traditional needlework. Working on large, unprimed canvasses that she stained, painted and stitched, she employed strategies of overlap, repetition, slippage, and disorienting shifts of scale to add rawness, incongruity and ambiguity to the pieces. She painted spots, whorls, ridges and scrabbled lines rendered in heavily layered impasto surfaces, rough embroidery and hot palettes of red, magenta, purple and black. This work moved toward abstraction, yet also suggested mazes, exotic animal hides, and "energetic patterns, recalling swarm cells, weather movements, cluster formations and other emergent phenomena." Reviewers have most frequently noted the paintings for their rich color, pulsating surfaces, and expansive and varied visual language.
The richness of that language also opened the work to divergent interpretations, despite its seemingly narrow motif. According to Temkin, she explored a symbol that was personal and unique yet "anonymous, universal and genderless," with exposed, hanging threads from stitching subversively suggesting "a secret side or something turned inside-out." Some critics identified a feminist sensibility, writing that the work "wittily links the sewer and the sewn," suggesting and carrying on "the legacy of anonymous craft performed by women." "ARTnews"' Barbara A. McAdam called it "gently self-reflective" in its "hinting at exposed secrets and women's work." Artist and writer Lois Martin attributed much of the work's impact to Temkin's needlework, suggesting its crude sutures and patterns expressed feminist, as well as formal and philosophical concerns. Others observed modernist and postmodern considerations of the role of the hand and hand-made in art. Temkin's own words lend some support to these interpretations: "Years ago, the 'fine art' I saw in museums was invariably by male artists. Women's work was domestic handiwork (like sewing), and not considered fine art." Discussing the line "that traditionally exists between the craft of needlework and the fine art of paint," she said, "I want to erase that line."
Critics have also focused on psychological and sociopolitical themes, with the latter gaining resonance in the post-9/11 years. In a review of Temkin's "Fingerprints" exhibition at the Chicago Cultural Center, Kevin Nance called it "effective and haunting," noting the work's "sliced-and-reconfigured quality suggests a fracturing and reassembling of identity with implications that are both psychological and—especially in this era of increasing surveillance—political." Others remarked on the expressive effects of her processes—scraping, tearing, and sewing—which created the effect of "layers of flayed skin that have been roughly patched and sewn back together," evoking "a sense of both vulnerability and resilience."
Trees paintings.
In 2010, Temkin shifted subject matter from fingerprints to trees, still retaining her labor-intensive working process. Recalling both her fence installations and her re-assembled fingerprints, she describes her process as perceiving "negative space on canvas in three dimensions… By carving away this space with paint, the tree is revealed, a process of working from the outside to depict the inside." In these in-depth explorations of color, Temkin allows under-layers to show through, creating depth, vitality and a visual record of its own development. The series, evolving through Temkin's rigorous exploration, has moved in varying degrees toward and away from abstraction, producing often surprising results that range from "striking cactus-like silhouettes, painted in desert-twilight tones" to graphic forms resembling thermographic maps, visual afterimages, and reversed video stills.
Recognition.
Temkin's work is held in the permanent collections of several institutions and organizations. In 2015, the Racine Art Museum acquired 35 works on paper from five series between 1995 and 2008. The same year, the David Owsley Museum of Art at Ball State University acquired an installation of paper "Fingerprints" works, titled "My Left Finger" (2008), and exhibited in 2016. Three of her "Trees" paintings were installed permanently in 2014 in the David Geffen Hall at Lincoln Center in New York City. The Rhode Island School of Design Museum also acquired Temkin's "London Plane Tree" (2011) in 2014. In 2009, the city of Karmiel, Israel commissioned "She", a nine-foot galvanized iron and steel mirror sculpture, for permanent display in its Park Haglil. Temkin's work is also in the permanent collections of the Israel Museum, the Museum of Arts and Design in New York, the Jersey City Museum, and Boston Fidelity Investments, among others. She has been the subject of two monographs, "Merle Temkin: Portfolio Collection" and "Merle Temkin: Personal Markings".
Temkin is a two-time recipient of the Pollock-Krasner Foundation Award, in 2010 and 2001. She has also received awards from: The Vermont Studio Center (residency fellowship, 2003); the Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation (2002); the Richard Florsheim Art Fund Museum Award, for the purchase of her work by the Museum of Arts &amp; Design (2001); the Hereward Lester Cooke Foundation; and the Ludwig Vogelstein Foundation (1984).
In 2006, Temkin's Tribeca studio was used as a set on NBC's "" (the Season 5 episode "Slither," aired January 15), with her painting "Spiral" (2004) featured prominently.

</doc>
<doc id="56841363" url="?curid=56841363" title="Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER">
Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER

Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER is an American television series on the Nat Geo Wild network. It premiered on October 4, 2014, and follows Susan Kelleher, the titular Dr. K, and the veterinarians and staff of the Broward Avian and Exotic Animal Hospital located in Deerfield Beach, Florida. An eighth season premiered in September 2019. A separate series, titled "Dr. K's Exotic Animal ER: Gloves Off!", premiered in 2016 and consists of enhanced episodes of the original series.
The show's Dr. Lauren Thielen received her own Nat Geo Wild show titled "Dr. T, Lone Star Vet", which premiered in October 2019.
Cast.
Source:
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56841370" url="?curid=56841370" title="1950 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1950 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56841375" url="?curid=56841375" title="Krasnoyarskoye, Kaliningrad Oblast">
Krasnoyarskoye, Kaliningrad Oblast

Krasnoyarskoye (; ; ) is a rural locality (a "selo") in the Ozyorsky District in the Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="56841385" url="?curid=56841385" title="1949 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1949 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56841389" url="?curid=56841389" title="March 12-14, 2018 nor'easter">
March 12-14, 2018 nor'easter


</doc>
<doc id="56841392" url="?curid=56841392" title="East-west rail corridor">
East-west rail corridor


</doc>
<doc id="56841396" url="?curid=56841396" title="Chrysallida doliolum">
Chrysallida doliolum


</doc>
<doc id="56841399" url="?curid=56841399" title="2010-11 EuroChallenge">
2010-11 EuroChallenge


</doc>
<doc id="56841401" url="?curid=56841401" title="Sodo-Moyale-Suswa High Voltage Power Line">
Sodo-Moyale-Suswa High Voltage Power Line


</doc>
<doc id="56841402" url="?curid=56841402" title="List of divisions of the British Territorial Force 1914-1918">
List of divisions of the British Territorial Force 1914-1918


</doc>
<doc id="56841403" url="?curid=56841403" title="I Believe in You (Talk Talk song)">
I Believe in You (Talk Talk song)


</doc>
<doc id="56841405" url="?curid=56841405" title="1948 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1948 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56841412" url="?curid=56841412" title="La tempestad">
La tempestad


</doc>
<doc id="56841414" url="?curid=56841414" title="Battle of Sandomierz">
Battle of Sandomierz

The Battle of Sandomierz was a series of battles during Deluge.
Prelude.
On March 20, 1656, Charles X Gustav with his army of 8.000 men was trapped between the rivers San and Vistula, chased by a Polish-Lithuanian army of about 10.000 men. On the western side of Vistula was the town and castle of Sandomierz, which had a Swedish crew. The Swedes thought to cross the river at this point and then continue their march along the Polish coast.
Battle.
On March 24 the bridgehead, the city and the castle were attacked by Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski, with a Polish corps of 6.000 men. In the castle there were large stores of ammunition that Swedes the needed. The castle was held by Colonel Cronlood, with barely 280 men. However, Swedish garrison managed to flee down the river San in boats, saving most of the provisions, while the main army's artillery shelled the Poles. However, 4000 grenades were left with matches lit, so the castle was blown in the air, together with several hundred Poles.
In the evening 300 Swedish soldiers departed from the Swedish camp, and in three boats crossed the San River. The troops immediately removed the Polish guards and more Swedish troops crossed the river, including cavalry who swam over with their horses. Lithuanians who held this river bank believed the entire Swedish army was on them, and fled in panic.
On March 26, Swedish army built a bridge over the River San, and the entire army crossed over. They took the abandoned camp left by the Lithuanians, and got a rest of a night. On April 5, they were in security inside Warsaw's walls.

</doc>
<doc id="56841418" url="?curid=56841418" title="Toiletpaper (magazine)">
Toiletpaper (magazine)

Toiletpaper (stylized as "TOILETPAPER") is a biannual magazine co-created by Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan and photographer Pierpaolo Ferrari. Founded in 2010, the magazine is presented as a limited edition book and its website offers a post-internet collaged exhibition of animated and video content.
The photography-based publication contains no articles or advertisements, and each issue revolves around a basic theme, such as love or greed. The brightly-coloured, surreal images vary in style and reference, and include word play and optical illusions. Hailed as "a new frontier of media and creative eco-sustainability," "Toiletpaper" is interpreted as a democratized art platform whose accessible images circulate in books and throughout social media, while also being applied to design and home decor products. To celebrate their purported "one-millionth" magazine sale, Cattelan and Ferrari opened their first "Toiletpaper" pop-up shop in Milan.
History.
Cattelan and Ferrari first collaborated in 2009 on W Magazine's "Art Issue;" continuing their working relationship with an editorial for TAR Magazine. In an interview with Vogue Italia, Ferrari mentions that "Toiletpaper" is a passion project between he and Cattelan, which emerged as a mental outburst from a common obsession. "Each picture springs from an idea, even a simple one, and then becomes a complex orchestration of people who build tableaux vivants."
At the opening night of Cattelan's retrospective at the Guggenheim, a Hummer stretch limo with the word "toiletpaper" printed on the side was parked outside the museum to announce the magazine's launch. Funded by Greek collector Dakis Joannou's Deste Foundation, "Toiletpaper" is presented in book-form with all visual material designed exclusively by its creative team, which includes art direction by Micol Talso and set design by Michela Natella.
Cattelan and Ferrari describe how they use their digital cameras like filmmakers to explore their models and sets from multiple angles. Reflecting the duo's aversion to traditional and exclusionary practices of art display, "Toiletpaper" photographs are mass produced as salable merchandise. In keeping with their democratizing mission, Cattelan is quoted saying, "Pierpaolo and I are like sadistic scientists: everything around us can be infected by the 'TP' virus."
Naming the project organically, Ferrari recalls that Cattelan came up with the title of the magazine while in the bathroom, quipping, "Sooner or later all magazines end up in the toilet."
Cattelan and Ferrari.
Maurizio Cattelan.
Cattelan is a contemporary Conceptual artist who began his career as a furniture-maker in Forlì, Italy. The "court jester of the art world" was born in Padua, Italy, on September 21, 1960. With no formal art training, he "considers himself an 'art worker' rather than an artist." Known for his macabre humour and interrogation of social mores, he derives inspiration from the Dadaist and Surrealist movements. His absurdist sculptures and installations often depict celebrities, art historical figures, or taxidermied animals set in surreal scenes. His oeuvre engages controversial subjects such as suicide, anxiety, religiosity, and the decadence of American culture.
He has participated in several Venice Biennales, the 2004 Whitney Biennial, and exhibited in numerous solo exhibitions, including at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York; the Museum of Modern Art, New York; the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles; and the Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris.
Cattelan was recently thrust into the political spotlight when President Donald Trump requested a Vincent van Gogh landscape from The Guggenheim Museum and their chief curator, Nancy Spector countered instead with his 18-karat solid gold toilet installation entitled "America."
Pierpaolo Ferrari.
Ferrari is an Italian photographer, born and raised in Milan, Italy. Working for agencies like BBDO and Saatchi &amp; Saatchi, he has made a name for himself shooting for international clients like Nike, Sony, Heineken, MTV, Mercedes Benz, Audi, and BMW.
His art is instantly recognized by its colourful surrealism, which he accredits to the style to his early mentors. Requiring almost complete creative freedom when working for a client, he notes, "If you call me, and you have a picture in mind and you want me to do that picture—you need to call someone else. Someone who is good at interpreting your ideas. We want to know the feeling that you're going for, but after that we go our own way." His work has been featured in advertisements for Kenzo and Alitalia, and in publications including The New York Times, Bloomberg Pursuits and Wallpaper*.
Aesthetic.
In June 2010 "Toiletpaper" began as an artist book and magazine containing only full-spreads of colour photographs that appropriated commercial photographic, Dadaist, and Surrealist aesthetics. William S. Rubin describes surrealism as a methodological approach to a topic of interest. While Dada was formed in 1916 as a criticism of the art culture in Europe, Surrealism stems from a similar mindset in the sense that it parodies or exaggerates an idea without losing its ground in reality.
"Toiletpaper" pokes fun at the art world with its photo-collages that fuse the languages of commercial and fine art photography, with provocative staged vignettes.
Photographs are regularly rejected for not being ""Toiletpaper" enough", with Cattelan likening the creation process to distilling perfume. He elaborates, "It's not about one particular style or time frame; what makes them "Toiletpaper" is a special twist. An uncanny ambiguity." Discussing the improvisational nature of "Toiletpaper", set-designer Natella muses, "Once I have an idea in mind, I design the sets and I have my team research the objects and props. It's a collaborative process and I love to go on set and improvise." "Toiletpaper"'s aesthetic and visual content forces viewers to confront the reality of our disposable cultures.
Exhibitions, collaborations and publications.
"Toiletpaper" was published by the Deste Foundation for Contemporary Art, and now by Damiani, the publishing branch of printing company "Grafiche Damiani", located in Bologna, Italy. Photographs from the magazine have been included in art books such as "Lipstick Flavour: A Contemporary Art Story" by Jerome Sans and Marla Hamburg Kennedy, which explores the sociocultural implications of lipstick in art and popular culture. Images have also appeared in special issues of magazines such as Vice "and Hunger". In 2012, images taken from the first six issues were paired with texts and published in an anthology that made it into the Top 10 Photo Books list in The New York Times.
High Line billboard: 2012.
In 2012, the duo unveiled a giant billboard at West 18th Street and 10th Avenue, near the High Line in Chelsea. Red-lacquered, free-floating, festooned fingers pop out of a blue velvet backdrop in an ironic comment on the deceptive allure of luxury. Cattelan called the image "Surreal but verging on Pop", adding that it was gory without the blood. The fourth installment in a series of art installations sponsored by Edison Properties, "Toiletpaper's" billboard followed works by John Baldessari, Anne Collier, and David Shrigley.
Palais de Tokyo: 2013.
"Toiletpaper" took over the seven front windows of the Palais de Tokyo in Paris in June 2013. Rather than exhibiting works in the gallery space, the monumental windows democratized the photographs by making them visible from both from the public street and inside the building. The "Toiletpaper" windows were commissioned by Swiss-American artist Christian Marclay as part of a series of ongoing "interventions on the building", which included installations in staircases, and on signage and walls.
Toiletpaper pop-up shop, 2016.
To celebrate the magazine's purported "millionth-copy-sold" milestone, Cattelan and Ferrari opened a temporary "Toiletpaper" store in Milan. The pop-up shop was a collaboration with Italian furniture brand Gufram and luxury homeware designer "Seletti". The space was a fully immersive version of the magazine, with point of sale displays covered in imagery that channelled the magazine's postmodernist aesthetic. Items for sale included home decor, dinnerware, and furniture. The duo also collaborated with The Vinyl Factory to release a special edition gold vinyl disc of Daft Punk's 1995 "Da Funk", which was available in the store ahead of its global release.
Toiletpaper Paradise: 2017.
Cattelan and Ferrari partnered with Visionaire founders Cecilia Dean and James Kaliardos to create an immersive installation at The Gallery at Cadillac House in SoHo. Interspersed throughout the space were vignettes of mid-century modern furniture and accessories branded by reviewers as "Mad Men on acid". Featuring a furnished bedroom and kitchen, visitors were encouraged to play, lounge, and take Instagram selfies in the spaces.
OK Cupid's DTF campaign: 2017.
Cattelan and Ferrari collaborated with Wieden+Kennedy on OK Cupid's "Dating deserves better" campaign. Reappropriating DTF, the ubiquitous contemporary dating term referring to a person who is willing to have sex, the campaign reinterprets the letter F into phrases such as "down to feel fabulous", "down to forget our baggage", and "down to fight about the president".
Melissa Hobley, OKCupid's CMO, explains that partnering with Cattelan and Ferrari made sense because "their vibrant, cheeky images were the right fit" for the humorous campaign. "In the current political and social climate, we felt a responsibility and saw an opportunity to play a part in changing the conversation about dating culture and empowering each individual to reclaim the meaning of DTF and make it theirs."
Galerie Perrotin Tokyo: 2017-2018.
This exhibition focused on assemblages inspired by found images taken from both the Internet and magazines. Using gilded mirrors as a common framing thread, and referencing works by René Magritte and Georges de la Tour, the pop images combined references to art history and contemporary consumer culture.
Reception.
Dean, one of the co-founders of Visionaire who worked with Cattelan and Ferrari for the exhibition "Toiletpaper Paradise" at Cadillac House lauds the duo's collaboration: "When he and Pierpaolo started Toilet Paper in 2010, it was so refreshing, unique, weird and different from everything else out there. And then they started doing products featuring their photos...and then they started doing installations with the products featuring their photos...and then they do these little films with the products in their installations. It's like stepping inside their brains and just getting deeper and deeper into their craziness. They have such a strong identity."
See also.
Maurizio Cattelan
Artists' Books

</doc>
<doc id="56841421" url="?curid=56841421" title="Anolis vermiculatus">
Anolis vermiculatus

The Vinales anole ("Anolis vermiculatus"), also known as the Cuban stream anole, is a species of lizard in the family Dactyloidae, endemic to Cuba.
Range and habitat.
"A. vermiculatus" is endemic to the Pinar del Río Province in western Cuba where it is only found in the Viñales region. It lives in densely vegetated and heavily shaded habitats close to water, typically streams.
Description and behavior.
This blue-eyed species is a relatively large anole with males reaching up to in snout-to-vent length and females up to . It is one of only two anoles that completely lacks a dewlap (both sexes), the other being the West Cuban anole.
"A. vermiculatus" is fast to retreat and will dive into water to escape potential enemies, reportedly sometimes staying submerged for almost an hour. It can also run bipedally across water, similar to "A. lionotus", "A. poecilopus" and "A. oxylophus" (all often in "Norops" instead) from Central America and Colombia, as well as the basilisks. "A. vermiculatus" feeds on small animals like frogs, shrimp and fish, which often are caught in water. It is one of two semi-aquatic anoles from the Caribbean, the other being "A. eugenegrahami" of Hispaniola.

</doc>
<doc id="56841433" url="?curid=56841433" title="Vinales anole">
Vinales anole


</doc>
<doc id="56841440" url="?curid=56841440" title="Viñales anole">
Viñales anole


</doc>
<doc id="56841442" url="?curid=56841442" title="Cuban aquatic anole">
Cuban aquatic anole


</doc>
<doc id="56841450" url="?curid=56841450" title="Ehab Galal">
Ehab Galal

Ehab Galal () is an Egyptian former football player and manager, who manages the Egyptian premier league club, Pyramids.
Managerial career.
Galal was the manager of El Makkasa for three seasons of 2014–2017, he also used to manage Enppi and Zamalek clubs during the 2017–18 Egyptian Premier League season. In 2018, he managed El Masry until 2020, then he had coached El Makkasa for six months in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="56841452" url="?curid=56841452" title="Bogdan Likszo">
Bogdan Likszo


</doc>
<doc id="56841455" url="?curid=56841455" title="Jerry L Atwood">
Jerry L Atwood


</doc>
<doc id="56841459" url="?curid=56841459" title="Haryana Raxil drug purchase case">
Haryana Raxil drug purchase case

Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam case is a case under investigation by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against Bhupinder Singh Hooda for the illegal purchase of Raxil fungicide which resulted in INR80 crore (800 million) loss to the government. This scam, initially exposed by Ashok Khemka, is also pending in the Punjab and Haryana High Court.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam and Haryana Forestry scam case. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018).
Details.
Modus of scam.
Raxil, manufactured by Bayer, is used to treat the seeds for Karnal bunt. Hooda government had purchased Raxil worth INR 100 crore for the treatment of seeds to be distributed to the farmers. Raxil, which is not registered with the Pesticide Management Board and costs INR1350 per kg, was preferred over the generic brands which cost only INR300 per kg. In spite of this, Raxil was the sole drug recommended by the Hooda administration. As a result, there is a High Court case underway for causing the loss to government for preferring only one drug, that too an unregistered and expensive drug, over other drugs. Use of Raxil was discontinued by the new BJP govenrmnet, case was referred to Parliamentary Standing committee, CVC and High Court, as well as to CBI.
Current status: CBI inquiry.
After the initial inquiry by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC), subsequently, Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar's BJP Government of Haryana referred the case to CBI to conduct further investigation against Hooda and others. Taking cognizance of the reference sent by Haryana government regarding the alleged multi-crore fungicide (RAXIL) purchase scam, the Union Government issued a notification on Thursday for a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the case. Haryana asked for a CBI investigation into the alleged financial corruption as well as the into the reasons under which "the then MD, HSDC, Ashok Khemka was prematurely transferred out of HSDC on April 4 and a junior departmental officer BS Duggal was posted as MD, HSDC".

</doc>
<doc id="56841487" url="?curid=56841487" title="Souk El Kammadine">
Souk El Kammadine

Souk El Kammadine (Arabic : سوق الكمادين ) is one of the souks (or market) of the medina of Sfax.
Localization.
The souk used to be located in "Zuqaq El Marr" (or Nahj El Bey) but then it was changed to the southern part of path of Adoul. And it used to reach Sidi Ali Karray Street and Rahbet Rmed. It used to have "Kaysriyet El Ashr" which is now called "Kaysriyet El Ayedi".
Etymology.
The name Kammadine was derived from the verb "Kamada" (to poultice) which means to shorten a dress. The poultice is considered as one of the most important traditional productions in the medina of Sfax and other towns.
According to El Bakry, in the medieval centuries Souk El Kammadine's artisans were very active and were known for their high quality products.

</doc>
<doc id="56841491" url="?curid=56841491" title="Chromodoris coerulea">
Chromodoris coerulea


</doc>
<doc id="56841519" url="?curid=56841519" title="Haryana Forestry case">
Haryana Forestry case

Haryana Forestry scam case is a multi-crore fake plantation scam allegedly involving Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Kiran Chaudhary and others where government money was embezzled. In 2009, this scam was exposed by the whistleblower, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, Ramon Magsaysay Award-winner Indian Forest Service officer with then Government of Haryana, who filed a case in September 2012 to seek Supreme Court's instructions to CBI to investigate the case. Earlier, Haryana Government had suspended him in 2007 for acting against illegal felling of trees and poaching in Saraswati Wildlife Sanctuary, but his suspension was revoked by the President in 2008 and the chargesheet was overturned in 2011 on an appeal against the decision of Haryana government. An inquiry committee of the Ministry of Environment &amp; Forest (MoEF) found Chaturvedi's allegations against Haryana government true, preferred an inquiry by Central Vigilance Commission and by CBI into dubious role of certain highly-placed politicians and civil servants. CBI, in its reply to CVC, found Chaturvedi's allegations against then Haryana Government creditable enough for an independent inquiry. As per the rules, CBI can not undertake suo motu investigation, only state government, high court or supreme court can ask CBI for it.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018).
Details.
Modus of scam.
While posted at Fatehbad, the Forests officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi accused the Congress MLA Prahlad Singh Gillakhera of corruption in a herbal park establishment project. He alleged that Gillakhera's relatives were buying rare trees for their personal gardens with the taxpayers' money.
Soon after his suspension, the Haryana Forest Department had started prosecution against the contractors, based on earlier reports filed by him. However, after the NGO Ekta Parishad moved against the accused in the Supreme Court in April 2008, the Hooda Government protected the violators.
Haryana government rejected MoEF's request in 2012 to initiate a CBI inquiry against the forestry scam. Instead Haryana Government issued another charge sheet against Chaturvedi in August 2012, which too was overturned by the President of India. Haryana administration filed a counter case in the High Court to seek cancellation of the presidential order favoring Chaturvedi and also against the formation of MoEF's earlier inquiry committee on this scam on the basis of ultra vires (beyond the powers of President and MoEF). Chaturvedi filed a case in the Supreme Court in September 2012 asking for the CBI inquiry against this scam, where it is still pending (c. March 2018).
Whistle blower, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, harassed by the then UPA administration in several ways, which forced him to move the Uttarakhand High Court, and involve Prime Minister;s office.
Current status: Supreme Court.
The case is currently in the Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="56841522" url="?curid=56841522" title="Grain facility occupational exposure">
Grain facility occupational exposure


</doc>
<doc id="56841524" url="?curid=56841524" title="Final Battle (2002)">
Final Battle (2002)


</doc>
<doc id="56841533" url="?curid=56841533" title="Glory By Honor (2002)">
Glory By Honor (2002)


</doc>
<doc id="56841534" url="?curid=56841534" title="Pleurobranchaea dellechiaii">
Pleurobranchaea dellechiaii


</doc>
<doc id="56841535" url="?curid=56841535" title="Glory By Honor I">
Glory By Honor I


</doc>
<doc id="56841538" url="?curid=56841538" title="Weyl sequence">
Weyl sequence

In mathematics, a Weyl sequence is a sequence from the equidistribution theorem proven by Hermann Weyl:
The sequence of all multiples of an irrational "α",
In other words, the sequence of the fractional parts of each term will be uniformly distributed in the interval [0, 1).
In computing.
In computing, an integer version of this sequence is often used to generate a discrete uniform distribution rather than a continuous one. Instead of using an irrational number, which cannot be calculated on a digital computer, the ratio of two integers is used in its place. An integer "k" is chosen, relatively prime to an integer modulus "m". In the common case that "m" is a power of 2, this amounts to requiring that "k" is odd.
The sequence of all multiples of such an integer "k",
That is, the sequence of the remainders of each term when divided by "m" will be uniformly distributed in the interval [0, "m").
The term appears to originate with George Marsaglia’s paper "Xorshift RNGs". 
The following C code generates what Marsaglia calls a "Weyl sequence":
In this case, the odd integer is 362437, and the results are computed modulo because d is a 32-bit quantity. The results are equidistributed modulo 232.

</doc>
<doc id="56841545" url="?curid=56841545" title="Liz Johnson Artur">
Liz Johnson Artur

Liz Johnson Artur (born 1964) is a Ghanaian-Russian photographer based in London, England. Her work documents the lives of black people from across the African Diaspora. Her work strives to display and celebrate the normal, the vibrant and the subtle nuances of each of these people lives that she encounters. Johnson Artur works as a photojournalist and editorial photographer for various fashion magazines and record labels all over the world, as well as her independent artistic practice. Her monograph with Bierke Verlag was included in the "Best Photo Books 2016" list of "The New York Times".
Early life.
Childhood.
Liz Johnson Artur was born in Bulgaria but grew up in Eastern Europe and Germany. Her father was Ghanaian and she was raised by her Russian mother. She says that she is "a product of Migration". She lived in West Germany for three months with her mother on a tourist visa before it expired; then they lived as illegal immigrants. Johnson Artur spent most of her days on the streets unable to go to school due to her status. This was when her initial encounters with strangers occurred; "What I most remember about this time is the pleasure I got from meeting strangers on the street, I think this has affected me as a photographer in a big way."
Introduction to photography.
In 1985 she got her first camera and began taking photos during a trip to New York City. During this trip, she stayed with a Russian family in a black neighbourhood in Brooklyn. In an interview with "The Fader", she said: "I'd never been in a black neighbourhood before and I didn't take any pictures then. But my memory of what I saw made me want to start taking pictures." This began her journey to take and compile photographs of weddings, parties, church and everyday life.
In an interview with "i-D Magazine", Johnson Artur explained that she got into photography because she "wanted to record the normality of black lives and black culture, which is something that isn't often reflected in the mainstream media." For her, photography was a way of gaining access to people and spaces that sparked her curiosity. The goal of her work is to move beyond stereotypes of black people and represent each person as a unique individual.
Johnson Artur received her MA in Photography from the Royal College of Art in London and has taught at the London College of Communication.
Career.
Johnson Artur has spent the past 30 years photographing the diverse experience of black people across the globe. For the majority of her recent career, she has been focused on representing black people in South London.
Artistic practice.
Photography is a very personal act for Johnson Artur. She has a collaborative attitude toward her work and makes close connections with her subjects as a way of respecting the vulnerability they show by letting her into their spaces. This process gives a sense of intimacy to her photographs. The photographs have an unfinished quality to them. Though some photos are posed, the attention Johnson Artur pays to each individual’s sense of self presentation lends an element of authenticity to the work.
In an interview with The Photographers' Gallery she described this need to represent the personal style and the people she is capturing: "This way I believe photography can show us something very unique and still familiar."
Ideology.
Johnson Artur is committed to consistently photographing black people globally, and noticing the diverse aesthetics in these communities. When asked if she considered her work to be political, she responded: "I take what I do very seriously, but I wouldn't necessarily have called it political unless you asked me that question. My work's political in the sense that it's about communicating, about being able to understand people's struggles, to learn how we can live together." Johnson Artur's work focuses on themes of self-presentation and issues of representation. The photographs are taken in public spaces in an endeavour to capture moments; to connect, see, hear and photograph with authenticity. In taking the photo she is establishing their presence. These brief encounters are prompted by style, flamboyance and body language of people who catch her attention.
Exhibitions.
Brooklyn Museum, New York: "Liz Johnson Artur: Dusha" (3 May-18 August 2019)
This solo exhibition, curated by Drew Sawyer, featured material from the "Black Balloon Archive", including the artist's photo sketchbooks. The term "Dusha" is the Russian word for "soul." 
David Nolan Gallery, New York: "This Synthetic Moment" (18 January–10 March 2018)
Curated by David Hartt, this exhibition also included work by James Barnor, Kwame Brathwaite, David Hartt, Zoe Leonard, and Christopher Williams. The show focused on themes of national identity, border crossing, transition and how we view each other in the public sphere.
Lothringer 13 Halle, Munich: "A Thousand and X Little Actions" (10 October–21 November 2016)
In this exhibition, Johnson Artur’s "Black Balloon Archive" was shown for the first time. She was included in this show because of her focus and curiosity towards the lives of others, and her exploration of relationships between human beings. The show was curated by Jörg Koopmann and also included artists Jacob Holdt, David Hartt, William E. Jones, and Jason Larkin.
Kunstverein, Leipzig: "1.-3.Personal plural: wir, ihr, sie" (20 August–6 September 2016)
Thirteen of Johnson Artur’s photographs were included in this exhibition curated by Anna Voyswinckel. The themes explored included border crossing, personal and community identity, Othering, and the relationship between artist and viewer.
The Photographer's Gallery, London: "Made You Look: Dandyism and Black Masculinity" (15 July–25 September 2016)
Twelve of Johnson Artur’s photographs from the Black Balloon Archive were included in this group photography exhibition, curated by Ekow Eshun. Among other artists included in the exhibition were Malick Sidibé, Jeffrey Henson Scales, and Samuel Fosso. The theme of the show was to explore the complications of the identity of the black dandy, how these men are trendsetters in many media realms while also at a high degree of vulnerability and at risk of state violence and incarceration.
Editorial and commercial work.
Liz Johnson Artur has worked for the last 30 years as a freelance editorial and commercial photographer on countless publications, including "Vibe Magazine", "Fader", "i-D Magazine", and "Spin Magazine". She has said that working commercially has provided her with opportunities photograph people and places relevant to her own artistic practice that she would not have had access to otherwise to.
She has photographed the likes of Mos Def, Blur, Amy Winehouse, the Spice Girls and toured with M.I.A, Lady Gaga, and Seun Kuti.
Other projects.
Black Balloon Archive.
Consisting of hundreds of gelatin silver prints and chromogenic prints, Black Balloon Archive is an archive of images that reflect black communities and their members globally. It began in 1991 and is an ongoing project that involves a desire to create powerful images of the black diaspora and is motivated by a hunger to make connections with communities which, until her mid twenties, she barely knew existed.
The name Black Balloon Archive comes from a song by Syl Johnson called "Black Balloons".
"Black Balloon Archive" is a project whose goal is to show respect to her subject’s ability to control how they are presented in their own lives by honestly representing that image. In a media climate that often dehumanizes black people and uses their images in unethical ways, Artur’s body of work is especially important as she focuses on her subjects’ ability to self-determine how they present and are seen by the viewer. The artist explained to "i-D magazine" that "there's a sense of pride in how people display themselves. It's why I like street portraits, because I think there's a real presence that everyone has."
Russians of Colour.
Inspired by reconnecting with her father in 2010, Johnson Artur began documenting the stories of "Russians of Colour". Working in conjunction with journalist Sarah Bentley, the project focuses on black Russians who have grown up without either or both of their parents and who collectively describe themselves as Afro-Russians.
Publications.
In 2016, "Liz Johnson Artur", a monograph on the artist, was published by Bierke Verlag. This is the first comprehensive overview of her work which captures more than 30 years of photographing strangers globally.
This cloth hardcover book was designed by Hendrik Schwantes and is 22x27cm, 136 pages with 114 colour &amp; black and white images.
Awards.
AIMIA AGO Prize
Liz Johnson Artur was a nominee for the 2017 AIMIA AGO Prize alongside Raymond Boisjoly, Taisuke Koyama, and Hank Willis Thomas. She received a prize for her place on the shortlist. During this competition the "Black Balloon Archive" was displayed at the Art Gallery of Ontario alongside sketchbooks and two larger prints.

</doc>
<doc id="56841576" url="?curid=56841576" title="Punta Santa Teresa Lighthouse">
Punta Santa Teresa Lighthouse

Punta Santa Teresa Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located
at the east side, opposite to the outer breakwater of the gulf of La Spezia, in the municipality of Lerici, Liguria on the Ligurian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse consists of a green metal cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern. The lantern, painted in green, is positioned at above sea level and emits two green flashes in a 6 seconds period. The lighthouse is powered by a solar unit and is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1745 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56841586" url="?curid=56841586" title="DLF land grab case">
DLF land grab case

DLF land grab case is a case related to 50-acre land grab in 2013 in Amipur village of Haryana during the Congress' Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, for which Robert Vadra, Hooda and DLF are being investigated by the CBI (c. December 2017). Hooda's generosity towards land sharks and builders caused huge losses to farmers and Haryana Government. Consequently, there are Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) inquiries and court cases against him related to shady land deals. Those deals include the allotment of a highly subsidised land and change in land use license for his relatives and influential friends connected to Indian National Congress, such Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra. Jitesh Vadra made illegal gains of over INR50 crore from this land deal within few months in 2008. CBI has filed an 80,000 page long chargesheet in the court related to this case and Manesar land scam case.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Manesar land scam, Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab case, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018). Hooda was acquiring land from poor, illiterate farmers at a low rate in the name of "public interest" only to later license this to builders after granting out-of-turn favors that helped the land value increase exponentially. During his 10-year rule as Chief Minister, Hooda, licensed a massive 24,825 acres of land compared to just 8,550.32 acres by successive Chief Ministers in the 23 years preceding Hooda rule.
Details.
Modus of scam.
Builders coerce farmers to sell their land by getting the government to use the Section 4 of the land law to have a government notification issued to the farmer that their land is required for the "public purpose". Builders try to acquire this land by offering a small premium above the government's rate for the acquisition of the land. If landowners farmers still resist the sale, then Section 6 of land law is applied by declaring the government's intention to acquire land, which forces the reluctant farmers to sell the land to builders at small premium. Once the land is acquired by the builders, government cancels the acquisition process and releases the land to new build owners, along with the change in land use permission to build residential and industrial building on the farm land. This results in steep rise in the land prices, resulting in massive gains for the builders, opportunity cost loss to the farmers and land tax revenue loss to the government. Robert Vadra and DLF were the beneficiary builders in Hooda's regime.
Vadra made an illegal profit of more than INR50 crore after buying 3 acre land for INR 7 crore and by onselling it to DLF for INR 58 crore after a few months after Hooda's Indian National Congress government had granted a Change in Land Use license to convert its usage from agriculture to commercial. vadra has bought properties using unsecured loans from DLF. After Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government came to power in Haryana, the "Justice Dhingra Commission" was formed in 2015 to investigate the scam. Dhingra Commission indicted Hooda. Dhingra Commission's report states that there was collusion aimed at benefiting Vadra's company Skylight Hospitality, and it sought further inquiry. Consequently, the case was handed over to CBI for the further investigation.
Current status: CBI inquiry.
Case is currently under investigation by the CBI, who has filed 80,000 pages long chargesheet in the court.

</doc>
<doc id="56841587" url="?curid=56841587" title="Rogue one">
Rogue one


</doc>
<doc id="56841589" url="?curid=56841589" title="Polish Basketball League Player of the Year">
Polish Basketball League Player of the Year


</doc>
<doc id="56841597" url="?curid=56841597" title="Mister Designer">
Mister Designer

Mister Designer () is a 1987 Soviet horror film produced and directed by Oleg Teptsov, and based on the short story "The Gray Automobile" by Alexander Grin.
Plot.
Set in St. Petersburg in 1908-1914, famous artist-designer, Platon Andreevich wants to prolong the life of a man by sculpting and drawing, trying to overcome death and improve the world around him with the help of his talent. For many years he does not give rest to the idea of a contest with the Almighty. He, the author of magnificent wax mannequins, wants to create something perfect and eternal, not amenable to the passage of time.
In 1908, the artist receives an order from a jeweler to decorate the shop window. In search of a model for making a mannequin for a showcase, the artist finds Anna, a young girl, fatally ill with consumption, and sculpts his best mannequin from her, putting his whole soul into work. Some time passes and the year 1914 is about to arrive. The well-known artist has fallen into oblivion, things are not going so well as in the old days. Due to creative crisis, the artist begins to abuse morphine, he is threatened with complete ruin.
In extreme need, Platon Andreevich accepts the offer of a certain rich businessman by the name of Grillo to decorate the interior of his house. Acquaintance with Maria, wife of the master, leads the artist into confusion. He is convinced that a few years ago it was from her, when she bore the name Anna Beletskaya, he molded his best wax mannequin. But Maria tells him that she has never seen an artist before, and knows nothing about Anna. After all attempts to retrieve the truth, she only tells the designer to forget about Anna.
Platon Andreevich proposes to the girl, but receives a refusal: Maria tells him that he is too poor. Thanks to an incredible chance, the designer wins a huge fortune from Maria's husband and makes his offer again, and again receives a refusal. She wouldn't stay with the madman who keeps calling her by another woman's name. The designer seeks to prove Maria is Anna, but he only finds the proof to the opposite. He finds Anna's tomb in a graveyard. In his workshop, he finds Anna's mummy that he believed was a mannequin. He starts to believe that Maria is his sculpture that became alive. (The film never explicitly says whether it is a delusion or reality).
Gradually losing grasp of reality, Platon goes to Grillo's house only to find Grillo dead. His widow reconsidered Platon's proposal and is ready to marry him now. However, Platon accuses her of being a "doll" that took the place of a real person, and assault her with burning log. One of Maria's friends shoots him and then runs him over with his car.
Awards.
The film won the Nika Award for Best Costume Design by Larisa Konnikova.

</doc>
<doc id="56841603" url="?curid=56841603" title="Thomas Vancaeyezeele">
Thomas Vancaeyezeele

Thomas Vancaeyezeele (born 27 July 1994) is a French Guianan footballer who plays as a defender for USL Championship club Birmingham Legion and the French Guiana national team.
Career.
Youth and college.
Vancaeyezeele played for the youth sides of Stade Malherbe Caen of Ligue 1. For the 2011–12 season he was promoted to the reserve side, making one appearance in the Championnat National 2. For the 2013–14 season, he transferred to Hérouvillais of the Championnat National 3. During the season he made 21 appearances, scoring a single goal. In February 2015, he signed on for a stint with CD Vitoria of Spain's Fifth Division. He made his debut for the club on 23 February against CD El Pilar Marianistas.
In 2015, Vancaeyezeele traveled to the United States to play college soccer for the Charleston Golden Eagles of the University of Charleston. Over his two season with the club, he made 41 appearances, scoring five goals. The team won the school's first NCAA Division II Championship during the 2017 season, defeating the Lynn Fighting Knights 3–1 in the final. Following the match, Vancaeyezeele was named the NCAA Division II Player of the Year, in addition to several other accolades.
Semi-professional.
In 2016, Vancaeyezeele played club football for the SW Florida Adrenaline of the semi-professional Premier Development League. Over the course of the season, he made ten regular season appearances, scoring one goal. For the 2017 season, Vancaeyezeele moved to the Mississippi Brilla, also of the PDL. During the season, he made 14 regular season appearances, scoring two goals, and a further three appearances in the playoffs.
Professional.
After graduation from the University of Charleston, Vancaeyezeele was invited to participate in the 2018 Major League Soccer Combine. However, he was not selected in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft, despite being projected as a potential early pick.
In March 2018, Vancaeyezeele went on trial with Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC of the United Soccer League, the second tier of the United States soccer league system. He made two preseason appearances for the team, including one against league rivals Penn FC in which he set up Romeo Parkes's game-winning goal. On 14 March 2018, he was signed to a one-year contract with a club option for an additional year. He made his professional debut in the opening match of the 2018 season, a 0–0 draw at Nashville SC in which he started and played the full 90 minutes. Over the first two matches of the season, Vancaeyezeele maintained the team's highest passing percentage in the offensive half and the team lead in interceptions.
Vancaeyezeele scored his first professional goal on 20 April 2018, Pittsburgh's second goal of a 2–2 draw away at FC Cincinnati. He was then named to the USL Team of the Week for the first time for his performance in the match. Vancaeyezeele scored his first U.S. Open Cup goal in a 2–1 victory over Erie Commodores FC on 16 May 2018.
During his first season with the club, he made a team-high 32 starts, scoring two league goals. On 7 December 2018 it was announced that Vancaeyezeele had signed a one-year extension with the team with a club option for an additional year.
On 12 December 2020, Vancaeyezeele moved to USL Championship side San Diego Loyal ahead of the 2021 season. On July 8, 2021 he switched to fellow USL Championship club Birmingham Legion.
International career.
Vancaeyezeele was called up to by French Guiana for the first time in September 2019 for 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League B matches against Belize and St. Kitts and Nevis. He qualifies to represent the nation through family ties. After French Guiana was awarded a 3–0 victory over Belize when the visitors did not arrive in time for the match, Vancaeyezeele made his debut, starting and playing the full match, in the eventual 2–2 draw with St. Kitts and Nevis.

</doc>
<doc id="56841606" url="?curid=56841606" title="Souk El Trouk (Sfax)">
Souk El Trouk (Sfax)

Souk El Trouk (Arabic : سوق الترك ) is one of the oldest markets in the Medina of Sfax.
Localisation.
Souk El Trouk used to be expanded all over the covered part of Zuqaq El Marr.
Etymology.
The souk used as inspiration for its name a small mosque that was located inside of the souk and it was called El Trouk Mosque.
History.
According to Ali Zouari in his book "Sfax in the 18th and 19th century" , souk el Trouk was built in the 18th century for the citizens of sfax who followed the Hanafi doctrine of Turkish origin. According to French Protection Authorities' reports, the souk was specialized in selling spices and blankets. It was also known for its large coffee shop that used to be the meeting place for the gentlemen of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="56841607" url="?curid=56841607" title="Jickling">
Jickling


</doc>
<doc id="56841609" url="?curid=56841609" title="1921 Boston mayoral election">
1921 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1921 occurred on Tuesday, December 13, 1921. James Michael Curley, who had previously served as Mayor of Boston (1914–1918), was elected for the second time, defeating three other candidates.
In 1918, the Massachusetts state legislature had passed legislation making the Mayor of Boston ineligible to serve consecutive terms. Thus, incumbent Andrew James Peters was unable to run for re-election.
Due to the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment in 1920, this was the first Boston municipal election that women could vote in.
Curley was inaugurated on Monday, February 6, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="56841615" url="?curid=56841615" title="Duganella violaceinigra">
Duganella violaceinigra


</doc>
<doc id="56841620" url="?curid=56841620" title="Oropus (beetle)">
Oropus (beetle)

Oropus is a genus of ant-loving beetles in the family Staphylinidae. There are at least 20 described species in "Oropus".
Species.
These 29 species belong to the genus "Oropus":

</doc>
<doc id="56841626" url="?curid=56841626" title="Pilot wave">
Pilot wave


</doc>
<doc id="56841638" url="?curid=56841638" title="Holly and the Italians (album)">
Holly and the Italians (album)

Holly and the Italians is the first studio album released by the American singer Holly Beth Vincent as a solo artist, in 1982.
Track listings.
All songs written by Holly Beth Vincent, except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="56841639" url="?curid=56841639" title="44th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival">
44th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival

The 44th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival took place from 3 to 11 July 2009. The Crystal Globe was won by "Angel at Sea", a Belgian-Canadian drama film directed by Frédéric Dumont. The second prize, the Special Jury Prize was won by "Twenty", an Iranian drama film directed by Abdolreza Kahani. 
Juries.
The following people formed the juries of the festival: 
Main competition
Documentaries
East of the West
Official selection awards.
The following feature films and people received the official selection awards:
Other statutory awards.
Other statutory awards that were conferred at the festival:
Non-statutory awards.
The following non-statutory awards were conferred at the festival:

</doc>
<doc id="56841640" url="?curid=56841640" title="Luria lurida minima">
Luria lurida minima


</doc>
<doc id="56841643" url="?curid=56841643" title="Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab case">
Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab case

Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab case against Robert Vadra and Bhupinder Singh Hooda is being investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) as per Supreme Court of India's order. In the Gurugram Rajiv Gandhi Trust land grab scam between 2004-2014, then Government of Haryana administration of Indian National Congress's Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, had handed over panchayat land to the Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust in the name of public interest use, resulting in this trust being sued by the gram panchayat in Punjab and Haryana High Court against the land grabbing of the Gandhi family by the Hooda government. Then Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. who also held the charge of Panchayat department at that time, had approved the grant of 5.3 acre panchayat land to Rajiv Gandhi Trust for 33 years at a rate of Rs 3 lakh per acre in January 2010, trust applied for the change of land use on 3 December 2010, which was approved on the same day.
There are a total of 6 CBI cases and several other vigilance department investigations against Hooda underway. Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating several scams, mostly related to illegal land grab, that took place during his rule in Haryana. These investigations include the Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam, Robert Vadra DLF land grab scam, Sonepat-Kharkhoda IMT land scam case, Garhi Sampla Uddar Gagan land scam, Panchkula-HUDA Industrial plots allotment scam, AJL-National Herald Panchkula land grab scam, Haryana Forestry scam case and Haryana Raxil drug purchase scam. He has been already chargesheeted in the Manesar-Gurugram land scam, while other cases are still under investigation (c. March 2018). Hooda acquired land from the illiterate poor farmers at throwaway prices in the name of "public interest" and licensed it to builders by granting them out-of-turn favors, which caused the exponential rise in the land price resulting in big gains for the builders. During his 10-year rule as Chief Minister, Hooda, licensed a massive 24,825 acres of land compared to just 8,550.32 acres by successive Chief Ministers in the 23 years preceding Hooda rule.
Details.
Modus of scam.
After Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) in 2013 had blamed the Hooda government for flouting the rules to lease Ulhawas gram panchayat land to Rajiv Gandhi the trust in violation of rules, the Punjab and Haryana High Court had questioned Hood government for not handing case over to CBI. Hooda government in turn challenged the High Court decision of CBI inquiry in the Supreme Court. Supreme Court asked Haryana's new government of Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar to hand over the case to CBI for inquiry. Subsequently, Haryana government handed this case over to CBI. New government of Haryana, has also initiated the process to recover this land from the trust.
Current status: CBI inquiry.
High court and Supreme court had asked for the CBI inquiry in this case. The case is currently being probed by CBI under the direction of Supreme Court, and CBI has filed a chargesheet. This case is related to the larger Gurugram-Manesar IMT land scam case.

</doc>
<doc id="56841646" url="?curid=56841646" title="Caherdorgan North">
Caherdorgan North

Caherdorgan North is a National Monument located in County Kerry, Ireland.
Location.
Caherdorgan North's cashel lies on the slope overlooking Smerwick Harbour, northwest of Dingle. The Chancellor's House is to the north.
Caherdorgan Cashel.
The cashel has a circular wall, within which are 5 dry stone clocháns with corbelled roofs. A souterrain was once here.
The Chancellor's House.
The Chancellor's House ("Fothrach an tSainsiléara") is a ruined rectangular stone medieval building. It was probably home to the chancellor ("cancellarius") of the Diocese of Ardfert and Aghadoe. The house is long and contains a bread oven and fireplace.

</doc>
<doc id="56841659" url="?curid=56841659" title="Virginia Galante Garrone">
Virginia Galante Garrone

Virginia Galante Garrone (Vercelli, 20 January 1906 - Turin, 2 January 1998) was an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the inaugural Rapallo Carige Prize for "L'ora del tempo" in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="56841660" url="?curid=56841660" title="Lawrence Kudlow">
Lawrence Kudlow


</doc>
<doc id="56841669" url="?curid=56841669" title="St Mellitus College, London">
St Mellitus College, London


</doc>
<doc id="56841676" url="?curid=56841676" title="Harry Venner">
Harry Venner

Henry Thomas Venner (1923 – 12 April 2015), was a male international table tennis player from England.
Table tennis career.
Venner won three medals at the World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team) event.
He was an all-out attacking player and used a hard rubber bat for the majority of his career before switching to a sandwich bat. He later became a coach and ran the Putney Club. He died on 12 April 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56841677" url="?curid=56841677" title="Gina Lagorio">
Gina Lagorio

Gina Lagorio (June 18, 1922 in Bra, Piedmont – July 17, 2005 in Milan) was an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "II golfo del paradiso" in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="56841683" url="?curid=56841683" title="Taxes on dividends">
Taxes on dividends


</doc>
<doc id="56841700" url="?curid=56841700" title="Rosetta Loy">
Rosetta Loy

Rosetta Loy (born Rome, May 15, 1931) is an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "Le strade di polvere" in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="56841713" url="?curid=56841713" title="Armanda Guiducci">
Armanda Guiducci

Armanda Guiducci (Naples, October 12, 1923 - Milan, December 8, 1992) was an Italian writer, literary critic, and Marxist feminist. She was a major player in the feminist debates of the 1970s. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "Virginia e l'angelo" in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="56841720" url="?curid=56841720" title="Huang Yu Hsiu-luan">
Huang Yu Hsiu-luan

Huang Yu Hsiu-luan () was a Taiwanese politician who represented Kaoshiung in the First Legislative Yuan from 1981 to 1984. She was succeeded in office by her sister in-law Yu Chen Yueh-ying. Huang Yu Hsiu-luan was married to Huang Yu-jen.

</doc>
<doc id="56841723" url="?curid=56841723" title="Idalia aspersa">
Idalia aspersa


</doc>
<doc id="56841730" url="?curid=56841730" title="Camilla Salvago Raggi">
Camilla Salvago Raggi

Camilla Salvago Raggi (born Genoa, March 1, 1924) is an Italian poet and novelist. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "Prima del fuoco" in 1993.
In May 1970 she signed a notary deed in favour to the documentation center of the Faculty of Economics of the University of Genoa ti which were donated the works of Salvago Raggi, along with professors Giorgio Doria and Edoardo Grendi.

</doc>
<doc id="56841744" url="?curid=56841744" title="Sandra Verda">
Sandra Verda

Sandra Verda (Genoa, June 30, 1959 - Voltaggio, September 10, 2014) was an Italian novelist and screenwriter. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "II male addosso " in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="56841756" url="?curid=56841756" title="Helga Schneider">
Helga Schneider

Helga Schneider (born Steinberg, 17 November 1937) is an Italian writer of German origin. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "II rogo di Berlino" in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="56841764" url="?curid=56841764" title="Claus P. Andersen House">
Claus P. Andersen House

The Claus P. Andersen House, in Ephraim. Utah, United States was built c.1865. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description.
The house, which is located at 202 South 200 East, is one of the oldest residences in Ephraim, it was deemed significant as an example of Scandinavian vernacular architecture. It is a one-and-a-half-story adobe pair-house which originally had the common window configuration of seven openings on the front facade: two windows into each outside room, and window-door-window into the center room. The center room's windows were later filled in by adobe.
It is located on the southwest corner of E 200 S and S 200 E.

</doc>
<doc id="56841765" url="?curid=56841765" title="31st Chemical Brigade (United States)">
31st Chemical Brigade (United States)


</doc>
<doc id="56841768" url="?curid=56841768" title="Steppe mammoth (Exhibit)">
Steppe mammoth (Exhibit)


</doc>
<doc id="56841771" url="?curid=56841771" title="Mother Borgia Egan">
Mother Borgia Egan

Mother Borgia Egan (22 March 1876 - 11 February 1962) was a member of the Sisters of Mercy. She founded Mercyhurst College in 1926 and served as its first president. As an advocate of women's higher education, she believed that women should have the same chances and opportunities that men do. This was the foundation of her journey, along with her Catholic faith.
Life.
Borgia Egan was born on 22 March 1876. She graduated from Catholic University and Duquesne University. She joined the Sisters of Mercy in 1831, and brought the lessons from the sisters to Erie, Pennsylvania, in the year 1920. Egan became Mother Superior of the Sisters of Mercy in Erie, Pennsylvania and became a well-known and well-liked member of the Diocese of Erie. She was a very enthusiastic speaker for women's higher education and with the assistance and support of Bishop Gannon, she sought to establish an institution of higher education for women in Erie.
She founded Mercyhurst College in 1926 and became the first president of the institution, serving from 1926 to 1962. She was known as the "6 foot nun" because she towered over all other students and faculty. She was described by her students as having "a towering stance and ready sense of humor combined with this intellectual prowess to make her an unforgettable woman." During her served time as President of Mercyhurst College, she suffered a stroke in 1956 and was hospitalized for three years after. Borgia Egan remained the president of Mercyhurst College until her death at age 84 on 11 February 1962.
Sisters of Mercy.
The Sisters of Mercy were founded in 1831 by Catherine McAuley in Dublin, Ireland. She encouraged peace and harmony in all people. Born in Dublin Ireland, McAuley wanted to change the religious views of Dublin and to promote peace and safety for women and children. To carry out her mission, she created a house for religious worship, run and organized by other women like her. Titled, "The House of Mercy," this was a place for poor women and children to feel safe and was the foundation of the Sisters of Mercy. The three main values and purposes that Sister Catherine wanted to enforce in the religious safeplace were healthcare, education, and social welfare.
The Sisters of Mercy, also known as the Religious Sisters of Mercy (RSM), is a Catholic women's religious order. The main goal of the Sisters is to serve anyone who is suffering from illness, poverty, or struggling with day to day life. They have founded schools in countries like Ireland, United States, and Canada. There were over 11,000 members of the Sisters of Mercy across the globe in 2001.
Mission Statement.
"We carry out the mission of mercy guided by prayerful consideration of the needs of our time."
Mercyhurst University.
Mother Borgia Egan brought the Sisters of Mercy to Erie, Pennsylvania, in the United States to help spread the values of the Sisters throughout the world. After they arrived in Erie, Bishop Gannon of the Diocese of Erie approached Mother Borgia about creating an institution that focused on the women in the community. With the help of the Sisters of Mercy, Mother Borgia, took out all of the money from the bank and bought a large piece of land to fulfill Bishop Gannon’s wishes. On 8 September 1924, construction started for the new college. The building itself was designed by architect F. Ferdinand Durang in a Tudor Gothic style. Mother Borgia wanted the exterior to have as much detail as the interior of the building. However, near the end of the project, the workers went on strike and the Sisters of Mercy in Erie had to complete the project on their own.
Mercyhurst College was founded on 7 September 1926 in Erie, Pennsylvania. Originally an all Catholic, women’s institution, Mercyhurst College opened with the help of the Sisters of Mercy in the Diocese of Erie. With Mother Borgia as the first president, the college sought to enhance the learning experiences of young women and to give them a chance to use their potential. There was only 23 students that attended the college when it first opened, but the number of students grew soon enough. Mother Borgia Egan remained president of Mercyhurst College from 1926-1963, all while maintaining the position of Mother Superior for the Sisters of Mercy in the Diocese of Erie.
Mercyhurst College became a co-ed institution in 1969. On 25 January 2012, Mercyhurst College was officially renamed Mercyhurst University. There is now a Mother Borgia Egan scholarship, titled, ‘Mother M. Borgia Egan Endowed Scholarship,’ that is given out each year to a student who is seeking out in pursuing a career of teaching and is following in the footsteps of Mother Borgia.
Core Values of Mercyhurst.
The core values of Mercyhurst University reflect those of the Sisters of Mercy.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56841778" url="?curid=56841778" title="Gerry Chanda">
Gerry Chanda

Gerry Chanda (28 April 1946 – 11 July 2021) was a Zambian military pilot and politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly for Kanyama from 2008 until 2016 and held several ministerial positions.
Biography.
Chanda served in the Zambian Air Force, reaching the rank of general. After leaving the military, he entered politics and was the Patriotic Front candidate in a by-election in Kanyama on 21 February 2008, following the death of incumbent MP and Patriotic Front member Henry Mtonga. Chanda was subsequently elected to the National Assembly with a majority of 441 votes.
Chanda was re-elected in the 2011 general elections, increasing his majority to over 10,000. Following the elections, he was appointed Minister for Lusaka Province. He subsequently became Minister for Northern Province in November 2012 and then Minister for Muchinga Province in March 2013. In 2015 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Home Affairs.
Although Chanda applied to stand as the Patriotic Front candidate in the 2016 general elections, the party chose Elizabeth Phiri as its candidate.
Chanda died at the Maina Soko Medical Centre in Lusaka on 11 July 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56841780" url="?curid=56841780" title="Paleohydrogeology">
Paleohydrogeology


</doc>
<doc id="56841781" url="?curid=56841781" title="Palaeohydrogeology">
Palaeohydrogeology


</doc>
<doc id="56841785" url="?curid=56841785" title="Romana Petri">
Romana Petri

Romana Petri (born Romana Pezzetta, Rome, 1965) is an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "Alle case venie" in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="56841792" url="?curid=56841792" title="Environment of the Bahamas">
Environment of the Bahamas


</doc>
<doc id="56841793" url="?curid=56841793" title="Russian Embassy, London">
Russian Embassy, London


</doc>
<doc id="56841795" url="?curid=56841795" title="Russian Embassy (London)">
Russian Embassy (London)


</doc>
<doc id="56841797" url="?curid=56841797" title="Palaeogeology">
Palaeogeology


</doc>
<doc id="56841802" url="?curid=56841802" title="Renata Pisu">
Renata Pisu

Renata Pisu (born Rome, 4 September 1935) is an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "La via della Cina" in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="56841805" url="?curid=56841805" title="Africonus calhetae">
Africonus calhetae


</doc>
<doc id="56841809" url="?curid=56841809" title="Conus navarroi calhetae">
Conus navarroi calhetae


</doc>
<doc id="56841814" url="?curid=56841814" title="2034 FIFA World Cup bids">
2034 FIFA World Cup bids


</doc>
<doc id="56841815" url="?curid=56841815" title="By Whose Hand? (1932 film)">
By Whose Hand? (1932 film)

By Whose Hand? is a 1932 American mystery film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and starring Ben Lyon, Barbara Weeks and Kenneth Thomson.
In London the film premiered on a double bill with Michael Powell's quota quickie "His Lordship".
A print is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.

</doc>
<doc id="56841817" url="?curid=56841817" title="Santiago Ezquerro (sprinter)">
Santiago Ezquerro (sprinter)

Santiago Ezquerro Cordón (born 11 September 1981) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres. He represented his country at three World Indoor Championships. He officially retired in 2014, having been unable to compete due to injuries since 2010.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="56841821" url="?curid=56841821" title="Paola Mastrocola">
Paola Mastrocola

Paola Mastrocola (born Turin, 1956) is an Italian writer. She was the recipient of the Rapallo Carige Prize for "La gallina volante " in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="56841824" url="?curid=56841824" title="Africonus decoratus">
Africonus decoratus


</doc>
<doc id="56841825" url="?curid=56841825" title="Souk El Jazzarine">
Souk El Jazzarine

Souk El Jazzarine (Arabic : سوق الجزارين ) is one of the souks (or market) of the medina of Sfax and specifically of Bab Jebli.
Localization.
The original souk El Jazzarine used to have a place to slaughter the animals. It was surrounded by Souk El Sabbaghine from the west, Souk El Haddadine from the north and Fondouk El Haddadine from the east side.
Considering the city's evolution, the souk was transferred to become located in front of Bab Jebli which made it limited by the path neighboring to the southern city's wall, Souk El Mahsoulat from the east side and Souk El Omrane from the west side.
History.
According to some historical documents of the Siala family's private properties, kept in Dar Jallouli's museum, the souk was called "Rahbet El Thabh" (or slaughter space).
In the 19th century, the president of Awqaf association, Mr Omar Barakat, asked his local representative in Sfax, Mr Mohamed Fendri, to change the legal status of the souk into a municipal property during a meeting in 10 December 1887.
In 1960, the municipality merged Souk El Mahsoulat and Souk El Jazzarine, while the old slaughter place became a fish market and then a vegetables market.

</doc>
<doc id="56841827" url="?curid=56841827" title="Railroad Square (disambiguation)">
Railroad Square (disambiguation)

Railroad Square may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56841839" url="?curid=56841839" title="Norfolk Museum of Arts and Sciences">
Norfolk Museum of Arts and Sciences


</doc>
<doc id="56841842" url="?curid=56841842" title="Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 256">
Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 256

State Game Lands No. 256 consists of 1,254 acres, located in Perry County east of New Bloomfield, Pennsylvania, United States. The terrain is gently rolling woodland broken by numerous small drainages. The most common game species found here are deer, wild turkey, grouse, and eastern gray squirrel.

</doc>
<doc id="56841846" url="?curid=56841846" title="Nicklas Strunck">
Nicklas Strunck

Nicklas Strunck Jakobsen (; born 17 August 1999) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Esbjerg fB.
Youth career.
Strunck started his career at a club in Ølstykke, but after being sent on the second team, his dad, Kenn Strunck Jakobsen, decided to transfer him to Stenløse BK, where he once played on the first team as a senior. Strunck played for Stenløse in two years, before joining Frederikssund, where he also played for two years. As a U15 player, he joined FC Nordsjælland. He won the U17 talent of the year award in 2016 by the Danish Football Association in 2016.
Club career.
Nordsjælland.
Strunck got his first senior call up on 11 February 2018, where he sat on the bench for the whole game against SønderjyskE in the Danish Superliga. He got his debut for FC Nordsjælland only five days later at the age of 18. Strunck started on the bench, but replaced Mikkel Damsgaard in the 91th minute in a 2-1 victory against OB in the Danish Superliga. A few days later, he played 72 minutes in a Danish Cup game against amateur side Vejgaard B, where he both scored and assisted.
Strunck was officially promoted into the first team squad in the beginning of the 2018/19 season. Strunck got his contract extended in July 2018 until June 2021.
Groningen.
On 11 August 2019, Strunck was signed by Dutch Eredivisie club FC Groningen for a fee of approximately €500,000. He moved to Groningen on a four-year contract. 
Esbjerg.
With no official games for Groningen, Strunck was sent on a one-season loan to Danish 1st Division club Esbjerg fB on 5 October 2020 for the 2020–21 season.
On 4 June 2021 Esbjerg confirmed, that Strunck had signed a permanent deal with the club until June 2025. On 11 July, he was appointed team captain of the club, before controversial manager Peter Hyballa gave the captain's armband to 19-year-old Mads Larsen on 24 July.

</doc>
<doc id="56841847" url="?curid=56841847" title="Let's Talk (2AM album)">
Let's Talk (2AM album)

Let's Talk is the third studio album by South Korean boyband, 2AM. The album was released on October 30, 2014, preceded by the singles "Days Like Today" and "Over the Destiny." It was their first album released under JYP Entertainment since 2009, and their final release under the label.
Reception.
The album sold over 7,835 copies in Korea, and peaked at number six at the Gaon Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="56841851" url="?curid=56841851" title="Peter Cardew">
Peter Cardew

Peter Cardew (6 August 193926 October 2020) was a British-Canadian architect. He was the principal of Peter Cardew Architects based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. His portfolio included projects ranging across different scales, including single family housing, schools, art galleries, office buildings, and exhibition buildings. 
Cardew won numerous awards for his work, including the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada (RAIC) Gold Medal in 2012. Many critics regard him as an "architect's architect" for his innovative exploration of structure, materiality, and spatial experiences. His work has been featured in various exhibitions and publications. Cardew died in 2020.
Early life and education.
Born in 1939 at Guildford, Cardew grew up in the suburbs of Surrey, England. Some of his earliest childhood memories were filled with terrors of World War II. He moved into a safer refuge in Lancashire during wartime. These early memories caused Cardew to be inclined to use bare concrete in his architecture, as it resonated with childhood feelings of safety.
Cardew attended Kingston College of Art in the Royal Borough of Kingston Upon Thames in England in 1958. Prior to his completion of a Diploma in Architecture in 1965, he took a year off to work on a exhibition pavilion with Max Bächer Architect in Stuttgart, West Germany, from 1961 to 1962. Following work for a number of small firms after his graduation, Cardew worked as a project architect with Roman Halter &amp; Associates in London, England until the year of 1966. In the same year, despite an offer of partnership at a young age, he decided to emigrate to Vancouver, Canada.
Career.
1967–1980: Tenures with Rhone &amp; Iredale Architects.
Cardew gravitated to Rhone &amp; Iredale Architects after he arrived in Vancouver in 1967. Rhone &amp; Iredale Architects was considered as an innovative architectural firm at that time, and it has incubated the careers of many notable architects, including Richard Henriquez, Peter Busby, Rainer Fassler, and Miller &amp; Hull. During Cardew's tenures with Rhone &amp; Iredale — where he became a partner in 1974 — he contributed to several fine designs, including the Crown Life Building and False Creek Row Houses.
Crown Life Plaza, Vancouver, 1978.
Cardew was the project architect of Crown Life Plaza when he served as a partner for Rhone &amp; Iredale. The project was commissioned by the Regina-based Crown Life Insurance Company. Located on 1500 West Georgia Street, the building serves as a gateway to Vancouver's central downtown area. The triangular 20-storey office building is shaped by its unique site where Vancouver's urban grid meets the harbor-facing street. Characterized by glass cladding and a concrete core, the building rests on a brick plinth, showing the rich materiality of the properties. The plaza features a reflecting pool, a cascading waterfall and one-storey retail pavilion that imitates the triangular footprint of the office tower.
1980–2020: Peter Cardew Architects.
As Rhone &amp; Iredale was closing in 1980, Cardew established his private eponymous practice in Vancouver. He consistently kept his practice small, low-profile, and limited in size and number of projects, so as to remain significantly involved and assure the quality of work. Some notable former employees include Russell Acton, Michael Kothke, Rob Grant, David Scott, and Elizabeth Shotton; many of Cardew's employees have moved on and established their own successful careers.
C.N. Pavilion, Expo 86, Vancouver, 1986.
During a transformative decade in which Vancouver hosted Expo 86, Cardew designed the C.N. (Canadian National) Pavilion to showcase the Canadian National Railways. Cardew aspired to create a socially interactive architecture, in part through providing generous public spaces. Situated along Vancouver's downtown waterfront, the design of the pavilion addressed its intention, context, circulation, and functions well. It was conceived as a fully exposed steel framework wrapping around a cylinder theatre, which could only be entered by a bridge. Because of the poor condition of the site, Cardew designed the main structure as a grand steel canopy suspended by a gantry system with three foundation locations. This structural design not only embraced the surrounding beautiful harbour views, but also provided better accessibility for visitors. This pavilion took cues from 19th century railway terminals and was a counterpoint to the traditional design of exposition pavilions at the time.
This exhibition pavilion received the Canadian Architect Award of Excellence in 1985.
Stone Band School, Stone Indian Reserve NO. 1, British Columbia, 1992.
Completed to serve the community of the Chilcotin region in central British Columbia, Stone Band School houses a library, offices, classrooms for kindergarten and grade levels, and a yet unbuilt gymnasium for a second phase. The surrounding topography, "kikwilli" vernacular cultures, and community lifestyle became the driving forces behind the design. The building appears quite horizontal, responding to the contextual land form. Clusters of classrooms and offices are placed around a central gathering core, illuminated by a glazed conical skylight which is assembled of peeled fir poles.
Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery, Vancouver, 1995.
The Morris and Helen Belkin Art Gallery is configured by the plaza it shares with other arts faculties on the University of British Columbia's campus. The exterior of the art gallery is manipulated carefully to reflect programs, circulation and site conditions. The main entrance faces a tree-lined boulevard, and the other entrance within the shared plaza accommodates a loading dock with a suspended canopy. The open interior arrangement allows administrative offices on the mezzanine floor to overlook gallery space. Cardew also used two pivoting walls to enhance flexibility.
The Belkin Gallery has won multiple awards, including a Royal Architectural Institute of Canada Governor General’s Medal for Architecture in 1999.
Academics, publications and exhibitions.
Cardew was active in academia and in architectural education. He was an adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia, the University of Calgary, Washington State University, the University of Texas at Austin. He also widely lectured across continents, including North America, Latin America, Asia, and Europe. Cardew was Chairman of the City of Vancouver Urban Design Panel in 1978.
"Peter Cardew: Ordinary Buildings".
In 1996, the Charles H. Scott Gallery at Emily Carr College of Art and Design in Vancouver held the exhibition "Peter Cardew: Ordinary Buildings," which later toured across North America.
Later life.
Cardew was a longstanding supporter of the University of British Columbia's School of Architecture and Landscape Architecture and helped review student designs and projects and mentor students. In later life he was a member of the school's advisory council. He died on 26 October 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56841856" url="?curid=56841856" title="Mycena lux-coeli">
Mycena lux-coeli

Mycena lux-coeli—meaning "heavenly light mushrooms"—is a bioluminescent species of fungus in the family Mycenaceae. It was first discovered in 1954 on Hachijō-jima where it is widely found, and decades later was found on multiple islands in Japan.
Hachijō-jima island is also home to the bioluminescent mushroom species, "Mycena chlorophos". The local name for these mushrooms is "hato-no-hi", literally "pigeon fire".

</doc>
<doc id="56841859" url="?curid=56841859" title="Jürgen Anger">
Jürgen Anger


</doc>
<doc id="56841864" url="?curid=56841864" title="2018 Oceania Table Tennis Championships">
2018 Oceania Table Tennis Championships

The 2018 Oceania Table Tennis Championships was held in Gold Coast, Australia, from 15–19 March 2018. The competition took place in two venues: the Gold Coast Table Tennis Association, and Oxenford Studios, which was also used as the venue for the table tennis events at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Schedule.
The competition featured 14 events: seven for senior players and seven for under-21 players.
The schedule below was released by the International Table Tennis Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="56841868" url="?curid=56841868" title="2017–18 Algerian Basketball Cup">
2017–18 Algerian Basketball Cup

The 2017–18 Algerian Basketball Cup is the 49th edition of the Algerian Basketball Cup. It is managed by the FABB and is held in Algiers, in the Hacène Harcha Arena on July 5, 2018.
Round of 16.
Draw on Saturday, February 24 at the headquarters of the Algerian Basketball Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="56841875" url="?curid=56841875" title="Kenneth Craigie">
Kenneth Craigie

Kenneth Craigie is a male former international table tennis player from England.
Table tennis career.
Craigie won a bronze medal at the 1954 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team) event with Richard Bergmann, Johnny Leach, Aubrey Simons and Harry Venner for England.
He coached the twin sisters Diane Rowe and Rosalind Rowe at the West Ealing Table Tennis Club.

</doc>
<doc id="56841885" url="?curid=56841885" title="Drama High (novel)">
Drama High (novel)


</doc>
<doc id="56841895" url="?curid=56841895" title="FCI Levadia Tallinn (women)">
FCI Levadia Tallinn (women)


</doc>
<doc id="56841896" url="?curid=56841896" title="Good Behavior">
Good Behavior


</doc>
<doc id="56841903" url="?curid=56841903" title="François De Vries">
François De Vries


</doc>
<doc id="56841906" url="?curid=56841906" title="Cayo Costa Island">
Cayo Costa Island


</doc>
<doc id="56841916" url="?curid=56841916" title="Rissoa doliolum">
Rissoa doliolum


</doc>
<doc id="56841922" url="?curid=56841922" title="Cross-Examination (film)">
Cross-Examination (film)

Cross-Examination is a 1932 American drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring H. B. Warner, Sally Blane and Natalie Moorhead.
Synopsis.
A defense attorney tries to prove the innocence of his client on a murder charge, despite witness after witness testifying against him. However, during a cross examination of a crucial witness, the lawyer is able to establish the real truth.

</doc>
<doc id="56841925" url="?curid=56841925" title="President of the Queensland Court of Appeal">
President of the Queensland Court of Appeal


</doc>
<doc id="56841928" url="?curid=56841928" title="Cerithium pygmaeum">
Cerithium pygmaeum


</doc>
<doc id="56841931" url="?curid=56841931" title="2018 in Lebanon">
2018 in Lebanon

Events in the year 2018 in Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="56841932" url="?curid=56841932" title="Jilin (disambiguation)">
Jilin (disambiguation)

Jilin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56841953" url="?curid=56841953" title="Bergen County Executive">
Bergen County Executive

The Bergen County Executive is county executive of Bergen County, New Jersey, United States who, as the chief officer of the county's executive branch, oversees the administration of county government. The office was inaugurated in 1986 at the same time the Board of Chosen Freeholders, which plays a legislative role, was reconfigured. The New Jersey Superior Court had subsumed and replaced county courts in 1983. The executive offices are located in the county seat, Hackensack.
The executive is directly elected at-large to a four-year term on a partisan basis. Since the first county executive took office, five individuals have served in the position. In 2014, incumbent James J. "Jim" Tedesco III was elected to his first term and was re-elected in 2018. As of Election Day 2017 there were 593,454 registered voters in the county, which in 2016 had estimated an estimated population of 939,151.
History.
In 1972, the State of New Jersey passed the Optional County Charter Law, which provides for four different manners in which a county could be governed: by an executive, an administrator, a board president or a county supervisor.
A referendum to change the Bergen County form of government was held in 1974 and was rejected by a margin of 132,168 to 123,106, making Bergen one of four counties to reject proposals modifying the structure of county government, while four other counties passed changes. The measure was supported by the League of Women Voters and other groups as a method of improving the management of the county, while the loss of "home rule" in the county's 70 municipalities was one of the issues driving opposition to the referendum.
In 1985, a second referendum was held. The proposal to create an executive branch was approved by a high margin: of the 490,437 registered voters, 116,031 voted for and 70,331 against. The change also reduced the number of members of the legislative branch, Board of Chosen Freeholders, from nine to seven. The judicial branch, namely the county court, had been subsumed and replaced by the New Jersey Superior Court Law Division in 1983.
The executive has power to appoint a County Administrator as well as department heads (with approval of the Board). Responsibilities include preparation/submission of operating and capital budgets, introduction of legislation, the hiring and dismissal of personnel, and approval or veto Freeholder ordinances. The Board of Freeholders board have the power to investigate administrative actions of the executive, approve ordinances and resolutions, initiate service contracts with municipalities, and adopt an administrative code.
Bergen is one of five counties New Jersey with a county executive, the others being Atlantic, Essex, Hudson and Mercer.
County executives.
1987–1991.
William D. McDowell served one term. McDowell had earlier served on board of the New Jersey Meadowlands Commission.
McDowell, who at the time was County Sheriff, faced Democrat Matthew Feldman, a five-term member of the New Jersey Senate and former Senate President in the race. McDowell was endorsed by Doris Mahalick, Feldman's rival for the Democratic nomination. McDowell beat Feldman by a margin of nearly 20,000, capturing 112,619 votes (55% of ballots cast) to 92,649 (45%) for Feldman.
1991–2003.
William "Pat" Schuber, a Republican, served 12 years as the County Executive. Schuber had previously served both as a councilman and mayor of Bogota, New Jersey and was elected to five successive terms in the New Jersey General Assembly In 2011, he was appointed to a six-year term on the board of commissioners of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey (PANYNJ).
2003–2011.
Dennis McNerney, was the first Democrat to serve as County Executive, which he did from 2003 to 2011.
He took office in January 2003 after being twice elected to the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders, in 1998 and 2001, defeating McNerney was reelected to a second term of office as county executive in 2006, defeating former Freeholder Todd Caliguire. He lost reelection in the 2010 election to Kathleen Donovan in a race in which the Republicans captured all three open seats on the Board of Chosen Freeholders to regain control on the board.
In his February 2008 "State of the County" address, McNerney called for Bergen County municipalities with populations less than 10,000 to merge, saying "The surest way to significantly lower homeowners' property taxes is to merge small towns and reduce administrative overhead." Half of Bergen County's 70 municipalities have fewer than 10,000 residents each.
2011–2015.
Kathleen A. Donovan is a Republican who served one term as county executive.
Donovan was a part-time public defender of her hometown, Lyndhurst from 1983 to 1988. From 1986 to 1988, she represented the 36th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly. She was first elected County Clerk in 1988 and was reelected in 1993, 1998, 2003 and 2008. As County Clerk she also functioned as a Recorder of Deeds for Bergen County.
In 1994 Donovan was appointed by Gov. Christine Todd Whitman to the Board of Commissioners of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. She later became the chairwoman. Donovan stepped down as Port Authority Chairwoman in December 1995 in order to unsuccessfully run for Congress in the 1996 election, but she retained her seat on the agency's Board of Commissioners. Donovan remained a Port Authority Commissioner until 2002 when she was replaced by Gov. James McGreevey when her term expired.
Donovan unsuccessfully sought support to run for Bergen County executive in the 2002 Republican primary, and lost a campaign for the 2006 Republican nomination for county executive. Donovan ran for county executive in 2010 and was swept into office with her three Freeholder running mates, in an election in which perceived corruption by the Democratic incumbents, rising spending and taxes were the major issues. Donovan won with 52.9% of the vote (117,104), while McNerney received 47.1% (104,366).
2015–present.
James J. Tedesco III was sworn as county executive just hours into 2015, and was later publicly sworn in on January 4, 2015, at Bergen Community College. Before being elected as county executive, Tedesco served as a councilman in Paramus from 2000 through 2002 and served two terms as mayor from 2003 through 2010.
Tedesco was elected to the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders on November 5, 2013 and took office in January 2014. 
Before beginning his term as Freeholder, he testified on the citizens' behalf at a Port Authority Board meeting on the Fort Lee lane closure scandal in November 2013.
After winning the Democratic nomination, Tedesco challenged incumbent county executive Kathleen Donovan. in an election in which the major issues were the county budget, consolidation of the county police and sheriff, and issues regarding lawsuits filed between the different branches of government. Tedesco won with 54.2% of the vote (107,958), ahead of Donovan with 45.8% (91,299), in a race in which Tedesco's campaign spending nearly $1 million, outspending Donovan by a 2-1 margin.
His first day in office, Tedesco approved an arrangement merging the Bergen County Police Department and the Bergen County Sheriff's Office. The deal went through following the approval of the freeholders.
In 2017, Tedesco signed an executive order raising the minimum wage for county employees to $15 per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="56841957" url="?curid=56841957" title="JK Rolling Doors">
JK Rolling Doors


</doc>
<doc id="56841964" url="?curid=56841964" title="Llanfairpwllgwngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch">
Llanfairpwllgwngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch


</doc>
<doc id="56841966" url="?curid=56841966" title="Bernard Crouch">
Bernard Crouch

Bernard Crouch (1925–1955), was a male international table tennis player from England.
Table tennis career.
Crouch won a bronze medal at the 1950 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team) event with Richard Bergmann, Johnny Leach, Aubrey Simons and Harry Venner for England.
He won the Wilmott Cup for the Staines League in 1954/55 and was also on the Middlesex County Championships winning side in 1947–48 and 1949–50 to 1955.
Tennis.
He was an excellent tennis player and a regular member of the Surrey County side and played at Wimbledon on several occasions.
Death.
He died in the 1955 Barnes railway accident.

</doc>
<doc id="56841967" url="?curid=56841967" title="2001 EuroLeague Final Four">
2001 EuroLeague Final Four


</doc>
<doc id="56841969" url="?curid=56841969" title="Africonus melissae">
Africonus melissae


</doc>
<doc id="56841971" url="?curid=56841971" title="Maria Evelia Marmolejo">
Maria Evelia Marmolejo


</doc>
<doc id="56841981" url="?curid=56841981" title="City of Orange">
City of Orange


</doc>
<doc id="56841983" url="?curid=56841983" title="Apamea in Syria of the Syriacs">
Apamea in Syria of the Syriacs


</doc>
<doc id="56841988" url="?curid=56841988" title="Comic Con Delhi">
Comic Con Delhi


</doc>
<doc id="56841992" url="?curid=56841992" title="Comic Con Mumbai">
Comic Con Mumbai


</doc>
<doc id="56841996" url="?curid=56841996" title="Thomas Joseph Delaney">
Thomas Joseph Delaney


</doc>
<doc id="56841998" url="?curid=56841998" title="Tavernes Blanques - Natzaret metro line">
Tavernes Blanques - Natzaret metro line


</doc>
<doc id="56842001" url="?curid=56842001" title="Emily Lansingh Muir">
Emily Lansingh Muir


</doc>
<doc id="56842004" url="?curid=56842004" title="Torture in Saudi Arabia">
Torture in Saudi Arabia


</doc>
<doc id="56842008" url="?curid=56842008" title="Torture in Oman">
Torture in Oman


</doc>
<doc id="56842009" url="?curid=56842009" title="A Royal Romance">
A Royal Romance

A Royal Romance is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring William Collier, Pauline Starke and Clarence Muse. It was an unofficial remake of the 1925 silent film "A Fool and His Money".

</doc>
<doc id="56842019" url="?curid=56842019" title="Slavery in Oman">
Slavery in Oman


</doc>
<doc id="56842028" url="?curid=56842028" title="Beyondless">
Beyondless

Beyondless is the fourth studio album by Danish punk rock band Iceage. The album was released through Matador on 4 May 2018.
Background.
The first single for "Beyondless", "Catch It", was released on 12 February 2018. The single was given the Best New Track acclaim from "Pitchfork". Sasha Geffen praised the song for its complexity and unpredictability, saying that when it "slows to a false ending and then spins back up into a raucous, unhinged instrumental climax, it only makes his come-on sound like it could double as a threat." With the release of the single, the band announced tour dates for the Summer of 2018.
On 1 March 2018, Iceage released their second single, "Pain Killer" which featured backing vocals from Sky Ferreira. With the release of the single, Iceage announced further details on their fourth studio album, including the full track list, and the name of the album. The track has been described as a jazz-influenced track due to its backing horns and percussion. In an endearing review, Evan Rytlewski of Pitchfork described the track as morose, and praised Ferreira's backing vocals.
Three weeks later, their third single "Take It All" was released. The track was described by Laurence Day of "The Line of Best Fit" as "sprawling". Ryan Leas of Stereogum gave the track a rave review, claiming it to be the best single of the album. Leas called "Take It All" an "enigmatic piece, with an atmosphere that unfolds gradually and changes within a single moment, managing to come across as haunting, angered, and a darkly pretty reverie simultaneously." In a positive review, Ben Kaye of the "Consequence of Sound" called the track "lush" and that the brooding singing of Elias Bender Rønnenfelt and the proceeding percussion made the track unique. Ryan Reed of the "Rolling Stone" gave high remarks to the violin appearance by Nils Gröndahl. Robin Murray of "Clash" magazine praised the lyricism of the track.
The fourth single released prior to the album releasing was "The Day the Music Dies", which was released on 18 April 2018. Lauren O'Neill of "Noisey" and subsidiary of "Vice" magazine, described the track as "driving, rhythmic, and direct". O'Neill also felt that Elias Rønnenfelt's lyricism was "poetic" and "on prime form". Lizzie Manno of "Paste" magazine felt the track was anxious and restless.
Critical reception.
"Beyondless" received critical acclaim upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 83, based on 24 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from AllMusic.

</doc>
<doc id="56842033" url="?curid=56842033" title="Cirroctopus antarctica">
Cirroctopus antarctica

Cirroctopus antartica is a species of deep-sea octopus known from only two specimens, both collected around the Antarctic Peninsula. Its shell is like the letter "U" in shape. It is possible, though not certain, that "C. antarctica" is a synonym of "C. glacialis".

</doc>
<doc id="56842049" url="?curid=56842049" title="Phoebe Thorn Merritt Clements Taber">
Phoebe Thorn Merritt Clements Taber


</doc>
<doc id="56842051" url="?curid=56842051" title="Stephan Prager">
Stephan Prager


</doc>
<doc id="56842053" url="?curid=56842053" title="Phoebe Merritt">
Phoebe Merritt


</doc>
<doc id="56842056" url="?curid=56842056" title="Phoebe Clements">
Phoebe Clements


</doc>
<doc id="56842059" url="?curid=56842059" title="Indre By (disambiguation)">
Indre By (disambiguation)

Indre By may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56842060" url="?curid=56842060" title="Phoebe Thorn Clements Taber">
Phoebe Thorn Clements Taber


</doc>
<doc id="56842062" url="?curid=56842062" title="Adele-Anaïs Colin Toudouze">
Adele-Anaïs Colin Toudouze

Adele-Anaïs Colin Toudouze (1822 – 1899) was a fashion plate illustrator born in the Ukraine. She was born to a painter and lithographer, Alexandre-Marie Colin and his wife, who was also a painter.
Biography.
Anaïs was the second oldest sister of the Colin family. She had an older sister, Héloïse, and two younger sisters, Laure and Isabelle. All of the siblings were artists and Héloïse and Anaïs worked closely together on many projects for fashion plate illustrations and had similar styles. They came from a long line of ancestors that were also artists including, Jean-Baptise Greuze. The daughters learned skills from their father instead of attending an academy.
Anaïs’ father was a supporter of the Romantic movement and close friends to Eugène Delacroix, Théodore Gericault, and Paul Gavarni. This sparked Anaïs’ interest in the Romantic movement as well, and she followed her father’s footsteps in joining that style for her artwork. Her father had a studio called Pére in the “center of the artistic activity in Paris.” This kept the girls very involved and immersed in the art world. Each of the girls won awards and medals at the Salon between the ages of 14-20. Their paintings and illustrations were admired by viewers. Unlike other female artists during this time, the Colin sisters did not keep to historical or religious themes that were considered high art, and were encouraged by their father to learn proper techniques even though they did not receive official academic training.
Anaïs went to marry an architect and aquafortist engraver named Gabriel Toudouze in 1845. They were only married for 9 years before he died in 1854, leaving Anaïs to take care of their three young children. To provide for her family, Anaïs worked and produced many fashion illustration plates for fashion magazines, journals, and books.
Anaïs’ daughter Isabelle followed in her mother’s footsteps and became a fashion illustrator and painter. Her oldest son Gustave became a novelist, and his son Georges-Gustave wrote a book about his family's fashion illustration and artistic history titled, "Le Costume françois". Her second son also Edouard became a painter. Anaïs died in 1899.
Professional work.
Anaïs worked for over 35 fashion publications during her career. Fashion magazines became hugely popular from 1830 – 1870, providing ample work for female illustrators. She did the majority of her work for the fashion magazine in France called "La Mode Illustrée". "La Mode" was distributed weekly and highlighted Victorian fashion trends of the time including accessories to go with the piece. All of the prints for the magazine were hand-colored and inserted with text descriptions explaining the fashions being showcased. Anaïs did not only illustrate for French fashion publications, she also illustrated for British fashion journals such as "La Belle Assemblee", "The Queen" (which was equivalent to today’s "Vogue"), and "Englishwoman’s Domestic Magazine". Additionally, she illustrated books, depicting leisure and historical romantic scenes. Her main competitor who also did fashion plates was Jules David. David was a painter and lithographer that worked with Adolphe Goubaud, a publisher.
When fashion plates became a popular form of illustration this provided a way for Anaïs's work to be mass produced. Instead of making the illustrator redraw the same exact image over and over, the artist would either etch, engrave, or lithograph the image and then color it in by hand. This form of production was much more efficient and realistic to produce fashion magazines at the weekly rate they were being printed. The figures being depicted in fashion plates were often very stiff and placed in positions that displayed the fashions best. One of the downsides to fashion plates are that they did not show three-dimensional perspectives.
Anaïs ended up having a slightly more successful career than her sister Héloïse due to the fact she lived longer and had a larger collection of work. Museums like The Metropolitan Museum of Art carry a collection of her prints while others are still around for sale.

</doc>
<doc id="56842074" url="?curid=56842074" title="Gabriel Robin">
Gabriel Robin

Gabriel Robin (Nantes, 1902 – Aulnay-sous-Bois, 1970) was a French painter of the new École de Paris.
Biography.
After practicing various crafts in factories and on construction sites, Gabriel Robin, who attended five years of evening drawing classes at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Belleville, set up his studio above the house he built in Aulnay in 1931 in which he shared his time between his profession as a cobbler in the morning, and his passion for painting the rest of the day.
In 1932, as one of the founding members of the group called the "Indélicats", he participated to its activities. They published an anarchist magazine, in the form of booklets containing ten linocuts (engravings on linoleum) printed at about a hundred copies, which took a political and critical look on society. Some of the social issues dealt with by Estève, Pignon, Roger Falck, Georges Ort, Adrien Cumora, Gisèle Delsine, Louis Féron, Fougeron, Marcel Debarbieux and Gabriel Robin with very effective graphic force were Bastille Day (14 July), unemployment, the elite, athletes, colonization and war.
Paul Rosenberg was the first art dealer to take notice of Robin. He went to visit him in Aulnay-sous-Bois in 1938 and immediately bought two large canvases Robin had just finished.
Rosenberg showed these paintings to Braque and Picasso and Braque advised him to keep an eye on the artist. He went back to Aulnay several times and bought a dozen canvases. The declaration of war interrupted these transactions as Paul Rosenberg left for the United States in 1940 in order to escape the Nazis and later opened a gallery in New York.
During his too short career as a recognized and celebrated artist both by critics and by the art market, Robin took part in many exhibitions with his friends Esteve, Fougeron and Pignon.
In February 1943, he participated in the exhibition "Douze peintres d’aujourd’hui" (Twelve Painters of Today) organized by the art critic Gaston Diehl (who founded the Salon de Mai that same year) t the Galerie de France. It also included the painters Bazaine, Borès, Estève, Fougeron, Gischia, Lapicque, Le Moal, Manessier, Pignon, Robin, Singier and Jacques Villon.
It is thanks to André Lhote and Jacques Villon, with whom he had a long time friendship that Robin rose to great successes. André Lhote and his wife, Simone Camin, were very interested by Robin's colorful research built upon the work of Georges de La Tour, nd they organized his first solo exhibition at the gallery "Pittoresque" in 1943.
In 1945, René Drouin, who had just founded his gallery Place Vendôme, signed a contract with him as well as with Fougeron Gischia, Singier, Manessier and Le Moal.
Two years later, he signed with the Billiet – Caputo gallery which organized two exhibitions of his work.
Until 1950, Robin exhibited his works many times in Paris in places such as the Salon d’automne, and at the exhibition on French Contemporary Art (in 1946) at the Musée du Luxembourg. He also presented his works in Lyon (Galerie Folklore of Marcel Michaud in 1945), in Saint-Étienne (an exhibition entitled "Young Masters of the School of Paris" in 1946 at the Musée de Saint-Etienne), in Nantes (Galerie Michel Columb in 1946 and 1948, and at the Galerie Mignon – Massart in 1950) and finally in Lille (Galerie Evrard in 1950).
He will also exhibit in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in 1945 at "French Painters Today "exhibition and in Tokyo et Osaka ein 1962, during the International Exhibition of French Painting.
In the early fifties, Robin started moving away from the glowing lights à la Georges de la Tour and began a new visual and stylistic research close to lyrical abstractionism (abstraction lyrique).
The art market did not like this change and started moving away from Robin.
During the same period, he was an active member of Orphéon, a bunch of happy friends from Aulnay ( Jean Buclet, Guy Robin, Georges Sénéchal, Jacques Six, André Laude et Serge Wellens) and Wellens) who shared the common desire to bring poetry to the suburbs and make it a living thing.
The artist went back to his cobbler shop in Aulnay-sous-Bois. He continued painting, away from the art market, until his death in 1970.
A year after his death, a retrospective of Robin's work was presented at the City Hall of Martel (Lot), during the Roger Vitrac festival.
In November and December 2008, his adopted hometown of Aulnay honored him with a retrospective at the " Espace Gainville" and showed a selection of his works in the exhibition entitled "Lights, Colors, Shapes: Creation in France during the Years 1940 – 1950 "at the l'Hôtel of Ville of Aulnay-sous-Bois.
The work.
In his early years, Gabriel Robin was influenced by Impressionism (Sisley), Fauvisme (Vlaminck, Derain), Cubism (Juan Gris, André Lhote, La Fresnaye). It is in the early forties that he fully deployed his own style with human figures, landscapes and still life recreated in large colored scapes where the play of light – from violent glow to subtle chiaroscuro – gives birth to a space full of mysteries. These special lightings inspired by the works of Georges de La Tour give to his paintings a tragic constructive power which reveals the anxiety of the artist about his epoch and his contemporaries.
Beginning 1948, Robin turned to new stylistic research. His painting evolved towards movement and color. Now, violent tones in dancing flames and superimposed layers of dominate his work which has shifted towards a powerful lyric abstraction. His Terres chaudes and Terres froides ("Warm lands" and "Cold lands", 1949 – 1961) are abstract landscapes which evoke terrible fires in the forest, storms and shipwrecks in oceans full of despair. The colors vibrate, move and inevitably material has to be used : he incorporates sand in his compositions.From 1962 until 1969, Robin let color, light and form explode in a series of canvases dedicated to volcanoes ("Etna", "Niragongo").Charcoal, red chalk, gouaches as well as costume projects are other facets of Gabriel Robin's talent.
Museums.
Works by Robin can be found at the Musée du Louvre, at the National Fund of Contemporary Art, the Museum of Fine Arts in Nantes, the Museum of Fine Arts in Ontario, Toronto (Canada), the National Art Gallery-Museum Alexander Soutzo in Athens (Greece) and in many private collections
Bibliography.
Source used for the writing of this article:

</doc>
<doc id="56842078" url="?curid=56842078" title="Ronald Sharman">
Ronald Sharman

Ronald L Sharman is a male former international table tennis player from England.
Table tennis career.
Sharman won a bronze medal at the 1949 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team) event with Richard Bergmann, Johnny Leach, Aubrey Simons and Viktor Barna for England.

</doc>
<doc id="56842084" url="?curid=56842084" title="Tushar Khanna">
Tushar Khanna


</doc>
<doc id="56842097" url="?curid=56842097" title="Proboscis anole">
Proboscis anole


</doc>
<doc id="56842100" url="?curid=56842100" title="Barony of Rothschild">
Barony of Rothschild


</doc>
<doc id="56842101" url="?curid=56842101" title="Global-class cruise ship">
Global-class cruise ship

The Global class is a class of cruise ships constructed by the German shipbuilder MV Werften for Dream Cruises. Delivery of the first vessel in the class is scheduled for 2021.
History.
Genting Hong Kong ordered two ships of the class in May 2016 from its subsidiary Lloyd Werft Group for service in the Star Cruises fleet, with delivery of the first vessel planned for 2019. In July 2016, Genting Hong Kong reorganized Lloyd Werft Group, resulting in the formation of MV Werften as a builder of large cruise ships; accordingly, the Global class order was transferred to Dream Cruises.
At the time they were ordered, the design of the ships had not been completed, and as a result construction did not begin until March 2018, when ceremonial steel cuttings for the first ship in the class were held at shipyards in Wismar and Rostock. Major components of the ships are to be constructed at both shipyards, with assembly taking place in Wismar. Construction was scheduled to take just under three years, with the first ship to be delivered in late 2020 and the second in late 2021.
In March 2018, Genting Hong Kong announced that the two planned Global class ships would be operated by Dream Cruises upon delivery, sailing from Chinese ports during the summer season and further afield in Southeast Asia, Oceania and the west coast of the United States during the remainder of the year.
The construction of the first ship, "Global Dream", started on 8 March 2018 at the facilities in Wismar and Rostock.The keel was laid on 11 September 2018 in Rostock. A big part of the ship left the drydock in Rostock on 22 November 2019 and was towed to Wismar, were it entered the drydock on 23 November 2019.
The construction of the second ship started on 10 September 2019 in Rostock. The keel was laid in Rostock on 9 December 2019. Due to the temporary closure of the shipyard in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the delivery of both Global class ships was expected to be delayed.
Design.
Global class ships were originally planned to measure 201,000 GT, but were increased to 208,000 GT in the final design. They are in length, with a beam of and a draft of . They are powered by six MAN Diesel &amp; Turbo 48/60CR diesel engines, which make a total of and power three ABB Azipod XO thrusters via ABB electrical generators. ABB also supplied major control components and software.
The ships will use artificial intelligence and robots for many customer-facing services, with extensive use of voice and face recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="56842103" url="?curid=56842103" title="1945–46 Carlisle United F.C. season">
1945–46 Carlisle United F.C. season

For the 1945–46 season, Carlisle United F.C. competed in the Third Division Northern Section.

</doc>
<doc id="56842125" url="?curid=56842125" title="Miyetti Allah">
Miyetti Allah

Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria sometimes called MACBAN is a loose partisan advocacy group centered on promoting the welfare of Fulani pastoralists in Nigeria. The organization was founded in the early 1970s with headquarters in Kaduna. It became operational in 1979 and gained wider acceptance as an advocacy group in 1987.
MACBAN represents the interest of about 100,000 semi-nomads and nomads in the country.
History.
Official records of the early history of Miyetti Allah are sparse, the oral history by some members trace it to the 1960s while others to 1972 when the association was formed in Kaduna. The association's early members were largely dominated by settled Fulanis whose early concept of Miyetti Allah was to promote the welfare of all Fulanis through self help. In the 1970s, the organization was led by Muhammadu Sa'adu with membership in Kaduna and Plateau States. Sa'adu who was born in Jos but spent his adulthood in Kaduna was a key figure in the campaigns to get new members to join.
Both Kaduna and Plateau states had local branches affiliated with a local government or community, the meetings were irregular and not all national or state level resolutions were adhered to. But as the association expanded to more states, aims favoring nomadic education and access of grazing reserves by cattle breeders became a common theme.
Mission.
A major goal of MACBAN is to be the umbrella organization of Fulani herdsmen within the country. The activities of the organization involves liaising with the government on behalf of pastoralists, land use rights, nomadic education and conflict resolution between pastoralists and farmers. The group also supports protecting and increasing grazing reserves for cattle breeders in the country. However, not all pastoralists intend to stay within grazing reserves and the organization provides information to convince grazing reserve skeptics among the nomads to buy into the idea.
As the major promoter of welfare of Fulani pastoralists, increase incidence of farmer-herder conflicts and cattle rustling since 2011 brought the previously unknown group into wider consciousness.
Structure.
The group's board of trustees is led by the Sultan of Sokoto and it receives funding from the board and other donors. The national chairman is elected every four years. When MACBAN was founded it received support from Sultan Abubakar III, Aminu, Emir Zazzau, Usman Nagogo, the Emir of Katsina and Ado Bayero, late Emir of Kano. The emirs of these emirates compose a part of the group's board of trustees.
MACBAN has a national secretariat at Kaduna and state offices.

</doc>
<doc id="56842126" url="?curid=56842126" title="Timeline of the African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968)">
Timeline of the African-American civil rights movement (1954–1968)


</doc>
<doc id="56842131" url="?curid=56842131" title="Flower Road">
Flower Road

"Flower Road" () is a song by South Korean boy band Big Bang. It was released digitally on March 13, 2018, by YG Entertainment, as a gift and a final farewell from the group to its fans ahead of a lengthy hiatus, as the band members serve in South Korea's mandatory military service. It would also end up being their last single to feature longtime lead dancer ane sub vocalist Seungri before his retirement on March 11, 2019.It was written by G-Dragon and T.O.P and produced by the former along with The Fliptones, who also participated in creating GD X Taeyang's "Good Boy" and Taeyang's "Stay with Me".
"Flower Road" became the quintet's tenth song to peak atop the Gaon Digital Chart, a record among idol groups. It also became their fourth single to reach the number one on "Billboard" World Digital Songs. The single also debuted at the top three on Oricon's digital chart.
Background.
After the release of the "Made" album in December 2016, Big Bang temporarily ended its five-member activities in early 2017. On February 9 of that same year, T.O.P started his mandatory military service and the rest of the members performed activities throughout the year of 2017 as a quartet. On February 28, 2018, G-Dragon started his mandatory military service, followed by Taeyang on March 12. Previously on March 8, YG Entertainment announced that on the day of Daesung's military enlistment, the group would release a new digital single as a gift to fans. Two days later, more details about the song were released, including its name, "Flower Road", and production credits.
Composition.
The song was created while Big Bang were working on their album "Made", and the lyrics were written with the future enlistment of the members in mind, which is highlighted in the lines "this is not the end of us / I hope we'll meet again when the flowers are blooming", a request for the fans to wait for them. During the chorus, the members also express an understanding if fans decide to move on, singing "if you want to leave, I understand / I'll scatter flowers on the road you'll walk on." The title of the track, "Flower Road", is a Korean term referring to a "new, glorious journey", which could be interpreted as both the group's or their fan's path. In the beginning and towards the end of the track, G-Dragon gives a fading shoutout to the group's name, which is a reference to their 2008 single "Sunset Glow".
Musically, "Flower Road" was described as a mid-tempo song filled with R&amp;B melodies. The single also contains a "smooth dance-pop vibe", with Big Bang's "evocative vocals" being put in the "front and center", while the melody "alternates between rhythmic guitar riffs, a clapping beat, and wailing synth."
Chart performance.
Upon its release, "Flower Road" topped all South Korean's domestic music charts within two hours since the song was released. The song debuted at number one on three charts of the Gaon Chart, including the Gaon Digital Chart, recording the highest weekly points of the year. "Flower Road" is the tenth number one song for the group there, making them the group with most number-ones on Gaon, and the second act overall after IU. They also topped the Download and BGM charts, while debuting second on the Mobile Chart and third on the Streaming Chart. The single remained atop the Digital Chart for three consecutive weeks. In its second week, it topped the Streaming chart, remaining at number one at the following week.
In China, the song was the fastest by a Korean artist to reach one million copies sold in QQ Music, China's largest music streaming platform. It is Big Bang's fourth consecutive million sales record on QQ Music, which they also achieved with their single albums "D" (2015) and "E" (2015), and with "Made" (2016). Including "Kwon Ji Yong", G-Dragon's solo album, it is their fifth consecutive record. The song also topped QQ Music's Comprehensive New Releases Chart, the Popularity Index Chart and Weekly Top Songs. In The United States, the song topped "Billboard"'s World Digital Songs with less than three days of sales. On "Billboard Japan" the song charted within the top 10 of Billboard Japan Hot 100, while on "Oricon", with 20,170 digital copies sold, despite being released mid-week there, the single reached number three on the Weekly Digital Singles chart.
Critical reception.
Tamar Herman of "Billboard" described "Flower Road" as "balancing out melancholy and optimism", because the track "is an homage" to the quintet's "relationship with the millions of fans around the world who have supported them for over a decade." David Watt of "All-noise" called the single "emotional", writing that it "has all the right ingredients" to become a K-pop hit. Watt also compliments how it "feels really good as the five boys sing together." The lyrics of the track were also praised, with Julia Hur from "The Kraze" described them as "meaningful" and "emotional". Hur also wrote that "the song holds a sound unique to the group", with the "contrasting emotions" that "balanced out the intensities of each and succeeded in creating a soft atmosphere", mainting a "a light, bright mood from beginning to end", which she described as "perfect to accompany us in the upcoming spring".

</doc>
<doc id="56842133" url="?curid=56842133" title="Siege of Zamość">
Siege of Zamość

Siege of Zamość was part of The Deluge, a series of campaigns in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, that took place in early 1656.
Prelude.
In the summer of 1655, the joint Russo-Cossack army approached the fortress, but did not try to capture it. During the Deluge in 1655, when the rest of Poland quickly surrendered to Charles X Gustav of Sweden, Lord of Zamość, Jan II Zamoyski, decided to support King John II Casimir of Poland.
Siege.
On February 25, 1656, Swedish troops appeared at the gates of the stronghold.
According to a legend, when Swedish representatives came to the town and proposed the capitulation of the fortress, Jan 'Sobiepan' Zamoyski answered: "I am the Lord for myself and I will not give Zamość to the Swedes".
The Swedes began with artillery barrage, but due to lack of heavy guns, it was not successful. Within a few days, Charles X Gustav realized that capturing Zamość, whose fortifications had been strengthened since 1648, was impossible, and on March 1, the invaders withdrew.
Aftermath.
Next year, the Transilvanian army under George II Rákóczi appeared near Zamość, but it did not even try to capture the mighty fortress.
In the last stage of the war, Zamość was a prison for high-ranking officers of the Swedish Army. Among those kept there, was Field Marshal Arvid Wittenberg, who died in prison of natural causes.
In popular culture.
Swedish siege of Zamość was described by Henryk Sienkiewicz, in his popular book "The Deluge" (1886).

</doc>
<doc id="56842135" url="?curid=56842135" title="Chu Ba-jei">
Chu Ba-jei


</doc>
<doc id="56842139" url="?curid=56842139" title="Chu Bajie">
Chu Bajie


</doc>
<doc id="56842146" url="?curid=56842146" title="Rochester Monroe County Airport">
Rochester Monroe County Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56842158" url="?curid=56842158" title="2018 Conference USA Football season">
2018 Conference USA Football season


</doc>
<doc id="56842160" url="?curid=56842160" title="The Flying Marine">
The Flying Marine

The Flying Marine is a 1929 American action film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Ben Lyon, Shirley Mason and Jason Robards Sr. The film centers around a tale of brothers romancing the same girl. "The Flying Marine" was released in both sound and silent versions. 
Plot.
Mitch Moran (Jason Robards Sr.), a commercial pilot, takes his young brother, Steve (Ben Lyon) under his wing. Steve, a military aviator, has just been discharged from the Marines. 
Both brothers fall in love with Sally (Shirley Mason), who is first attracted to the more dashing image of Steve but she soon discovers he is irresponsible and that it is actually Mitch she loves. 
About to break her engagement, Sally receives word that Steve has been injured in an accident resulting from stunt work for a film. She and Mitch agree their relationship must be kept secret from Steve. The younger brother who had lost his hearing as a result of the injury, finds out that Mitch and Sally raised the money for an operation he needs. 
Steve regains his hearing and goes back to stunt flying but to save his brother from a midair disaster, he sacrifices his own life.
Production.
Aviation film historian Stephen Pendo, in "Aviation in the Cinema" (1985) characterized "The Flying Marine" as a typical early "talkie" with a heavy reliance on dialogue, with as much as 70 percent of the film taken up by conversations.
Reception.
Aviation film historian James M. Farmer in "Celluloid Wings: The Impact of Movies on Aviation" (1984), had a similar reaction, saying that "The Flying Marine" was "... long on talk. Short on air action, save the concluding sequence and earlier air crash."
In a modern review in the "TV Guide", "The Flying Marine" rated only one star out of five. The review stated: "Only the capable performances by the cast and some nifty airplane sequences keep this tepid tale of brothers romancing the same girl from being a total bore. ...Could have been better had more effort been applied to action sequences instead of the dull dramatics."

</doc>
<doc id="56842165" url="?curid=56842165" title="Automated summarization">
Automated summarization


</doc>
<doc id="56842181" url="?curid=56842181" title="Kenya at the World Athletics Championships">
Kenya at the World Athletics Championships

Kenya has competed at every edition of the IAAF World Championships in Athletics since its inception in 1983. It has won the second highest number of gold medals at the championships (after the United States) and also has the second highest medals total (after the U.S.).
The vast majority of its medals have come in middle- and long-distance running events, mostly on the men's side. It ranks fourth on all-time placing tables at the competition, reflecting its narrow event focus. The nation typically sends medium-sized delegations of 40–50 athletes. Kenya ranked number one on gold medals at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics and has finished in the top five nations on the medal table at all but five editions.
The country's most successful athlete at the competition is Ezekiel Kemboi, who has won four gold medals and three silver medals in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase. Kenya's most successful woman, Vivian Cheruiyot, has also won four gold medals and also a silver in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres events. Men's steeplechaser Moses Kiptanui won three straight titles from 1991 to 1995 and Asbel Kiprop achieved the same feat in the 1500 metres from 2011 to 2015. Julius Yego is the country's only field event medallist, having won the men's javelin throw in 2015. Kenya's dominance in the steeplechase event is such that a Kenyan-born man has won every title since 1991.
Former Kenyans have also had impacts for other nations at the championships, including 2007's double champion Bernard Lagat (United States), two-time steeplechase champion Saif Saaeed Shaheen (Qatar) and marathon winner Rose Chelimo (Bahrain).
Doping.
Compared to other successful nations, such as the United States and Russia, Kenya's athletes have been largely unaffected by doping failures at the competition. The nation's first failures at the championships occurred in 2015, neither of whom were finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="56842184" url="?curid=56842184" title="March 2018 North American blizzard">
March 2018 North American blizzard


</doc>
<doc id="56842188" url="?curid=56842188" title="Lilo (name)">
Lilo (name)

Lilo is a feminine given name (sometimes a short form or hypocorism of Liselotte and Lieselotte), a nickname and a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56842190" url="?curid=56842190" title="Huang Yu Hsiu-ying">
Huang Yu Hsiu-ying


</doc>
<doc id="56842200" url="?curid=56842200" title="The Wonderfull Yeare">
The Wonderfull Yeare

The Wonderfull Yeare is Thomas Dekker's first pamphlet, written and printed in 1603, the year of Queen Elizabeth's death, James I's accession, and an outbreak of the bubonic plague in England.
Context.
Prior to writing "The Wonderfull Yeare", Dekker was a playwright in London, but upon the closing of London's theatres in 1603 due to the plague, Dekker turned to pamphleteering to generate an income. Dekker was just one of thousands of Londoners affected by the outbreak of plague, though he did not actually become sick.
Dekker's work focuses on the "wonderful" events that took place in the London area in 1603, where "wonderful" refers to something surprising or astonishing.
The year 1603 was generally characterized by extreme instability, both politically and economically.
Summary.
Dekker first eulogizes the death of Queen Elizabeth I, who had been queen since 1558. He laments the Elizabethan golden age and recalls how England's joy was suddenly eclipsed by Elizabeth's death. Dekker personifies Death and blames him for taking the Queen's life.
Dekker recalls how the announcement of Elizabeth's death "tooke away hearts from millions" and plunged her subjects into grief. He recalls the widespread lamentation at her death and includes in his work some of the epigrams written for her funeral at Whitehall. Dekker was not the only one to view the outbreak of plague as a divine consequence of Elizabeth's death.
Dekker then turns to the accession of James I: he says that the "holesome receipt of a proclaymed King" temporarily cured the grief caused by Elizabeth I's death. He recalls the sudden change in monarch and the particular effect that this has on the kingdom: "Upon Thursday it was treason to cry God save king James of England, and upon Friday treason not to cry so". He says that the feeling of the golden age returned in the first months of James I's rule, but when the plague struck in the summer of 1603, people were once again struck with lamentation.
The remainder of The Wonderful Year recounts the horrors of the plague epidemic in 1603, both in London and the surrounding countryside. Dekker also gives the Plague a persona in order to personally blame it for the thousands of deaths that it causes, and describes how the plague cannot be avoided: it affects everyone to some extent and takes its victims without warning. Dekker comments on how the number of plague victims could double from morning to night. Overall, Dekker concludes that Death has the last say, and the widespread fear of and the struggle to avoid death during 1603 made "fooles" of everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="56842204" url="?curid=56842204" title="Local food systems">
Local food systems


</doc>
<doc id="56842207" url="?curid=56842207" title="Helah Jelagat Kiprop">
Helah Jelagat Kiprop


</doc>
<doc id="56842208" url="?curid=56842208" title="Fredrick Christian Sorensen House">
Fredrick Christian Sorensen House

The Fredrick Christian Sorensen House, on E. Center St. in Ephraim, Utah, was built in c.1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It is an adobe one-and-a-half-story pair-house with its front facade including one window into each of its side rooms, and window-door-window into its center room. The house is long.

</doc>
<doc id="56842219" url="?curid=56842219" title="Hang East">
Hang East

Hang East was a Wapentake (Hundred), which is an administrative division (or ancient district), in the historic county of the North Riding of Yorkshire. It was one of the smaller wapentakes by area and consisted of nine parishes and two towns; Bedale and Masham.
History.
Hang East and Hang West were originally one wapentake (Hang), and formed part of the Honour of Richmond from the 11th century. Hang was divided into two in the 13th century; this is why Hang East wapentake derives its name from a hill which was no longer in its area.
Its name derives from its meeting place of Hang Bank which was halfway between Hutton Hang and the village of Finghall. Hang is believed to derive from the Old English word "Hangar" which meant a wooded slope. The place is mentioned in the Domesday Book as "Hotun". 
Hang East was divided up into nine parishes; Bedale, Catterick, Hornby, Kirkby Fleetham, Masham, Patrick Brompton, Scruton, Thornton Watlass and Well. It was bordered to the south by Claro Wapentake and to the east by Hallikeld and Gilling East Wapentakes. To the north lay Richmond and Gilling West Wapentake with Hang West on its western edge.
In 1831, the Wapentake was measured as covering and was across at its widest and was from north to south. It was chiefly agricultural in nature and possessed two market towns; Bedale and Masham. Its land was described as being more fertile and low-lying than Hang West wapentake (to the west) which contained steeper valleys and higher peaks. In modern times, the area that the Wapentake covered is divided between the Hambleton and Richmondshire districts of North Yorkshire.
Settlements.
The table below lists the settlements within the Hang East Wapentake. These are as listed in Bulmer's North Riding and White's History, Gazetteer, and Directory, of the East and North Ridings of Yorkshire.
Exelby with Leeming and Newton used to be in Hallikeld Wapentake, but was transferred to Hang East in the early 19th century, hence the sign on the road with Hang East instead of Hallikeld. The HD on the sign stands for Highway District (Hang East Highway District took its name from the wapentake) and the Highways District maintained the roads in the former Wapentake area.

</doc>
<doc id="56842223" url="?curid=56842223" title="Pedro Méndez Mercado">
Pedro Méndez Mercado

Pedro Méndez Mercado was a twentieth-century Puerto Rican architect from Ponce, Puerto Rico. He designed many prominent structures, including the 1941 enlargement of Plaza de Mercado de Ponce in Ponce and the "Edificio Miami" (Miami Building) in San Juan. He also designed "Apartamentos Beatriz" in Ponce, and is believed to have designed at least half a dozen theaters in Ponce.
Early years.
Pedro Méndez Mercado was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, on 26 June 1902. He was the second of eight children born to José Méndez López, a Spanish businessman with a store in Ponce across from Plaza de Mercado de Isabel Segunda, and Rosario Mercado Galarza, from Yauco, Puerto Rico. He studied in Ponce and graduated from Ponce High School in 1920.
Schooling.
En 1920, he spent one year as a mechanical engineering student at Cornell University. He returned to Puerto Rico in 1921 to continue his mechanical engineering studies at Recinto Universitario de Mayaguez. However, he became a student in the newly created Department of Architecture, where he spent 3 years until the program was canceled in 1924. As a result of the closing of the architecture program, he registered at the Syracuse University where he graduated in 1926 with a Bachelor's in Architecture.
Professional life.
He returned to Puerto Rico in 1926 where he worked in the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority. His first project as an architectural draftsman was the design of the Guayama Fire station. In 1932 he returned to Ponce with his wife Celia Gómez and their newborn baby to work in the private sector.
In 1935 he returned to San Juan where he was briefly employed in the Puerto Rico Emergency Relief Administration and later as construction inspector at Casa de España. There, he met Pedro Adolfo de Castro (1894-1936), with whom he developed a close professional relationship. During those years, they developed most of their Art Deco designs. For example, the "Miami Apartments Building" (ca.1935) in the Condado area of San Juan.
Stunned by the death of his father in January 1936 and that of Pedro Adolfo in October of the same year, Mendez Mercado returned to Ponce in 1937, where he remained until 1941. While in Ponce, he worked on the design of the remodeling of Plaza de Mercado Isabel II.
In 1941 he returned to San Juan to work for the United States Department of the Interior, first as superintendent of the Puerto Rico Capitol and later as chief in the Puerto Rico Public Buildings Authority.
After the end of World War II he returned to Ponce, where he remained. In Ponce, he established his private practice and worked for various government agencies. He is believed to have designed most of the Art Deco theaters in Ponce during this time.
Public service.
While in Ponce, he became an officer in the Ponce Firefighters Corps and a municipal assemblyman as well as president of the Ponce Municipal Assembly and president of the Board of the Ponce Wharf.
Death and legacy.
After he retired from public service, Méndez continued his private practice until his retirement in 1982. "from his drafting table, in the 56 years he was active practicing architecture, he forged ideas that, in one way or another, have affected the development and memory of the Puerto Rican people."
Honors.
He is honored at Ponce's Park of the Illustrious Ponce Citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="56842229" url="?curid=56842229" title="CNCDH">
CNCDH


</doc>
<doc id="56842232" url="?curid=56842232" title="Pedro Mendez Mercado">
Pedro Mendez Mercado


</doc>
<doc id="56842243" url="?curid=56842243" title="Cvijan">
Cvijan

Cvijan (, ) is a Slavic surname and given name. It is most prevalent in Serbia.
Notable people.
Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56842245" url="?curid=56842245" title="Crayons (song)">
Crayons (song)

"Crayons" is a song by independent American rapper Cupcakke from her third studio album "Ephorize". The track features a pro-LGBTQ message.
Background.
The song was first released on the album "Ephorize". The rapper announced that when her "Fullest" music video garnered 200,000 views, she would release a music video for "Crayons".
Composition.
Sonically, the track uses "reggaeton percussion" and borrows reggaeton elements. The "Orlando Weekly" writes that "On 'Crayons,' Harris issues a big fuck you to anyone perpetuating discriminatory practices in lieu of equal rights for LGBTQ people." "The Red &amp; Black" stated that "as the LGBT flag has all the colors of the rainbow, so do the crayons she mentions in her song. In the first verse, she asserts her stance and stands with the queer community, saying, "Love is love, who give a fuck?"" "XXL" wrote that the "LGBTQ-advocating track that showcases her chameleon-like ability to adapt to any beat she touches—this one pulls from reggaeton with its club-ready drums and spurts of pungent horns."
Jazz Scott from "Tiny Mix Tapes" noted it as "fractured dancehall" and "MTV" dubbed it as a "pro-LGBT rights anthem." "Pitchfork" wrote that "As isolated horn blasts erupt, she lobbies for sexual and gender equality for all, weaning out the intolerant in the process" and called "Crayons" a "hip-house jam."
Critical reception.
According to the "Chicago Tribune", the "song has garnered plenty of attention as well as critical acclaim for its strong, LGBTQ-affirming message." "XXL" praised "Crayons" for its "high energy and repetition", but stated that it "also reflects CupcakKe's occasionally lazy songwriting; it feels as if she came up with the hook in just a few minutes." "The 405" states that the song "can still feel a tad clumsy and overstated" and goes on to say "'Crayons' finds her characteristic cleverness replaced by a well-intended jackhammer, repeating 'Boy on boy / Girl on girl', with CupcakKe pointing out she has a gay stylist. It's hard to find any fault with her, giving much needed voice in a homophobic musical arena, but one hopes she finds a way to more naturally graft it into her songwriting." "Vulture" described it as an "emotional sequel" to "LBGT", a song on Harris's debut album, "Audacious", and went on to write "CupcakKe can turn raunch into a kind of high lyrical art, but beyond the pearl-clutching moments, the message of "Crayons" is just really nice. After stringing up her pride flag and announcing, "It's all about the taste of rainbows and colors. The gays gonna serve you life like a butler," she serves up matter-of-fact calls for equality that renounce double standards of judgment applied to gay men versus gay women, and calls for everyone to come together under the banner of love." Viri Garcia of "The Cornell Daily Sun" wrote that "'Crayons' not only demonstrates CupcakKe's growth as a writer and artist, but as a person. This time around, she shows a better perspective of the community and criticizes problematic stereotypes." "Pitchfork" writes that the song "embodies true allyship, representing the experiences of others without centering their proximity to CupcakKe's own" and goes on to praise it saying, "while "Crayons" has CupcakKe's usual share of quotables..., many lines are remarkably pithy and direct, delivered with her forward, take-no-prisoners tactics. She's great at stringing together zingers, but even better at making her point in the clearest way possible."
Music video.
A video for "Crayons" was released on March 25, 2018 via YouTube. According to "The Fader", the video features "a group of colorfully dressed people to provide visuals for her LGBT positive message" and that "she delivers sunshine and positivity in a way that only CupcakKe can." The "Rolling Stone" added, "the Chicago rapper and a group of strangers rally to defend a gay couple who are harassed on the sidewalk. Their union turns into a street party, with the emcee proudly flying a rainbow flag. Elsewhere in the clip, CupcakKe raps in a dark room while wearing a glow-in-the-dark fur coat. "Noisey" wrote that a song "which celebrates guy-on-guy shagging" and "LGBTQ+ love" now has a "day-glo video to match" and went on to say that it was "a delight to see CupcakKe frolicking in primary colours, surrounded by people who... are as adamant that homophobia and transphobia have no place in society today." "HotNewHipHop" summarized the video as "two boys holding hands and walking down the street, until they're called out by another man standing on the sidewalk, who clearly doesn't approve of their relationship. However, their argument is broken up when about 10-15 other people show up to instead hold a dance party." Amanda Wicks of "Pitchfork" wrote the rapper "celebrates equality with a big dance party in the streets." "Stereogum" wrote something of similar detail, stating that the rapper "[celebrates] all forms of love (and lust) by dancing in the streets and waving a rainbow flag."

</doc>
<doc id="56842259" url="?curid=56842259" title="Silvertown (drama)">
Silvertown (drama)

Silvertown () is a drama by Bosnian writer Zlatko Topčić (working title: "Without Word"). It is bilingual, written in both Bosnian and English, and was published in 2016. The play ("Krokodil Lacoste") had its 2011 premiere, directed by Sulejman Kupusović, in Chamber Theater 55. It received great ratings from audiences and critics.
The drama talks about the Srebrenica tragedy through the love story of the main characters, Marija and Salih, who become victims of war circumstances in Bosnia. 
Author Topčić wanted to hear the objective opinion of the jury and he did not sign his name on the text. At a press conference, he said that he wanted to tell a small story with a big topic, avoiding banalization, politicization and general places.
Topčić won the BZK Preporod Award for best dramatic text, 2010, and the Award for best contemporary text at the Theatre Games, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="56842262" url="?curid=56842262" title="131st Armor Regiment (United States)">
131st Armor Regiment (United States)


</doc>
<doc id="56842265" url="?curid=56842265" title="Navajo culture">
Navajo culture


</doc>
<doc id="56842267" url="?curid=56842267" title="Morbius (film)">
Morbius (film)

Morbius is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Marvel. Distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, it is intended to be the third film in Sony's Spider-Man Universe. The film is directed by Daniel Espinosa, written by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless, and stars Jared Leto as Michael Morbius alongside Matt Smith, Adria Arjona, Jared Harris, Al Madrigal, and Tyrese Gibson. In the film, Morbius becomes a vampire after attempting to cure himself of a rare blood disease.
After announcing plans for a new shared universe of films inspired by Spider-Man characters beginning with "Venom" (2018), Sony began developing one based on Morbius. Sazama and Sharpless had written a script by November 2017. Leto and Espinosa officially joined in June 2018. Work began in earnest at the end of the year with further casting, ahead of a production start in February 2019 in London. Filming was confirmed to have been completed by June 2019.
"Morbius" is scheduled to be released in the United States on January 28, 2022, delayed from an initial July 2020 date due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Premise.
Suffering from a rare blood disease, Michael Morbius tries a dangerous cure that afflicts him with a form of vampirism.
Cast.
Additionally, Michael Keaton reprises his role as Adrian Toomes / Vulture from the Marvel Cinematic Universe film "" (2017).
Production.
Development.
Artisan Entertainment announced a deal with Marvel Entertainment in May 2000 to co-produce, finance, and distribute several films based on Marvel Comics characters, including Morbius, the Living Vampire. Previously, the character was set to appear in "Blade" (1998), portrayed by director Stephen Norrington in a cameo appearance ahead of a larger role in a sequel. However, the character was cut from the first film and not introduced in "Blade II" (2002) after Norrington chose not to return for that film. In May 2017, Sony announced plans for a new shared universe featuring Spider-Man-related properties beginning with "Venom" in October 2018; this was later titled "Sony's Spider-Man Universe". That November, Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless submitted a script to Sony for a "Morbius" film, after a "secret development process" at the studio. Jared Leto became "loosely attached" to star in the title role, but would not commit to the film until he was happy with its direction; Leto asked to personally meet with several director candidates.
By the end of April 2018, Sony had approached Antoine Fuqua about potentially directing the film. He expressed interest in taking on the project, and said that if he was to make a film in the superhero genre he would want to make it "something that's closer to what I get excited about." He ultimately chose not to take on the project. Other directors that Sony approached about the film included F. Gary Gray, who considered directing the film but ultimately turned down the role, and Daniel Espinosa, who previously directed the film "Life" (2017) for the studio. In May, while on tour in Germany with his band Thirty Seconds to Mars, Leto met with Espinosa to talk about the film, and the pair were both confirmed for the project at the end of June. Avi Arad, Matt Tolmach, and Lucas Foster were set to produce, and Sony was expected to give the film a release date shortly after with filming set to begin by the end of 2018. The studio hoped the film would fit in with its already-set Marvel slate, including "Venom" and "" (2019).
Pre-production.
By the end of September, Sony was intending for production on the film to take place in Atlanta, Georgia—where "" (2017) and "Venom" were previously produced—but had still not set a release date for the film. Screen Rant's Cooper Hood opined that Sony was likely waiting to see the response to "Venom" in early October, with Arad confirming at that time that there was excitement at Sony to produce "Morbius", especially due to the story of a "healer that becomes a killer, and how do you deal with [that?]" Tolmach said the project was "very far along" at that stage and they were now planning to begin filming in early 2019, with the intention that "Morbius" would be the second film released as part of Sony's shared universe after "Venom". He added that Leto was bringing the same "intensity" to the film that he had brought to playing the Joker in "Suicide Squad" (2016). By November, box office analysts believed that "Venom" had been successful enough for Sony to move ahead with other films like "Morbius", and at the end of that month the studio dated an untitled Marvel film that was believed to be "Morbius" for a July 10, 2020, release. Adria Arjona entered negotiations to portray the film's female lead, Martine Bancroft, in December; her involvement was confirmed a month later when Sony pushed the release date to July 31, and Matt Smith also joined the cast.
Filming.
Principal photography began during the last week of February 2019 in London, under the working title "Plasma". Oliver Wood served as cinematographer for the film. With the start of filming, Jared Harris and Tyrese Gibson joined the cast as Morbius's mentor and an FBI agent hunting Morbius, respectively. Smith was revealed to be portraying the villainous Loxias Crown. In March, filming took place in Manchester's Northern Quarter, doubling for New York City. A month later, Gibson revealed that he was portraying Simon Stroud, and that Al Madrigal had been cast as his partner, Alberto Rodriguez. At the end of the month, Justin Haythe was believed to have contributed to the film's script. Filming was scheduled to take 12 weeks, and "Venom" producer Amy Pascal said in June that production had "just wrapped" on the project.
Post-production.
In September 2019, Sony announced a new agreement with Disney that extended a previous deal to have Marvel Studios and its president Kevin Feige produce a sequel to "Far From Home", keeping Spider-Man in Marvel's shared universe, the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). As part of the new agreement, Feige stated that moving forward the MCU's Spider-Man would be able to "cross cinematic universes" and appear in Sony's own shared universe as well. This interaction was said to be "a 'call and answer' between the two franchises as they acknowledge details between the two in what would loosely be described as a shared detailed universe". The film's first trailer, released in January 2020, included an image of Spider-Man that commentators equated to the Sam Raimi-directed "Spider-Man" films, though it appeared to be used as a reference to the ending of "Far From Home". The trailer also included a brief appearance by Michael Keaton, reprising his role as Adrian Toomes / Vulture from the co-produced Marvel Studios Spider-Man film, "Spider-Man: Homecoming". At that time, Sony also revealed that Art Marcum and Matt Holloway had made uncredited contributions to the film's script.
Reshoots for the film began in Los Angeles by early February 2020, and were finished a month later when film productions around the United States were halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At the end of March, the film's release date was pushed back to March 19, 2021, due to the pandemic closing theaters around the world. In January 2021, the film was delayed again, first to October 8, 2021, and then to January 21, 2022, when "No Time to Die" was moved to the October 2021 date. At the end of January 2021, Leto revealed that additional reshoots were taking place in mid-February. The film's release was moved back another week at the end of April 2021, moving to January 28, 2022.
Music.
By October 2019, Jon Ekstrand was set to compose the score for "Morbius" after doing the same for Espinosa's previous films.
Marketing.
The first trailer for the film was released on January 13, 2020. Julia Alexander at "The Verge" described the premise of the film as presented by the trailer as "ridiculous", while Matt Goldberg of "Collider" felt it looked "silly" and also noted that the film looked very similar to "Venom", which he acknowledged was commercially successful. Scott Mendelson, writing for "Forbes", agreed with the comparison to "Venom" which he felt was a good move by Sony due to the success of their last few "Spider-Man" films, but cautioned that Leto may not have the same box office draw for general audiences that Tom Hardy gave to "Venom". Much of the discussion surrounding the trailer centered on the revelation of Keaton's role and the visual reference to Spider-Man, which led to questions about the film's relationship with the "Spider-Man" films and the wider Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Release.
Theatrical.
"Morbius" is scheduled to be released in the United States on January 28, 2022, in IMAX. It was originally set for release on July 10, 2020, before moving three weeks later to July 31, 2020. The film was then delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, firstly to March 19, 2021, then to October 8, 2021, and to January 21, 2022, before moving to the January 28 date.
Home media.
Sony signed deals with Netflix and Disney in April 2021 for the rights to their 2022 to 2026 film slate, following the films' theatrical and home media windows. Netflix signed for exclusive "pay 1 window" streaming rights, which is typically an 18 month window and included future Marvel films in Sony's Spider-Man Universe. Disney signed for "pay 2 window" rights for the films, which would be streamed on Disney+ and Hulu as well as broadcast on Disney's linear television networks.
Future.
In January 2021, Leto said there was potential for Morbius to appear alongside the character Blade in a future project, with Mahershala Ali cast in that role for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

</doc>
<doc id="56842271" url="?curid=56842271" title="List of Navajo people">
List of Navajo people


</doc>
<doc id="56842277" url="?curid=56842277" title="Tomahawk Lake Country Club">
Tomahawk Lake Country Club

The Tomahawk Lake Country Club, on US 385 in Deadwood, South Dakota, was built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
It is a nine-hole par-3 golf course designed by Lawrence Hughes in the 1930s.
Lawrence Hughes also designed the Thunderbird Country Club in Rancho Mirage, California.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56842279" url="?curid=56842279" title="List of indigenous Mexicans">
List of indigenous Mexicans


</doc>
<doc id="56842282" url="?curid=56842282" title="Su Hui">
Su Hui

Su Hui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56842291" url="?curid=56842291" title="Sir Hugh Owen Owen, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Hugh Owen Owen, 2nd Baronet

Sir Hugh Owen Owen, 2nd Baronet (25 December 1803 – 5 September 1891), known as Hugh Owen Lord until 1809, was a British Liberal Party, Conservative Party and Tory politician.
Family and early life.
Born in 1803 as Hugh Owen Lord, Owen was the son of Sir John Owen, 1st Baronet and his first wife Charlotte, daughter of John Lewes Philipps. He was a descendant of the nobleman Hwfa ap Cynddelw to the Owens of Orielton, Pembrokeshire, a family known for parliamentary and military service in Pembrokeshire. His surname was changed to Owen when his father inherited the estates of Hugh Owen's cousin Sir Hugh Owen, 6th Baronet, whom Owen was named after.
Educated at Eton College in 1817, and graduating from Christ Church, Oxford in 1822, he first married Angelina Maria Cecilia, daughter of Sir Charles Morgan, 2nd Baronet in 1825, and they had five sons and three daughters, including: Hugh Charles Owen (1826–1909); John Owen (1828–1890); Arthur Owen (1829–1876); and, William Owen (1832–1889).
After Angelina's death in 1844, he remarried in 1845 to Henrietta Fraser, daughter of Edward Rodney, and they had one son and three daughters, including Alice Henrietta Rodney Owen (died 1925); Ellen Rodney Owen; Edith Rodney Owen; and George Rodney Owen (1859–1886).
Political career.
Both Owen's father and cousin Hugh had been Tory MPs for Pembroke between 1809 and 1812, with the father also holding Pembrokeshire between 1812 and 1841. Owen also entered Parliament when he was first elected MP for Pembroke unopposed at the 1826 general election as a Tory, after which he admitted his youth and experience, and declared support for religious toleration but not Catholic relief.
Although he was re-elected numerous times, including as a Conservative in 1832, Owen was often criticised for an "inattention for his parliamentary duties". In Parliament, he voted against the abolition of the Welsh courts, arguing "our sessions should be held in future where they are at present held and, when the bill received Royal Assent, he signed a memorial expressing regret for it.
Owen was also against the parliamentary reform scheme put forward by Lord Blandford, divided against emancipation and the Galway franchise bill, and presented petitions for the abolition of slavery. In 1831, he divided against the Grey ministry's reform bill and for Isaac Gascoyne's wrecking amendment, and later divided against a reintroduced version of the former in 1831, and then again upon its second and third readings. He later resigned in 1838 when his father obliged him to vacate the seat for Sir James Graham, 2nd Baronet.
1861 Pembrokeshire by-election.
After 23 years of absence from Parliament, in January 1861, he attempted to be elected as a Liberal for Pembrokeshire at a by-election resulting from the elevation of the sitting member, Lord Emlyn, to the peerage following the death of his father. Owen's candidacy was from the outset impacted upon by his financial difficulties, even though it was confidently asserted that his ebts would be honoured.
Nominating him at Haverfordwest, Thomas Davies Lloyd of Bronwydd referred to the tradition of the house of Orielton and trusted that their fortunes would be revived. Owen was however, unsuccessful.
Member for Pembroke Boroughs.
Nevertheless, the next month, he was elected as a Liberal in his former constituency, Pembroke, succeeding his father who had recently died, at a by-election in 1861.
There was mounting opposition to Owen during the 1860s, and in 1864 there were suggestions that he be replaced by Richard Potter, chairman of the Great Western Railway. However, he held the seat until he was defeated in 1868.
Baronetcy.
Owen succeeded his father as Baronet of Orielton, Pembrokeshire on 6 February 1861 and, upon his own death in 1891, the title was passed to his son Hugh Owen.
Other activities.
In 1830, Owen was made Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant of the Pembrokeshire militia, and later, between 1872 and 1875, was a Colonel of the Pembrokeshire artillery militia. From 1872 to his death, he was also aide-de-camp to Queen Victoria. He was also at some point Deputy Lieutenant of Pembrokeshire.
Owen died at Barnes in September 1891 aged 87. The passing years had erased some of the bitterness of political contests and the "Pembrokeshire Herald", which was so hostile to him in the 1860s, described him as "accomplished, courteous and genial" and "in all respects a gentleman."

</doc>
<doc id="56842294" url="?curid=56842294" title="CJAHL Player of the Year (MJHL)">
CJAHL Player of the Year (MJHL)


</doc>
<doc id="56842300" url="?curid=56842300" title="List of Cherokee people">
List of Cherokee people


</doc>
<doc id="56842306" url="?curid=56842306" title="Su Ruolan">
Su Ruolan


</doc>
<doc id="56842318" url="?curid=56842318" title="List of Apache people">
List of Apache people


</doc>
<doc id="56842321" url="?curid=56842321" title="List of Maya people">
List of Maya people


</doc>
<doc id="56842323" url="?curid=56842323" title="Storybrooke">
Storybrooke


</doc>
<doc id="56842325" url="?curid=56842325" title="List of Quechua people">
List of Quechua people


</doc>
<doc id="56842329" url="?curid=56842329" title="Sioux religion">
Sioux religion


</doc>
<doc id="56842330" url="?curid=56842330" title="Ustashe concentration camps">
Ustashe concentration camps


</doc>
<doc id="56842334" url="?curid=56842334" title="History of the Sioux people">
History of the Sioux people


</doc>
<doc id="56842336" url="?curid=56842336" title="List of Sioux people">
List of Sioux people


</doc>
<doc id="56842337" url="?curid=56842337" title="Jean-Pierre Bay">
Jean-Pierre Bay

The Jean-Pierre Bay is a freshwater body of the south-eastern part of the Gouin Reservoir, in the territory of the town of La Tuque, in Haute-Mauricie, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This bay is mainly included in the township of Leblanc and Aubin. Following the erection completed in 1948 of the Gouin Dam, the "Jean-Pierre Bay" was formed by the raising of the waters of the Jean-Pierre River (Gouin Reservoir). Since 1948, Jean-Pierre Bay has been an extension of the Brochu Lake further north-west, at the extreme east of the Gouin Reservoir.
Recreotourism activities are the main economic activity of the sector. Forestry comes second. A civilian seaplane base is located at the top of the Gouin Dam.
The route 400, connecting the Gouin Dam to the village of Parent, Quebec, serves the southern part of Jean-Pierre Bay, as well as the river valleys Jean-Pierre and Leblanc; this road also serves the peninsula which stretches north in the Gouin Reservoir on . Some secondary forest roads are in use nearby for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
The surface of Jean-Pierre Bay is usually frozen from mid-November to the end of April, however, safe ice circulation is generally from early December to the end of March.
Toponymy.
This hydronym is a name of French origin.
The toponym "Baie Jean-Pierre" was officialized on August 2, 1991 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="56842338" url="?curid=56842338" title="Pittsburgh Bureau of Emergency Medical Services">
Pittsburgh Bureau of Emergency Medical Services


</doc>
<doc id="56842340" url="?curid=56842340" title="Sergei V. Skripal">
Sergei V. Skripal


</doc>
<doc id="56842341" url="?curid=56842341" title="Franchimastabe">
Franchimastabe


</doc>
<doc id="56842342" url="?curid=56842342" title="Taboca">
Taboca


</doc>
<doc id="56842344" url="?curid=56842344" title="Duke of Fernán Núñez">
Duke of Fernán Núñez

Duke of Fernán Núñez () is a hereditary title of nobility in the Peerage of Spain accompanied by the dignity of Grandee. The Countship of Fernán Núñez granted in 1639 to Alonso Gutiérrez de los Ríos was elevated to a dukedom in 1817 in the person of Carlos José Gutiérrez de los Ríos, who became the 1st Duke of Fernán Núñez.
The name makes reference to the municipality of Fernán Núñez, in Cordoba, Spain.
Palace of Fernán Núñez.
The ducal palace of Fernán Núñez was built in Fernán Núñez, Córdoba, between 1783 and 1787. It is one of the most important buildings of civil character in the province of Córdoba, declared an Asset of Cultural Interest in 1983. Of neoclassical architecture, it was built by the 6th Count of Fernán Núñez, during his time as ambassador in Portugal. The palace is inspired by the facade of the Necessidades Palace of the Portuguese capital, where the Spanish embassy was located at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="56842346" url="?curid=56842346" title="Jan Ciepiela">
Jan Ciepiela

Jan Ciepiela (born 21 January 1989 in Świętochłowice) is a retired Polish sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres. He represented his country at the 2009 World Championships finishing fifth in the 4 × 400 metres relay. In addition he won two medals at the 2009 European U23 Championships.
International competitions.
1Disqualified in the final
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="56842349" url="?curid=56842349" title="Alexander Laloo Hek">
Alexander Laloo Hek

Alexander Laloo Hek, also known as A.L. Hek, is an Indian politician from Meghalaya and the current Health and Family Welfare Minister of the Indian state of Meghalaya serving in the NPP-UDP-PDF-HSPDP-BJP administration. He is the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah assembly Constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="56842351" url="?curid=56842351" title="A.L. Hek">
A.L. Hek


</doc>
<doc id="56842353" url="?curid=56842353" title="Group of the Independent Deputies">
Group of the Independent Deputies

The Group of the Independent Deputies "(Albanian: Grupi i Deputetëve të Pavarur)" also known as GDP were a parliamentary group in the Assembly of the Republic of Kosovo made up of former members of the Vetëvendosje movement (LV). Dardan Sejdiu was the head of the parliamentary group. 
On 4 May 2018, GDP dissolved into the Social Democratic Party of Kosovo. 
Members of Parliament.
GDP was represented in the Assembly of the Republic of Kosovo by 12 MP's:

</doc>
<doc id="56842354" url="?curid=56842354" title="Rubria gens">
Rubria gens

The gens Rubria was a plebeian family at ancient Rome. Members of this gens are first mentioned in the time of the Gracchi, but they did not rise to prominence until imperial times. The first of the Rubrii to obtain the consulship was Rubrius Gallus, some time before AD 68.
Origin.
The nomen "Rubrius" is derived from the Latin "ruber", red or ruddy. Chase classifies it among those gentilicia that either originated at Rome, or cannot be shown to have come from anywhere else. The nomen "Rubrena" was probably derived from it using the suffix "-enus", which was typically applied to form names from other gentilicia.
Praenomina.
The Rubrii used a variety of praenomina, including "Gaius", "Lucius", "Marcus", "Publius", "Quintus", and "Titus", all of which were among the most common names throughout Roman history.
Branches and cognomina.
The Rubrii of the Republic bore the cognomina "Dossenus", "Ruga", and "Varro", of which "Dossenus" is known only from coins. Other surnames are found in imperial times. A number of Rubrii had no cognomen. Of these, "Gallus", a cockerel, and "Nepos", grandson, seem to have represented distinct families, each of whom rose to the consulship during the latter part of the first century.

</doc>
<doc id="56842358" url="?curid=56842358" title="1935–36 Arsenal F.C. season">
1935–36 Arsenal F.C. season

The 1935–36 season was Arsenal's 17th consecutive season in the top division of English football. They won the FA Cup for the second time in their history, after failing to retain the league for the third time running after finishing 6th, eleven points off champions Sunderland. The Gunners faced Sheffield United in the final at Wembley, and narrowly won 1-0 thanks to a Ted Drake goal. They had beaten Bristol Rovers, Liverpool, Newcastle (after a replay), Barnsley and Grimsby Town en route to Wembley. 
Early in the season, Arsenal had lost the Charity Shield 1-0 to Sheffield Wednesday, but two months later claimed their biggest win of the season, 7-1 at Aston Villa, with Ted Drake setting the all-time record for the most goals in one English top division match, after scoring all seven goals. He would finish as the club's top scorer that season with 24 league goals and 3 in the FA Cup.
Results.
"Arsenal's score comes first"
FA Cup.
Arsenal entered the FA Cup in the third round, in which they were drawn to face Bristol Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="56842363" url="?curid=56842363" title="Drive Alive">
Drive Alive

Drive Alive is the twelfth domestic single by Japanese hip-hop group Lead. It peaked at #14 on the Oricon weekly charts, remaining on the charts for three weeks.
The single was released as both a standard CD and a limited edition CD+DVD combo.
Information.
"Drive Alive" is the twelfth single by the Japanese hip-hop dance group Lead. The single charted well on the Oricon Singles Charts at #14, and remained on the charts for three consecutive weeks. Limited editions of the single included a chance to meet the members of Lead during a participation event at Zepp Tokyo on March 18, 2007, and one of five possible photographs.
"Drive Alive" was released as both a standard CD and a limited edition CD+DVD combination. While both editions contained the title track, the b-sides "Get Dizzy!" and "Love &amp; Everything", along with the instrumental to the title track, the DVD harbored the music video of "Drive Alive" and the behind-the-scenes making video of the single.
"Drive Alive" was written by Kenji Ijima and Daisuke Kahara, while the music was performed by Y.T.H. "Get Dizzy!" (stylized as "GET DIZZY!") was written and composed by Seiji Motoyama. The final coupling track, "Love &amp; Everything", was written and composed by the duo FLYING GRIND, which is made up of Kengo Otani and Naoki Utsugi.
"Drive Alive" was used as the theme song for the television show "Uta Sutaa!!" (歌スタ!! / "Star Singer!!") during the month of March.
Background and composition.
"Drive Alive" was written by Kenji Ijima and Daisuke Kahara, while the music was performed by Y.T.H. Daisuke is known for his work with singer Kokia, whereas he wrote much of the music for her "Uta ga Chikara" album.
"Get Dizzy!" was written and composed by Seiji Motoyama, who has worked with the likes of South Korean singer Juno and group CNBLUE. The final coupling track, "Love &amp; Everything", was written and composed by the duo FLYING GRIND, which is made up of Kengo Otani and Naoki Utsugi.
Packaging.
"Drive Alive" was released as both a standard CD and a CD+DVD combo. The CD+DVD was of limited edition, while the CD is still available. Both editions held the same material on the CD: the title track, the b-sides "Get Dizzy!" and "Love &amp; Everything", and the corresponding instrumental to "Drive Alive."
The limited edition DVD housed the music video to the title track, along with the making video.

</doc>
<doc id="56842364" url="?curid=56842364" title="Waxplay">
Waxplay


</doc>
<doc id="56842365" url="?curid=56842365" title="Duke of Fernán-Núñez">
Duke of Fernán-Núñez


</doc>
<doc id="56842369" url="?curid=56842369" title="Tsviyan">
Tsviyan


</doc>
<doc id="56842370" url="?curid=56842370" title="Tsvijan">
Tsvijan


</doc>
<doc id="56842387" url="?curid=56842387" title="Li Ho-nan">
Li Ho-nan


</doc>
<doc id="56842392" url="?curid=56842392" title="Feels Like Home (Chantal Kreviazuk song)">
Feels Like Home (Chantal Kreviazuk song)


</doc>
<doc id="56842393" url="?curid=56842393" title="Impediment to expulsion">
Impediment to expulsion

Impediment to expulsion, or prohibition of deportation, are practical or legal barriers that prevents a country from enforcing an expulsion or deportation decision of a non-national. In some countries and cases, a person who has been asylum seeker but has received negative decision, may still be entitled to reside in the country where the person has applied for a residence permit due to such impediments, and may get a temporary or permanent residence permit. In other countries and cases, the person would be considered an undocumented (also known as illegal or irregular) immigrant, or may be in an undefined legal state. 
Examples of impediments to expulsion in certain countries are:

</doc>
<doc id="56842399" url="?curid=56842399" title="Ke Hsin-ai">
Ke Hsin-ai


</doc>
<doc id="56842411" url="?curid=56842411" title="Northward (band)">
Northward (band)

Northward is a hard rock duo composed of Dutch vocalist Floor Jansen of Nightwish and Norwegian guitarist Jørn Viggo Lofstad of Pagan's Mind. The two created the project in 2007, writing an entire album worth of music in 2008 but being unable to record it due to label issues and their busy schedules; they ultimately reunited in 2017 to finally record the album, which was released on October 19, 2018 by Nuclear Blast.
Jansen stated that as both she and Lofstad are busy in their respective bands, Northward is a studio side-project and not a proper band, and that it would not perform live.
History.
Creation (2007-2008).
At the 2007 ProgPower USA festival, on which Jansen performed with her band After Forever and Lofstad performed with Pagan's Mind, the festival concluded with an "All Star Jam" featuring members of the bands who had performed at the festival, including Jansen and Lofstad. Back then, Jansen had the idea of taking a year off in 2008 so she could work on writing a heavy metal album, after spending the ten previous years doing progressive metal. Having been impressed by Lofstad at ProgPower, Jansen offered him to be involved in the project together, and the two wrote an entire album worth of music.
Jansen and Lofstad put together a line-up in 2008 and recorded the drums for the album, but, as they were about to sign a recording deal, After Forever disbanded (although they would only make it public in February 2009), and as the result, Jansen and Lofstad's recording deal was cancelled. Now in need of a new main band, Jansen decided to put their side-project on hold to focus on a new full-time band, which became ReVamp.
Failed reunion attempts (2008-2016).
The two tried to reunite during the following years, but difficulties on Jansen's part made it impossible: first, she suffered health issues in 2011 and a severe burnout which forced her to stop working and teaching, and to cancel the rest of ReVamp's tour, while also making it impossible to work with Lofstad after the tour; then, after recovering in 2012, she was asked by Nightwish to act as lead vocalist of their tour, before becoming a full member the following year. As the result, Jansen's schedule became very busy, and put Northward on hold once again as she was focusing her side activities on keeping ReVamp active.
Recording years (2016-present).
In 2016, ReVamp disbanded, as all members agreed that it would be better for all of them to focus on their own respective projects rather than waiting for Jansen to have free time from Nightwish. This finally gave Jansen free time to reunite Northward, as Nightwish was going to take a year off in 2017; her pregnancy made recording uncertain once again, but the two managed to finally complete the album before Jansen resumed touring with Nightwish in March 2018.
The backup band for the album consists of bassist Morty Black of TNT, drummers Jango Nilsen and Stian Kristoffersen, and keyboardist Ronny Tegner, the latter two also being members of Pagan's Mind. The album is mixed and mastered by Volbeat producer Jacob Hansen. It features a duet between Jansen and her sister Irene on the song "Drifting Islands".
Reception.
Northward's self-titled debut album earned positive reviews. Devils Gate Media praised the variety in Jansen's singing and Lofstad's guitar work. Blogger Man of Much Metal rated the album 8.5 out of 10, stating that "whilst this kind of rock music isn’t my usual fare, I cannot deny that this is a very striking record with plenty of positives that ensure that I enjoy the experience of listening to it." The album was a listener pick for best album of the year on Chicago Public Radio's "Sound Opinions".

</doc>
<doc id="56842412" url="?curid=56842412" title="Rothschild Baronetcy">
Rothschild Baronetcy


</doc>
<doc id="56842435" url="?curid=56842435" title="Akhtar Mohiuddin (writer)">
Akhtar Mohiuddin (writer)

Akhtar Mohiuddin (born Ghulam Mohiuddin Wani; 17 April
1928 2001), was a Kashmiri novelist, playwright and short story writer, who made significant contribution to the development of modern Kashmiri literature. Born in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, his novel, "Dod Dag" is considered as the first novel written and published in Kashmiri. He received Sahitya Akademi Award in 1958 for his short story collection "Sath Sangar".
His early writing were in Urdu. "Sath Sangar" and "Sonzal" are his collection of short stories. He also wrote some plays. The depiction of human nature and handling of human nature are the main features of his writings. The Government of India conferred him the Padma Shri in 1968.
Further reading.
Akhtar Mohiuddin. Enmeshed Life: Translation of a novella originally written in the Kashmiri language Zuv Ti Zolaan, translated by Tasleem Ahmad War.

</doc>
<doc id="56842438" url="?curid=56842438" title="Sarolta Lukacs">
Sarolta Lukacs

Sarolta Lukacs (née Mathe) is a female Hungarian former international table tennis player.
Table tennis career.
She won two bronze medals at the World Table Tennis Championships, in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event).

</doc>
<doc id="56842439" url="?curid=56842439" title="Enough! National School Walkout">
Enough! National School Walkout


</doc>
<doc id="56842445" url="?curid=56842445" title="MP-444">
MP-444


</doc>
<doc id="56842466" url="?curid=56842466" title="Olive P. Lester">
Olive P. Lester

Olive P. Lester (December 19, 1903 – October 10, 1996) was an American academic and outspoken advocate for women. Her research in social psychology concerned contemporary issues of her time and she lectured frequently on subjects regarding personality and social perception. The first woman to serve as a department chair in the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Buffalo, she held the post longer than any of her successors. She designed a curriculum for the School of Nursing at UB, receiving numerous awards for her teaching excellence, and was made a fellow of the American Psychological Association in 1932.
Early life.
Olive Peckham Lester was born on December 19, 1903 in Lancaster, Erie County, New York to Martha (née Zurbrick) and Levant D. Lester. Her father was a lawyer and Lester had a younger sister, Ilma. The Peckham family were well established in Lancaster, having immigrated from Connecticut in 1808 and organizing the Lancaster Presbyterian Church. The family moved in to the property at 5454 Broadway in 1912, which would remain Lester’s residence until her death. She was educated at Lancaster High School and went on to study psychology at the University of Buffalo (UB). After graduating in 1924, as the first person to earn a bachelor's degree in psychology at the school, she began her graduate studies and worked as an assistant in the psychology lab.
Career.
In 1925, while working on her master's degree, which she was awarded in 1926, Lester began working as an instructor at UB in the psychology department of the College of Arts and Sciences. In 1932, she earned her PhD in philosophy through the University of Chicago, while carrying on her research and teaching full-time at UB. She studied functionalism under the tutelage of Harvey A. Carr and Arthur Gilbert Bills, completing summer classes under Edward B. Titchener of Cornell University in structuralism. Upon receipt of her PhD, in 1932, she was elected as a Fellow of the American Psychological Association. During the day she taught in the psychology department and then taught adult education courses at Millard Fillmore College in the evenings until the war began. During the war, she taught a course in human relations at a local airplane facility. In 1939, Lester was promoted to Associate Professor and seven years later she earned a full professorship.
Lester was involved in the study of social psychology. One of her early studies involved the impact of language skills upon the education process. Studying students who had to repeat grades, she determined that mental or physical age did not correlate to ability, but rather proficiency with English did. She argued that tests which placed students on the basis of their language ability, such as the Stanford-Binet test should be used to determine the entrance grade of immigrant students. In a 1940 study, she evaluated whether higher education impacted religious values. The findings produced by Lester and her co-author Richard Bugelski mirrored similar findings at other universities that in the pre-war era beliefs liberalized, but as World War II proceeded there was a shift to conservatism. She created the first curriculum in psychology for student nurses, teaching courses at Children's Hospital, Deaconess Hospital and the E. J. Meyer Memorial Hospital and received three honors from the Nursing School at UB in recognition of her teaching.
In 1952, when Carlton Scofield took a leave of absence to work for the United States Department of the Army, the women professors at UB, including Lester's close friend Emily Webster, rallied to support Lester as acting chair. She served in that capacity between 1952 and 1956, and then permanently became the chair of the psychology department when Scofield officially resigned to accept an appointment in Karachi, Pakistan with the U. S. Information Agency. She was the first woman to serve as a chair of the College of Arts and Sciences at UB and one of the first women in the country to lead a psychology department. She served as chair of the department until 1966 and when she stepped down was succeeded by B. Richard Bugelski. She held the chair longer than any of the successors to the department. In 1971, she was recognized for her outstanding teaching contributions by the College of Arts and Sciences and in 1973, received the university's Distinguished Alumni Award, before retiring in 1974.
A frequent community lecturer on social perceptions, Lester spoke on many issues, such as during the war debunking the myth of innate racial superiority and confirming that racism was a learned behavior. During the 1960s, she lectured on the changing role of women and how social norms, rather than their innate abilities, restricted women's lives She was vocal about the discrimination she had experienced as a woman, like being paid less than her male colleagues and receiving promotions long after her male peers. Lester was also involved in community affairs in Lancaster, serving as a trustee for the Lancaster Public Library for more than two decades and working on adult education projects with the Lancaster Public Schools.
Death and legacy.
Lester died on October 10, 1996 in Amherst, New York, at Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital. As part of the University at Buffalo's oral history project, she was the subject of an interview conducted in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="56842467" url="?curid=56842467" title="MP-445">
MP-445


</doc>
<doc id="56842469" url="?curid=56842469" title="Deyana Lomban">
Deyana Lomban

Deyana Gresye Susanti Lomban (born 27 January 1976) is a former Indonesian badminton player who also play for the PB Jaya Raya. She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the women's doubles event partnered with Eliza Nathanael. Lomban who was partnered with Vita Marissa in the women's doubles event was part of Indonesia triumph by made a clean sweep of the five titles at the 2001 Indonesia Open. Lomban with her ability in jumping smash, had won four World Grand Prix titles with three different partners, winning German and Thailand Open in 1996 with Indarti Issolina; two times champion at the Indonesia Open in 1998 with Eliza Nathanael and in 2001 with Marissa. Lomban opted out from the national team in 2002, and moved to the United States in 2003. She then began her career as a badminton coach in 2009.
Achievements.
Asian Games.
"Women's doubles"
Asian Championships.
"Women's doubles"
Asian Cup.
"Women's doubles"
Southeast Asian Games.
"Women's doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix was sanctioned by the International Badminton Federation from 1983 to 2006.
"Women's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56842472" url="?curid=56842472" title="Erkloo">
Erkloo


</doc>
<doc id="56842485" url="?curid=56842485" title="Hüseynova">
Hüseynova

Hüseynova, also anglicised Huseynova, is an Azerbaijani surname. Notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56842489" url="?curid=56842489" title="Huseynova">
Huseynova


</doc>
<doc id="56842496" url="?curid=56842496" title="List of molecules">
List of molecules


</doc>
<doc id="56842502" url="?curid=56842502" title="Leigh Creek railway line">
Leigh Creek railway line


</doc>
<doc id="56842511" url="?curid=56842511" title="Admetula malacitana">
Admetula malacitana


</doc>
<doc id="56842519" url="?curid=56842519" title="Manned Mars rover">
Manned Mars rover


</doc>
<doc id="56842560" url="?curid=56842560" title="Victor Fleming (basketball)">
Victor Fleming (basketball)

Victor Fleming (born February 2, 1962) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round (26th pick overall) of the 1984 NBA draft. Fleming was a 6'6" forward from Xavier University and is the brother of former NBA player Vern Fleming.
Early life.
Victor Fleming was born in New York City and attended Long Island City High School in New York City, New York.
College career.
In college, Fleming played for Xavier in Cincinnati, Ohio from 1980 to 1984. He averaged 9.3 points, 2.6 rebounds and 1.6 assists in his career. As a Senior, Fleming averaged 14.6 points, 4.2 rebounds and 1.7 assists, as Xavier finished 22–11 under coach Bob Staak. For his career, Fleming scored 1,059 points, joining Xavier's "1000 Point Club."
As a freshman in 1980–1981, playing for Coach Bob Staak, Fleming averaged 5.6 points, 1.1 rebounds and 1.6 assists, starting five games. Xavier finished 12–16, but won the Midwestern City Conference regular season championship with an 8–3 record. Xavier was defeated by Oklahoma City 82–76 in the Midwestern City Conference Tournament Final.
In his sophomore season, 1981–1982, Fleming averaged 4.6 points, 1.4 rebounds and 1.2 assists, playing in 26 games and starting nine. Xavier finished 8–20 and 1–11 in the Midwestern City Conference.
Xavier advanced to the 1983 NCAA Tournament, as Fleming became a starter in 1982–1983. Fleming started 29 games as Xavier finished 22–8 and 10–4 (2nd) in the Midwestern City Conference. Fleming averaged 10.8 points, 3.1 rebounds and 1.8 assists for the season. Xavier then advanced to the NCAA by winning the Midwestern City Conference Tournament. Xavier defeated Detroit Mercy 90–70 in the semi-final. In the Final, Xavier defeated Loyola (Chicago) 82–76. In the NCAA Tournament Opening Round, Xavier lost 81–75 to Alcorn State in the Midwest Regional preliminary round. Fleming led Xavier with 16 points in the NCAA loss to Alcorn State.
Xavier advanced to the National Invitational Tournament in 1983–1984. In his senior season, Xavier finished 22–11 as Fleming averaged 14.6 points, 4.2 rebounds and 1.7 assists on 54% shooting, starting all 33 games. Xavier finished 9–5 (3rd) in the Midwest City Conference. Fleming had a career high 29 points against Butler. In the National Invitational Tournament, Xavier defeated Ohio State 60-57 and Nebraska 58–57, before falling to Michigan 63–62 in the NIT Quarterfinals.
Professional career.
On June 19, 1984, the Portland Trail Blazers selected Victor Fleming in the 1984 NBA draft in Round 2, with the No. 26 overall pick. Fleming was selected a few picks behind his brother Vern Fleming, who was drafted at No. 18 by the Indiana Pacers. Cut by Portland, Victor Fleming was later signed by the San Antonio Spurs and Phoenix Suns, but never appeared in an NBA game
Fleming played for the Cincinnati Slammers in the Continental Basketball Association in 1984–1985 to 1986–1987 and was selected to the 1986 CBA All-Star team, as he averaged 15.1 points and 3.7 rebounds for the Cincinnati Slammers.

</doc>
<doc id="56842564" url="?curid=56842564" title="Olssonella minima">
Olssonella minima


</doc>
</root>