<root><doc id="56784137" url="?curid=56784137" title="Alida Jantina Pott">
Alida Jantina Pott

Alida Jantina Pott (Groningen, January 8, 1888 - December 23, 1931) was a Dutch visual artist and member of the Groninger art collective De Ploeg.
Career.
Alida Pott was born in Groningen in 1888. She was the daughter of Pieter Hendrik Pott (1858-1905), merchant and shopkeeper, and Lamberta Gerrechiena Heikens (1860-1946).
She studied at the Minerva Academy in Groningen and then at the Hague Drawing Academy. In 1912 she graduated as a drawing teacher and returned to Groningen. In 1914 she started working as a drawing teacher at the Kweekschool for teachers. She stayed with this school until 1930. In 1922 she married Gijsbert George Martens. She died of a lung disease in 1931.
De Ploeg.
Alida Pott was one of the first members of the artist collective De Ploeg. For the competition to design 'a simple drawing symbol' for the new association, she came up with the winning design. From 1919 a stylized P forms the logo of 'De Ploeg'. She held various board positions and was secretary from 1919 to 1921. Until 1922, she was one of the permanent representatives at the De Ploeg exhibitions in the Pictura halls or at Kunsthandel Ongering. The exhibition of the autumn of 1925 was the last one she participated in.
Artistic style.
Alida Pott worked in different styles, varying from precisely elaborated and traditional realism to a flat-decorative style, in which the effects of various movements of the avant-garde were visible. Pott lived in different worlds. She was so Gronings as Blauwborgje, but she also incorporated Japanese art and allowed modern tendencies in her work, even before the other Ploegers had discovered expressionism or constructivism " (Timmer, 2004, 52). She mastered virtually all techniques, but her watercolors show the most pronounced 'Pott handwriting'.
A special part of her work is formed by collages. Timmer (2004, 60-62) regards this as' a position in relation to the expressionistic wind that blew through 'De Ploeg'. Presumably she was inspired by the Dadaist collages of Kurt Schwitters.
Like many Ploegschilders, Pott was also active in the field of design and applied art. She painted wooden pins with constructivist motifs and drew designs for wall and tablecloths.
Alida Pott took a special place in 'De Ploeg'. Her work can not simply be accommodated in typical Plow expressionism or constructivism. There was, however, an exchange of ideas with her husband Georg Martens, although it is not possible to speak of a strong artistic relationship. Before that, their characters broke too much apart. With Jan Gerrit Jordens (Alida Pott was friends with his wife Jet Jordens-Luchsinger) she shared the fascination with trees. Both were interested in the linear structure of trunk and branches. (Timmer, 2004, 64)
Legacy.
After her death, the work of Alida Pott was kept by Georg Martens. It was only rarely seen in public in the decades that followed. In 1981 there was a large retrospective exhibition in the Fraeylemaborg in Slochteren. In the collection of the Groninger Museum are her "Girl with Long Red Hair and Green Bow", "Orchard Blauwborgje" and the design made together with her husband for a Jurievrij exhibition of de Ploeg.

</doc>
<doc id="56784144" url="?curid=56784144" title="NMRN">
NMRN


</doc>
<doc id="56784148" url="?curid=56784148" title="Houston Area Stonewall Democrats">
Houston Area Stonewall Democrats


</doc>
<doc id="56784155" url="?curid=56784155" title="Airport Express (Hangzhou Metro)">
Airport Express (Hangzhou Metro)

The Airport Express line () of the Hangzhou Metro, also known as the Central Express line () or Line 31, Line K1, is an under construction rapid transit line in Hangzhou. The line is expected to be operational in 2022.
The line has a length of , including underground section. There will be 15 stations on the line, including 11 underground stations. The line will use 6-car Type A rolling stock.
It will connect Hangzhou West railway station, Alibaba headquarters, Hangzhou East railway station and Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport, and the termini will be Tiaoxi station and Jingjiang station. It will cross the Qiantang River on a rebuilt Road–Railway Bridge with the Huhangyong Expressway (Zhejiang Expressway S2). 

</doc>
<doc id="56784156" url="?curid=56784156" title="Guido de' Rossi">
Guido de' Rossi

Guido de' Rossi (c. 1440 - 1490) was an Italian condottiero.
Life.
He was almost certainly born in the castle at San Secondo, the residence of his father Pier Maria II de' Rossi. His mother was Pier Maria II's wife Antonia Torelli. Little is known of his youth: he served in the duke of Milan's army and in 1478 was made governor of Pontremoli and Lunigiana. He is known to have been a condottiero and man-at-arms in 1479. In his will in 1464 Pier Maria II made Guido, his brother Bertrando and one of his illegitimate sons his heirs. This disinherited Pier Maria II's eldest son Giovanni.
Guido came to his father's aid during the Rossi War against Ludovico il Moro and was thus declared a rebel by the duchy of Milan. He successfully held the Rocca dei Rossi in San Secondo against a Sforza siege under Antonio del Vasto (son of the marquess of Saluzzo), who was killed during the siege. Guido put a price on Sforza's head but the situation soon worsened. He was promised Venetian reinforcements but these were tied down in the War of Ferrara and could not reach him. Pier Maria II moved from San Secondo to Torrechiara, dying in the latter location on 1 September 1482. Some castles were betrayed, such as those at Carona, Bosco di Corniglio and Roccaferrara. San Secondo was still under siege - Guido attempted a night sortie on 12 September, but this failed.
The war against the Rossi was using up precious resources that were needed for the War of Ferrara and so il Moro could not afford to prolong the siege. Guido's father-in-law Filippo Borromeo pushed him to accept a very unfavourable peace settlement. Guido personally went into the enemy camp, where he was offered an end to the siege and to hostilities as a whole in return for swearing fealty to the Duchy of Milan, disarming and giving up several territories and his castles. He accepted and in the end even gave up several annexations and territories and his castles on the border with Parma as well as handing over his son Filippo Maria as a hostage. The Venetians stoked the brothers' feud, however, and the Sforza family soon found a pretext to renew it in the form of Torelli family's alliance and a Venetian provveditore's reception at the castle at Torrechiara. They declared Guido a public enemy on 18 January 1483 and Sforza Secondo Sforza count of Borgonovo attacked him, forcing him to retreat into Piacentine territory. After skirmishes in the Nure valley, Guido moved into the territory of the Republic of Genoa, losing the 33 castles remaining to him after the 1482 peace settlement - even the castle at San Secondo surrendered on 21 June that year.
The Peace of Bagnolo ended the War of Ferrara on 7 August 1484 but instead of returning the Rossi family lands to the Rossi the treaty handed them directly to il Moro to distribute among his favourites. Guido thus moved to Venice, where he was given an annual allowance as a condottiero and a company of 200 men-at-arms and 300 mounted archers. He led this force in the war between Venice and the county of Tyrol, provoked by Sigismund of Austria over tax issues. At the decisive battle of Calliano on 1 August 1487, when the Venetian commander-in-chief Roberto Sanseverino was killed and surrender seemed inevitable, Guido took over command and made a surprise attack on the German troops with 300 mounted archers, including his son Filippo Maria. This forced the Tyroleans to retreat to Trento with heavy losses. In his "Historia vinitiana" Pietro Bembo wrote:
Guido died in Venice in 1490 and was buried there at Santa Maria della Carità.
Marriage and issue.
He married Ambrosina Borromeo, with whom he had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="56784159" url="?curid=56784159" title="Puerperal (disambiguation)">
Puerperal (disambiguation)

Puerperal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56784168" url="?curid=56784168" title="Open system tribology">
Open system tribology

Open System Tribology is a field of tribology that studies tribological systems that are exposed to and affected by the natural environment.
Overview.
Factors influencing the tribological process will vary with the operating environment. This environment may be closed or open. Closed systems (e.g., gears in a gearbox) are theoretically not affected by weather conditions. On the other hand, open systems are affected by weather conditions (i.e., precipitation, temperature, and humidity). For example, weather conditions will strongly influence the tribosystem formed in a ski-trail contact, and ski preparation specialists need to do a thorough work before a ski race. 
Another example is that of tire–road and wheel-rail contacts that are exposed to the external environment. Here, artificial and natural contaminants will exert an influence on friction and wear. Sound and airborne particles from the contacting surfaces are not contained and emit to the surrounding air. Tribology at the wheel-rail contact plays a key role in railway performance. Friction controls the tracking and braking, while wear affects reliability and endurance.
Temperature influences the tribological process by affecting the properties of the contacting surfaces. Polymers, for example, are harder at low temperatures than at room temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="56784181" url="?curid=56784181" title="Anna Prodromou">
Anna Prodromou

Anna Prodromou (born 26 June 1972) is a Cypriot communication consultant, journalist, speaker and educator. She is also the founder of the organization Women in Conflict Zones.
Early life.
Prodromou was born and raised in Nicosia, Cyprus. Both of her parents are of Cypriot origin, and her mother lives in Nicosia. Her father died in 2010.
She holds a degree in French language and literature from the University of Cyprus and an MSc in communication and journalism from Open University of Cyprus.
Career.
She has worked as a project manager on several NGO projects, one of which received a Stelios Haji-Ioannou Award in 2011. She has worked since 2012 as a local news producer for the German television network ZDF. After leaving Cyprus, she lived in Athens, Greece, and New Canaan, Connecticut, US. She is the founder of the organization Women in Conflict Zones (WICZ), which concerns women's civic participation and contribution to civil society. She was also a co-founder of Faros Association, a non-profit organization formed to support AIDS and H.I.V. positive persons and their families. Prodromou is an executive committee member of Join2Media, Her volunteer work has included Faros Association (CY), UCYVoice (CY) and Person to Person, P2P (USA).
Prodromou was featured as an Expert in the ‘She Experts’ initiative of the Mediterranean Institute of Gender Studies (MIGS), She is also the winner of the 12th Cyprus (National) Business Woman of the Year Award 2018, Corporate Category. Her book "Women in Conflict Zones" was published in January 2019 and launched in April 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56784187" url="?curid=56784187" title="OCP71">
OCP71


</doc>
<doc id="56784189" url="?curid=56784189" title="Northlink College">
Northlink College

Northlink College is a Government higher education institution situated in Bellville, Western Cape, South Africa. It is fully accredited by the Council on Higher Education and Department of Higher Education and Training (DoHET)(South Africa). The College is quality assured by the South African Council on Higher Education (CHE).
History.
It was founded in 2002, after a South African Government decision to merge four colleges Wingfield Technical College, Tygerberg College, Bellville Technical College and Belhar College
Name.
It's called Northlink due to it being situated in the Northern Suburbs of Cape Town, and through its campuses links them together.
Campuses.
Apart from the main campus on Voortrekker Road in Bellville it has campuses in 
Belhar, Goodwood, Parow, Protea, Tygerberg and Wingfield
Courses.
Northlink College offers undergraduate tertiary qualifications. The college is also involved in partnership with organizations 
Student numbers.
2015 numbers exceed 10 000.
Principal.
Leon Beeck is heading the college.

</doc>
<doc id="56784191" url="?curid=56784191" title="Yotoku">
Yotoku


</doc>
<doc id="56784199" url="?curid=56784199" title="Joe Schmidt">
Joe Schmidt


</doc>
<doc id="56784206" url="?curid=56784206" title="March 6-8, 2018 nor'easter">
March 6-8, 2018 nor'easter


</doc>
<doc id="56784208" url="?curid=56784208" title="1997-98 Spartan South Midlands Football League">
1997-98 Spartan South Midlands Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56784215" url="?curid=56784215" title="Eng (surname)">
Eng (surname)


</doc>
<doc id="56784216" url="?curid=56784216" title="Eng (name)">
Eng (name)


</doc>
<doc id="56784220" url="?curid=56784220" title="Sforza Secondo Sforza">
Sforza Secondo Sforza

Sforza Secondo Sforza (1433 - 1492/1493) was an Italian condottiero.
Life.
Born in Grottammare, he was the illegitimate son of Francesco Sforza by his lover Giovanna d'Acquapendente. In 1451 he married Antonia Dal Verme (?–1487) and to mark the occasion Sforza's father granted him the county of Borgonovo. He and Tiberto Brandolini tried to come to the assistance of Giovanni d'Angiò in his battle against the kingdom of Aragon, but in 1461 Sforza was captured and was only freed thanks to his wife's petition. He only had one legitimate child by her, Giovanna, who died in 1453.
He was reinstated in his lands by Ludovico il Moro, who put him in charge of the war against the Republic of Genoa, which had rebelled against the Adorno family. However, Sforza was defeated and in 1482 he was sent to invade the territories of the county of San Secondo and besiege the Rocca dei Rossi during the Rossi War, forcing Pier Maria II de' Rossi to flee to his castle at Torrechiara. In 1483 he was promoted to captain general and fought against Parma, which had attempted to rebel against the Sforzas, and the following year he was made governor of Piacenza. When il Moro fell, Sforza Secondo fled to Naples, where he probably died between 1492 and 1493.

</doc>
<doc id="56784230" url="?curid=56784230" title="Multi-seat valve">
Multi-seat valve

Multi-seat valves, or multi-port valves, are used to shut off or control complex liquid flows in sterile areas in the beverage and food industry as well as in the fine chemical and pharmaceutical industry. Multi-seat valves often replace combinations of several single-seated valves in aseptic processing.
Use and function.
Especially in the production of pharmaceutical active substances, but also for numerous aseptic processes, installations with a high degree of individualization are required as the high variant diversity can hardly be covered by standard components. As a result, valve manufacturers demand high expertise in the field of construction as well as close interaction between planner and manufacturer at the planning stage of (aseptic) installations to ensure e.g. the draining capability of the installation along with utmost compactness. That arises from the product-related high diversity of biotechnological processes and from particularities in the processing and consolidation of ingredients for these highly sensitive products.
Similar to single-seated valves, multi-seat valves consist of the valve body, however, are equipped with various diaphragms and actuators, as well as one control and feedback unit per actuator.
With the exclusive use of gate valves, i.e. diaphragm valves that block the flow in a pipeline using a single diaphragm, the variation options would be limited to different nominal connection sizes. Adding and combining T- or Y- shaped single-seated valves allows quite complicated process flows and distributions. Nonetheless, multi-seat valves contain specific advantages for aseptic processes, leading to a virtually endless flexibility in system design.
Since multi-seat valves are mostly made from a forged block, which enables an extremely compact design, they are sometimes referred to as "block valves".
The compactness of a multifunctional multi-seat valve and hence the installation can be strongly influenced by the size of available actuators. Significant advantages can be achieved by using actuators whose diameters is not larger than the diaphragms' diameters.
Distinguished manufacturers of multi-seat valves are GEMÜ, Bürkert, Saunders and SISTO.
Cleanability.
Due to the compact layout of the multi-seat valve, its dimensions are smaller, hence the (sub-) system requires less space. Furthermore, the surface in contact with medium inside the valve can be significantly reduced compared to the circular construction, which is advantageous in terms of cleaning and draining capability. Furthermore, multi-seat valves contain fewer areas of bad rinsing or accumulation of the product.
In terms of rinsing out valve combinations, the "3D-rule" must be taken in account. According to this rule, the length of a branch up to the valve seat should not exceed three times the diameter of the branch. Using a multi-seated construction, "dead branches" can be avoided, so microbial contaminants in the stagnant medium are reduced considerably.
If the valve is installed correctly at the defined inclined position and the inner metal surface is of high quality, modern inner geometry allows a complete self-draining of the diaphragm valve.
Actuator types.
On account of the mostly complex constructions of multi-seat valves, pneumatic actuators are used in most cases. Pneumatic actuators can be differentiated as piston and diaphragm actuators depending on the design.
Advantages on the piston actuator are in a compact design that is especially suitable for multi-seat constructions. Lightweight multi-seat valves with less "dead spaces" can thus be designed. Since the piston actuator has a smooth surface without areas difficult to clean, the outside is easier to clean compared to the diaphragm actuator.
Advantage on the diaphragm actuator, however, is a more cost-effective assembly.
See also.
Valve
Diaphragm valve

</doc>
<doc id="56784231" url="?curid=56784231" title="Ariane Laroux">
Ariane Laroux

Ariane Laroux (born 12 April 1957) is a Franco-Swiss painter, draughtsman and printmaker. She is known for her black and white drawings, using void and empty spaces in her artworks. She has drawn portraits of renowned activists, while interviewing them, paying attention to having exactly the same number of women and men portraits in her books. She has exhibited several examples in the British Museum.
Biography.
Laroux was born in Paris, France, and spent her childhood with her parents in Montmartre in the studio of the Red House of Artists, Rue Ordener, and with her grandparents at Square de la Tour Maubourg near Les Invalides.
After studying at the College of Verneuil-sur-Seine, she gained a degree in History at the Sorbonne and at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Geneva. In 1984 she married the artist-engraver Daniel Divorne (1934-2003), director of the Geneva Centre for Contemporary Engraving.
Exhibitions.
From 1979 to 2017, Laroux exhibited at, among others, the Alice Pauli Gallery in Lausanne, the Cantonal Museum of Fine Arts in Lausanne, Württembergischer Kunstverein Stuttgart, in Ditesheim, the gallery Eric Franck (Geneva-Berlin-Basel), the Michel Foëx Gallery (Geneva), Museum Country and Val de Charmey, the Museum of the Resistance in Lyon, the Roswitha Hartmann Gallery (Zurich), the Museum of European and Mediterranean Civilisations (Marseilles, 2006), the Musée de l'Homme (Paris, 2008), the British Museum (London 2016).

</doc>
<doc id="56784234" url="?curid=56784234" title="Federico Giovanelli">
Federico Giovanelli

Federico "Fritzy" Giovanelli (1932 – January 19, 2018) was a New York mobster and a caporegime in the Genovese crime family.
Career.
Giovanelli began as a small time criminal who had participated in loansharking, bookmaking, and illegal gambling. After becoming a capo in the Genovese crime family he aligned with the family's skippers, including boss Vincent Gigante. Giovanelli claimed Gigante was "the biggest cheater" he knew at card games.
In 1985, Giovanelli was taped having a conversation with Brooklyn Democratic party leader, Meade Esposito, which eventually led to corruption charges against Esposito and Congressman Mario Biaggi of the Bronx.
On January 21, 1986, 34 year old undercover New York City police officer Anthony Venditti was shot twice in the head and killed while following Giovanelli with his partner, Detective Kathleen Burke, during an investigation. Giovanelli was charged with the murder. Burke testified that Giovanelli had shot at her, though Giovanelli denied she was a witness to the scene.
The first trial in the summer of 1987 ended in deadlock after Burke was combative and testy under the defense lawyers' questioning. The second trial in 1988 also ended in deadlock after a major prosecution witness withdrew the part of his testimony in which he had said Carmine Gualtiere was one of the gunmen who had killed Detective Venditti.
In 2005, Giovanelli began serving a 10 year sentence for obstruction of justice after alerting DeCavalcante members in 1999 that they were about to be indicted.
Death.
Giovanelli died on January 19, 2018 at the age of 84 after a battle with illness.

</doc>
<doc id="56784243" url="?curid=56784243" title="Åke Mangård">
Åke Mangård

Major General Åke Mangård (21 January 1917 – 24 March 1998) was a Swedish Air Force officer. His senior commands include commanding officer of the Göta Air Force Wing (F 9) from 1959 to 1960, Vice Chief of the Defence Staff from 1960 to 1961 and commanding officer of the Fourth Air Group from 1964 to 1966. After retiring from the military in 1966, Mangård worked for North American Aviation in Los Angeles and for SKF in Gothenburg, Tokyo and Madrid. He settled in Madrid where he lived until his death in 1998.
Career.
Mangård was born on 21 January 1917 in Västerås, Sweden, the son of Carl Mangård, an editor, and his wife Märtha (née Isaacsson). His brother was the judge Nils Mangård who late became chairman of the National Board for Consumer Complaints. He passed "studentexamen" in Västerås in 1936 and started his flight training at the Swedish Air Force Flying School in Ljungbyhed where he graduated at the top of his class as a fighter pilot. Mangård was commissioned into the Swedish Air Force as "fänrik" in 1939. He did not leave Ljungbyhed but stayed another couple of years and trained to become a flight instructor. Mangård was promoted to lieutenant in 1941 and to captain in 1946 after passing the General Course at the Royal Swedish Air Force Staff College. He then passed the Staff Course from 1946 to 1947.
Mangård was promoted to major in 1951 and served as commanding officer in the Operations Command of the Air Staff from 1953 to 1956. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1955 and served as commanding officer of the Royal Swedish Air Force College ("Flygkadettskolan") from 1956 to 1959 when he was promoted to colonel and appointed commanding officer of the Göta Air Force Wing (F 9) at Säve airbase near Gothenburg. One year later, in 1960, Mangård attended the Swedish National Defence College and was then appointed Vice Chief of the Defence Staff, a position he held for one year before being appointed commanding officer of OpL II (War Planning) section of the Defence Staff' Operations Command in 1961. In 1964, Mangård was appointed commanding officer of the Fourth Air Group ("Fjärde flygeskadern", E 4) in Luleå and in 1965 he was promoted to major general. He left the military in 1966.
After retiring from the military, Mangård was appointed Corporate Director of International Programs of North American Aviation (later North American Rockwell Corporation) in Los Angeles in 1961, in charge of international marketing of North American projects. In 1970, Mangård started working for SKF in Gothenburg. He then worked for SKF in Tokyo from 1971 to 1974 and in Madrid from 1974 to 1985 when he retired. Mangård then continued working for Empresa Nacional de Electronica y Sistemas SA (INISEL) in Madrid from 1985 to 1988.
Personal life.
Mangård was married 1939-1967 to Anna-Lisa Hedberg (born 1918), the daughter of "ryttmästare" Axel Hedberg and his wife Lisa (née Zickermann). He was the father of Kerstin (born 1942), Gunilla (born 1943) and Carl-Axel (born 1946). In 1968 he married Rosemary Menzies-Whigham (born 1929), the daughter of William Menzies-Whigham and Honoria (née Bewicke).

</doc>
<doc id="56784260" url="?curid=56784260" title="Ake Mangard">
Ake Mangard


</doc>
<doc id="56784261" url="?curid=56784261" title="Online video lecture">
Online video lecture


</doc>
<doc id="56784281" url="?curid=56784281" title="Fettweis">
Fettweis


</doc>
<doc id="56784295" url="?curid=56784295" title="Table soccer games">
Table soccer games


</doc>
<doc id="56784296" url="?curid=56784296" title="Tabletop soccer games">
Tabletop soccer games


</doc>
<doc id="56784299" url="?curid=56784299" title="Table-top soccer games">
Table-top soccer games


</doc>
<doc id="56784301" url="?curid=56784301" title="Table-top football games">
Table-top football games


</doc>
<doc id="56784302" url="?curid=56784302" title="Sarah Nyendwoha Ntiro">
Sarah Nyendwoha Ntiro

Sarah Nyendwoha Ntiro (21 March 1926 – 22 October 2018) was a Ugandan educator, activist and academic. She was the first woman university graduate in East and Central Africa from Oxford University with a Bachelor of Arts (Hon) in History in 1954.
Background and education.
She was born in Hoima to Erasto B. Nyendwoha Akiiki of the Bakwonga clan and Jane Nsungwa Nyendwoha Adyeri, from the Babiito clan, in 1925. Both her parents were teachers. Sarah started school in kindergarten class at Duhaga Girls' School in Hoima where she studied up to Primary 4. In 1938 she joined King's College Budo, where she studied for eight years, from Primary 5 to Secondary 6 (1938-1945). At the end of these years, she sat the Makerere College entrance examinations and was admitted to Makerere College to train as a teacher. She finished three years, doing history, geography, English and teacher training. She was denied the opportunity to study Mathematics because the Maths Tutor said he did not teach girls.
She did her teaching practice at King's College Budo and Kyebambe Girls’ School and later received a teaching certificate. In 1951, she joined Oxford University where graduated with a bachelor's degree in History in 1954. She was the first East and Central African woman to graduate from Oxford University at a time when no tertiary institutions granted degrees in East Africa.
Career.
Her first working stint was at Kyebambe Girls’ School in Fort Portal. In 1955, she joined Gayaza High School. She later had to leave Gayaza High School and join Duhaga Junior Secondary School (DJSS) in Hoima where she taught for two years before she resigned from active teaching service in 1958.
Sarah's involvement in civil society work started way back while she was at school in the 1940s. For example, when she was at King's College Budo, she was invited by one of her teachers to help teach English to Polish refugees. The teacher was married to the commandant of the refugee camp in Budongo Forest and the refugees had been brought to Uganda after World War II.
In the late 1950s, when the British announced they were to grant Uganda independence, she started civic education sessions at the Hoima district headquarters to discuss democracy and elections. She served in the Uganda Legislative Council from 1958-1961 where she tabled a private member's bill on the Registration of Marriages in 1961 and was involved in women's organisations like the Uganda Council of Women and YWCA (U). from 1965 to August 1967, she worked at the Ministry of Education as the secretary to the Teaching Service Committee. In September 1967, she joined Kings College Budo as a teacher.
In 1971, she resigned from teaching at King's College Budo and joined Makerere University as an assistant secretary in the University secretary's office and clerk to the Makerere University Council, handling matters of the University Council (1971-1976).
In 1976, she was transferred from the office of the University secretary to the joint administration of the Faculty of Arts and the Faculty of Social Sciences where she worked until October 1978. While at Makerere, she was also a Director of the East African Posts and Telecommunications Corporation (EAPTC).
Breaking barriers.
Her championing of women's rights in Uganda has come a long way. Soon after her arrival at Gayaza High School, she discovered that her salary was to be less than that of her male colleagues. In protest of this, she offered to work without any pay for one year to repay for sponsoring her studies. After one academic year, she told them, she would resign and find employment that would pay her, not as a woman, but as a worker, an ordinary employee. Her action yielded results. The Headmistress reported her action to the wife of the Governor, Sir Andrew Cohen who approached her at the school. She stood her ground and after this meeting, she received equal pay for equal work done. This was how she broke the barrier of unequal pay.
Family.
She married Sam Joseph Ntiro in December 1958. They had two sons, Joseph Kakindo Ntiro Amooti and Simbo Nyakwera Ntiro Atenyi.

</doc>
<doc id="56784303" url="?curid=56784303" title="Tabletop football games">
Tabletop football games


</doc>
<doc id="56784304" url="?curid=56784304" title="Table football games">
Table football games


</doc>
<doc id="56784305" url="?curid=56784305" title="Tabletop soccer">
Tabletop soccer


</doc>
<doc id="56784307" url="?curid=56784307" title="Royal Secretary">
Royal Secretary


</doc>
<doc id="56784308" url="?curid=56784308" title="Table-top soccer">
Table-top soccer


</doc>
<doc id="56784313" url="?curid=56784313" title="Table-top football">
Table-top football


</doc>
<doc id="56784316" url="?curid=56784316" title="A.S. Roma Hall of Fame">
A.S. Roma Hall of Fame

This is a list of A.S. Roma players who have been inducted into the club's Hall of Fame.
A.S. Roma's Hall of Fame has been launched in 2012 as part of the initiatives for the club's 85th anniversary.
Exceptionally for the starting 2012 Class, eleven players were chosen through an on-line voting process from an initial list of 55 retired players, composed by one goalkeeper (Franco Tancredi), one right-back (Cafu), two central defenders (Giacomo Losi and Aldair), one left-back (Francesco Rocca), two midfielders (Fulvio Bernardini and Agostino Di Bartolomei), one playmaker (Paulo Roberto Falcão), and three strikers (Bruno Conti, Roberto Pruzzo and Amedeo Amadei).
In the following years, the number of players elected has been intentionally reduced.
In 2017, following the retirement of Roma legend Francesco Totti, no players but him were included into the list.
List of Hall of Fame players.
"Nationality column refers to the country (countries) represented internationally by the player, if any."

</doc>
<doc id="56784328" url="?curid=56784328" title="Per Fylling">
Per Fylling


</doc>
<doc id="56784333" url="?curid=56784333" title="Giovanna d'Acquapendente">
Giovanna d'Acquapendente

Giovanna d'Acquapendente was a 15th-century noblewoman from the Kingdom of Naples. She was known as 'la Colombina' and was the lover of Francesco I Sforza for the seventeen years between the death of his first wife Polissena Ruffo (1420) and his second marriage to Bianca Maria Visconti, daughter of Filippo Maria Visconti (1441). Visconti took Francesco's illegitimate children under her wing after the marriage.
Giovanna lived at the castle in Fermo with her children until Francesco was made lord of the March of Ancona. From then on she lived with her children in the castles at Abbiategrasso, Lodi, Melegnano, Pavia and Binasco, taking part in hunts, banquets and processions.
Issue.
She had five confirmed illegitimate children with Francesco, of whom three reached adulthood:
Other sources also attribute two more of Francesco's illegitimate children to her:

</doc>
<doc id="56784335" url="?curid=56784335" title="Valerie Ebe">
Valerie Ebe

Valerie Maurice Ebe (née Bassey, born 26 March 1947), is a Nigerian lawyer and politician who was the first female Deputy Governor of Akwa Ibom State.
Early life and education.
Ebe was born on the 26 March 1947 to Edidem Paul Bassey, the provincial ruler of Etoi Clan. She attended the Holy Child Primary School, Calabar and was admitted into Holy Child Secondary School, Calabar in 1957 for her secondary school education. She later trained to be a teacher at the Holy Child Teacher Training College, Ifuho. She studied History and Archaeology at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka and later studied law at the University of Uyo. She was admitted as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Nigeria in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="56784346" url="?curid=56784346" title="SR Innovation Exchange">
SR Innovation Exchange


</doc>
<doc id="56784355" url="?curid=56784355" title="Heritiera javanica">
Heritiera javanica

Heritiera javanica is a species of tree in the family Malvaceae, subfamily Sterculioideae.
Like other species in this subfamily, flowers are unisexual; trees may grows up to 40 m high, and their Vietnamese name (under "H. cochinchinensis") is "huỷnh". No subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life.

</doc>
<doc id="56784358" url="?curid=56784358" title="NCUSR">
NCUSR


</doc>
<doc id="56784364" url="?curid=56784364" title="TVP Bydgoszcz">
TVP Bydgoszcz


</doc>
<doc id="56784376" url="?curid=56784376" title="Locked-room mysteries">
Locked-room mysteries


</doc>
<doc id="56784378" url="?curid=56784378" title="Rumman Ahmed (model)">
Rumman Ahmed (model)


</doc>
<doc id="56784387" url="?curid=56784387" title="Basilikos grammateus">
Basilikos grammateus


</doc>
<doc id="56784399" url="?curid=56784399" title="Yuko Oita">
Yuko Oita

 is a former Japanese football player. She played for Japan national team.
Club career.
Oita was born on August 3, 1969. She played for Kobe FC, Nikko Securities Dream Ladies, Shiroki FC Serena and Takarazuka Bunnys.
National team career.
On January 21, 1986, when Oita was 16 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against India. She played 3 games for Japan until 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="56784402" url="?curid=56784402" title="Scott Mahon">
Scott Mahon

Scott Mahon (born 26 February 1970) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. He played most of his career at the Parramatta Eels, but he also played for Leigh Centurions, Salford City Reds, and the North Queensland Cowboys. He mostly played on the , but also played the occasional game at , or .
Playing career.
While attending Pendle Hill High School in Sydney, Mahon played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 1987. In round 22 of the 1988 season, Parramatta Eels coach John Monie called up Mahon, while still in high school, to make his first grade debut in place of the equally brilliant but injury prone Tony Cosatto, Mahon scored a try on debut in his side's 16-12 win over the Western Suburbs Magpies at Parramatta Stadium. Mahon also played in the Eels' 1988 Presidents Cup grand final victory over the Eastern Suburbs Roosters.
By 1990, Mahon was more of a regular in the first grade team. He finished the 1990 season as the Eels' top point scorer after scoring 5 tries and kicking 35 goals for a total of 90 points. In the 1992/93 off-season, Mahon traveled to England to play for English side Leigh Centurions. After his brief stint in England, Mahon returned to the Eels for the start of the 1993 season, he returned to the Eels as a much more mature player. In what was a season that produced mixed fortunes for the Eels, Mahon starred, playing in all 22 games and scoring 5 tries.
Mahon once again traveled to England in the 1994/95 off-season, this time to play for another English side the Salford City Reds. Mahon did not take part in the Eels 1995 season campaign. Mahon returned to top form with the Eels in the 1996 season. He finished the 1996 season as the team's equal top try scorer along with Chris Lawler. That season, he played alongside his brother Jamie in a Round 21 loss to the Sydney Tigers. Mahon's stint with the Eels ended at the conclusion of the 1996 season. After leaving Parramatta, Mahon was made a life member of the club.
In 1997, Mahon joined the North Queensland Cowboys. He played only 18 games in his two seasons with the Cowboys and announced his retirement at the conclusion of the 1998 season. He finished his career having played 117 games, scoring 30 tries, and kicking 33 goals.
Coaching career.
In 2013, Mahon was an assistant coach for the Gold Coast Titans under-20 team and head coach of Gold Coast White in the Mal Meninga Cup. In 2014, he was head coach of the Tweed Heads Seagulls under-20 team.

</doc>
<doc id="56784404" url="?curid=56784404" title="Active fluid">
Active fluid

An active fluid is a densely packed soft material whose constituent elements can self-propel. Examples include dense suspensions of bacteria, microtubule networks or artificial swimmers. These materials come under the broad category of active matter and differ significantly in properties when compared to passive fluids, which can be described using Navier-Stokes equation. Even though systems describable as active fluids have been observed and investigated in different contexts for a long time, scientific interest in properties directly related to the activity has emerged only in the past two decades. These materials have been shown to exhibit a variety of different phases ranging from well ordered patterns to chaotic states (see below). Recent experimental investigations have suggested that the various dynamical phases exhibited by active fluids may have important technological applications.
Terminology.
The terms “active fluids”, “active nematics” and “active liquid crystals” have been used almost synonymously to denote hydrodynamic descriptions of dense active matter. While in many respects they describe the same phenomenon, there are subtle differences between them. “Active nematics” and “active liquid crystals” refers to systems where the constituent elements have nematic order whereas “active fluids” is the more generic term combining systems with both nematic and polar interactions.
Examples and observations.
There are wide range of cellular and intracellular elements which form active fluids. This include systems of microtubule, bacteria, sperm cells as well as inanimate microswimmers. It is known that these systems form a variety of structures such as regular and irregular lattices as well as seemingly random states in two dimensions.
Pattern formation.
Active fluids have been shown to organize into regular and irregular lattices in a variety of settings. These include irregular hexagonal lattices by microtubules and regular vortex lattice by sperm cells. From topological considerations, it can be seen that the constituent element in quasi stationary states of active fluids should necessarily be vortices. But very less is known, for instance, about the length scale selection in such systems.
Active turbulence.
Chaotic states exhibited by active fluids are termed as active turbulence. Such states are qualitatively similar to hydrodynamic turbulence, by virtue of which they are termed active turbulence. But recent research has indicated that the statistical properties associated with such flows are quite different from that of hydrodynamic turbulence.
Mechanism and modelling approaches.
The mechanism behind the formation of various structures in active fluids is an area of active research. It is well understood that the structure formation in active fluids is intimately related to defects or disclinations in the order parameter field (the orientational order of the constituent agents). An important part of research on active fluids involve modelling of dynamics of these defects to study its role in pattern formation and turbulent dynamics in active fluids. Modified versions of Vicsek model are among earliest and continually used approach to model active fluids. Such models have been shown to capture the various dynamical states exhibited by active fluids. More refined approaches include derivation of continuum limit hydrodynamic equations for active fluids and adaptation of liquid crystal theory by including the activity terms.
Potential applications.
A few technological applications for active fluids have been proposed such as powering of molecular motors through active turbulence and patterned state. Furthermore, given the innumerable applications liquid crystals find in various technologies, there have been proposals to augment them by using active liquid crystals.

</doc>
<doc id="56784414" url="?curid=56784414" title="Goat in Boots">
Goat in Boots


</doc>
<doc id="56784416" url="?curid=56784416" title="Balarama Deva">
Balarama Deva

Balarama Deva or Balaram Deo (Odia: ବଳରାମ ଦେବ) was the first Chauhan ruler of Sambalpur State and the tenth in line ruler of the Chauhan dynasty in the Western Odisha region during the sixteenth century. He was a powerful ruler and an excellent military strategist who ruled the hilly and forest tracts of western Odisha that was mostly inhabited by different tribal or aboriginal communities. After his ascension to the throne in the year 1570 CE, he secured the region from the neighboring Ratanpur's Haihayas and build a strong state surpassing the glory of his ancestral Chauhan state of Patna (Bolangir). Balarama Deva had also provided military assistance to the Gajapati king Ramachandra Deva of Khurda Kingdom and help to defend Khurda kingdom from the invading Muslim armies who either belonged to the Mughal Dynasty or the Golconda Sultanate. After consolidation of his authority over the regions of western Odisha and now parts of the state of Chattishgarh, Balarama Deva himself installed the idol of Goddess Samleswari as the head family deity which began the era of cultural rejuvenation in the region.
Initial Days in the Service of the Patna State.
After the death of the last hegemonic Gajapati Mukunda Deva in the Gohiratikri battlefield in 1568 AD, the Afghans and Mughals subsequently struggled for authority and an era of chaos had ensued. During the last quarter of the sixteenth century, Odisha was undergoing several political disturbances leading to the subsequent collapse of the central authority. The authority of the Gajapati kings of Odisha was starting to lose its imperial status and the glorious title of 'Gajapati' had begun to get limited to the rulers of a very small region of today's Khurda, Puri, Nayagarh and Cuttack districts of coastal Odisha. Though Gajapati Kings lost their sovereignty, they remain the tutelary head and Odisha princely states and ancient Zamindaris establishes and flourished under Gajapati era. During the rule of Gajapati Ramachandra Deva of Khurda, the forces of the Afghans of Bengal invaded again and again while the Mughals closely contested them for control of the region through repeated clashes. As described in the Kosalananda Kavya, Balarama Deva was sent with a force of 32,000 infantry, 700 cavalry and 30 war elephants to assist the Gajapati king by his father Hiradhara Deva. Balarama Deva was instrumental in asserting the Independence of the Chauhan rule in the Patna state during this period. He also defeated the king of neighboring Bastar region who tried to take over the regions of western Odisha.
Foundation and Integration of the new Sambalpur State.
Folklore on Partition of the Chauhan Territory.
There are two different existing folklore which describes how Balarama Deva got to rule the northern part their ancestral kingdom around today's Sambalpur while his brother Narasimha Deva continued the rule from Patna. The first folklore speaks of Balarama Deva crossing the river Mayavati in the dark night to bring a nurse so that she could help his pregnant sister in law and the wife of Narasimha Deva who had gone to labor. His elder brother being very thankful gave him the northern part of his territory to rule. The second folklore narrates that there was an existing strife between the two brothers for accession to the throne when their mother intervened. She led both of them to a village called Kalapathar on the banks of river Ong and asked Narasimha to stand on the right bank of the river while Balarama was asked to stand on the left bank. She declared that the river would mark their boundary any attempt against it will be considered as a crime against her. In another case, the poem Jaya Chandrika written by Prahallad Dubey, the court poet of Sarangarh kingdom in the 18th Century, states that, Balarama Deva was fond of hunting and to fulfill his wishes he asked his mother for the region of Sambalpur which was situated on the bank of river Mahanadi and known for the diamond mines.
Partition Due to Kalachuri Haihaya Threat.
The neighboring Haihaya ruler Kalyan Sahai had declared himself as the overlord of forty eight princely states and forts which included large parts of western Odisha along with Patna. Due to the threat of conquest from the enemy and effective decentralized administration of the Chauhan kingdom, Balarama Deva was asked to practice his authority and guardianship separately in the northern areas by his ruling brother Narasimha Deva. The Haihaya threat never materialized once Balarama Deva effectively practiced his rule on the region. Eventually after the death of Narasimha Deva, the Patna state became unimportant due to the growing effectiveness of the newly founded Sambalpur state by Balarama Deva. The poem Jaya Chandrika describes the kingdom as Huma Desha where the river Jira flowed and the center of power was located at Bargarh. Eventually to strengthen his defensive position, Balarama shifted his capital first to Chaunrpur and then to Sambalpur on the banks of river Mahanadi.
Military Conquests in the Region and Control Over Patna.
Balarama deva dealt first with the Ratanpur Haihaya threat by defeating the reigning king Lakshman Sahai after the death of Kalyan Sahai and conquered the neighboring regions of Raigarh, Sakti, Sarangarh and parts of Bargarh. The states of Surguja and Gangpur became feudatory states of Sambalpur. The Ganga kingdom of Bamanda also became a vassal state after it was conquered and Rama Chandra Deva was appointed as feudal king under the authority of Sambalpur. During his conquests, the Gangpur ruler gave away his daughter Kamala Kumari in marriage to Balarama Deva and also he subsequently married another self ruling princess of Surguja when the kingdom was defeated by him. During Balarama Deva the new state was secured with eighteen forts also popularly known as Atharagarh and one of the main fort itself was the Bargarh fort which was initially built or restored by Balarama Deva as center of his power. There were also thirteen divisions in his new state.
After the death of his brother Narasimha Deva and again the death of the new successor Hamira Deva in a short span of three years, Balarama Deva sent his son Hridayanarayana Deva to rule the parent state of Patna. However, the widowed queen and the ministers complained against his rule. When the matters were investigated it was found that the corrupt ministers had created trouble in the practicing of effective authority by Hridayanarayana. Enraged by this event, Balarama expelled the ministers and the queen mother who later took shelter in the southern areas Nandpur.
Cultural Contribution and Historical Impact.
Balarama Deva had undertaken certain significant constructional and cultural restoration initiatives in his new kingdom. The foremost and the highly important step during his rule was to establish goddess Samleswari as the head deity of his state. Samleswari was adored by the local tribal population before in the region and their allegiance was won for himself due to this. It is also believed that the harvest festival of Nuakhai dedicated to goddess Samleswari, widely celebrated across western Odisha and neighboring regions was initiated by him. After defeating Surguja, he brought back an idol of Ananta Saya as trophy for his victory and build a temple at Sambalpur for the deity. At the height of his power the newly founded kingdom at Sambalpur extended from the river Mahanadi in the north to the river Ong in the south and from the Surangi in Phuljhar in the west to Huma on the Mahanadi in the east. He employed the Johoras for the collecting diamonds from the river bed of Mahanadi and granted them the villages of Hirakud and Junani. He granted lands to Brahmins and rebuilt or renovated the Huma temple. A temple for goddess Patneswari was built at Sambalpur during his rule.
Despite the collapse of central authority and disintegration of Odisha in the sixteenth century caused by successive invasions and betrayal within the bureaucracy, Balarama Deva was able to secure and expand the parts of his kingdom. He ensured stability, security, law and order over his new kingdom by bringing together all his subjects. Balarama Deva is described in the poem Jaya Chandrika as the Garh Sambhari Chauhan King.

</doc>
<doc id="56784418" url="?curid=56784418" title="John Barrett (Massachusetts politician)">
John Barrett (Massachusetts politician)

John Barrett III (born 1947) is an American politician serving as a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He was elected to the post on November 7, 2017, filling the vacant seat previously held by Gailanne Cariddi, who had died of cancer in June 2017. He represents the furthest northwest district in the state, the 1st Berkshire district. Barrett serves on three committees in the chamber: the Joint Committee on Marijuana Policy, the Joint Committee on Health Care Financing, and the Joint Committee on Election Laws. Barrett was reelected to the House of Representatives in 2018.
Barrett previously served as the mayor of North Adams for twenty-six years, from 1984 to 2009, making him at the time the longest-serving mayor in the state. As mayor, he was noted for his efforts to revive the city's economy after the closure of a leading employer, Sprague Electric, and as a supporter of the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, which opened in the former Sprague facility in 1999. In his 2009 bid for a fourteenth term, he was defeated by council member Dick Alcombright. He won a term on the city council in 2011, then lost to Alcombright in another run for mayor in 2015.
He attended North Adams State College, now known as Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (MCLA), where he received bachelor's and master's degrees as well as an honorary doctor of public service degree and the distinguished alumni award, and in 2016 he was named to MCLA's board of trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="56784421" url="?curid=56784421" title="Carthaginean Kingdom">
Carthaginean Kingdom


</doc>
<doc id="56784424" url="?curid=56784424" title="Akiko Hayakawa">
Akiko Hayakawa

 is a former Japanese football player. She played for the Japan national team.
Club career.
Hayakawa played for Yomiuri Beleza.
She was selected Best Eleven in 1990 season.
National team career.
On August 4, 1987, Hayakawa debuted for the Japan national team against Chinese Taipei. She played two games for Japan until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="56784428" url="?curid=56784428" title="Fraser Brown">
Fraser Brown

Fraser Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56784437" url="?curid=56784437" title="Sexual harassment in the military">
Sexual harassment in the military

Sexual harassment in the military is unwanted sexual behaviour, which is defined as threatening, offensive, or otherwise upsetting to others in a military setting. The behaviour is more common in the military than in civilian life. Women are substantially more likely than men to experience sexual harassment in the armed forces. Other groups at higher risk include child cadets/recruits and military detainees.
Definitions.
Sexual harassment is unwanted sexual behaviour which is threatening or otherwise upsetting to others. Some example definitions in use by state armed forces are:
Behaviour.
Sexual harassment in the military includes a broad spectrum of behaviour. Undirected behaviours that affect the working environment, such as sexist jokes and the prominent display of pornographic material, may constitute sexual harassment, as do directed behaviours targeted at one or more individuals, such as unwanted sexual advances and sexual assault. Research in Canada has found that a culture of undirected sexual harassment increases the risk of directed sexual harassment and assault.
Case examples.
In the British army, a woman told the following story to researchers in 2006:‘A friend was out on an exercise when a group of men ducked her head in a bucket of water and each time she came up for breath she had to repeat “I am useless and I am a female”. She told the story and said it was a joke but I could see she was upset.’In the Canadian armed forces, demeaning attitudes to women are pervasive, according to the "Deschamps Review" of 2015:'Interviewees reported regularly being told of orders to “stop being pussies” and to “leave your purses at home” [...] The use of the word “cunt”, for example, is commonplace, and rape jokes are tolerated. [...] A commonly held attitude is that, rather than be a soldier, a sailor or an aviator, a woman will be labeled an “ice princess”, a “bitch”, or a “slut”. Another saying is that women enter the CAF “to find a man, to leave a man, or to become a man”.'A woman in the French army, pseudonymised by the "Independent" newspaper as Captain Carole, was raped by her commanding officer:'It was months before I could pronounce the word "rape"... I blamed myself. I said: "We are trained in hand to hand combat. Why didn’t I stop him?" But when that happens you are terrorised.'In the US Army, a woman recalls attending a class for sexual abuse and sexual harassment training, titled 'personal development training'. The senior officer teaching the class asked participants whether they would hit on 'a naked, drunk girl on the bench outside your barracks', adding, 'you're not supposed to but I probably would.'
US Senator Martha McSally, an Arizona Republican, said during a Senate meeting on sexual assault in the military that she was raped by a superior officer in the US Air Force. McSally was the first female pilot in the US Air Force to fly in combat operations. She said that she never reported the rape because she did not trust the military justice system; she also said that she blamed herself for the incident, and that she had thought she was strong but felt powerless.
Prevalence and risk factors.
Studies of sexual harassment have found that it is markedly more common in military than civilian settings. Several reasons for this have been suggested. A Canadian study found that key risk factors associated with military settings are the typically young age of personnel, the isolated locations of bases, the minority status of women, and the disproportionate number of men in senior positions. Other Canadian research has found that an emphasis in military organisations on conformity, obedience, and hierarchical power relations, combine to increase the risk, particularly to personnel of low rank, who are less able than others to resist inappropriate expectations made of them. The traditionally masculine values and behaviours that are rewarded and reinforced in military settings are also thought to play a role.
Canadian research has also found that the risk of sexual misconduct increases during deployment on military operations.
Principal targets.
Female personnel.
While some male personnel are sexually harassed, women are substantially more likely to be affected. Women who are younger and joined the military at a younger age face a greater risk, according to American, British, Canadian, and French research.
Child cadets.
Cadet forces are military youth organisations for younger teenagers based in communities and schools, and are common around the world. There is some evidence from the UK, where hundreds of complaints of the sexual abuse of cadets have been recorded since 2012, and from Canada, where one in ten complaints of sexual assault in the military are from cadets, that these institutions are susceptible to a culture of sexual harassment.
Detainees.
Individuals detained by the military are particularly vulnerable to sexual harassment. During the Iraq War, for example, personnel of the US army and US Central Intelligence Agency committed a number of human rights violations against detainees in the Abu Ghraib prison, including rape, sodomy, and other forms of sexual abuse. Another example is the detention of two Iraqi men on a British warship at the start of the Iraq War, when they were made to strip naked and were then sexually humiliated.
Barriers to redress.
Although the risk of sexual misconduct in the armed forces is widely acknowledged, personnel are frequently reluctant to report incidents. For example:
Since the number of official complaints represents only a fraction of sexual harassment in the military, armed forces that have committed to reduce prevalence produce periodic estimates of its extent using anonymised surveys.
Mental health effects.
Women affected by sexual harassment are more likely than other women to suffer stress-related mental illness afterwards. Research in the US found that when sexual abuse of female military personnel is psychiatrically traumatic, the odds of suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after deployment on operations increase by a factor of nine.
Research in the US has found that personnel affected by sexual harassment are somewhat less likely to develop depression or PTSD if a formal report leads to effective action to address the issue.
Prevention.
The military leadership in some countries has begun to acknowledge a culture of sexual misconduct in the armed forces. For example:
Sexual harassment in the military, by country.
Australia.
Widespread reports of sexual harassment in the Australian armed forces led to the establishment of the Defence Abuse Response Taskforce to investigate complaints from women between 1991 and 2011. It received 2,439 complaints, of which it deemed 1,751 to be plausible.
A Royal Commission into institutional child sexual abuse was established in 2012, which investigated widespread allegations of historical abuse in the navy. The Commission took evidence from 8,000 individuals and reported in 2017 that many recruits of both sexes and from the age of 15 had been repeatedly sexually abused by older recruits between 1967 and 1971, including by anal gang rape, and in some cases young recruits had been forced to rape each other. The practice was ‘tolerated’ by senior staff, according to the Commission.
Canada.
According to official statistics gathered by "Maclean's" magazine, the Canadian military police received an average of 178 complaints of sexual assault per year between 2000 and 2014, representing an estimated 10% of all cases.
In 2014, the ombudsman of the Canadian armed forces described sexual harassment in the institution as 'a huge problem'.
In 2015, after widespread allegations of sexual misconduct in the military, a major official report, the "External Review into Sexual Misconduct and Sexual Harassment in the Canadian Armed Forces" (the "Deschamps Review"), was published. It found that sexual harassment was commonplace and embedded in military culture, and that pervasive degrading attitudes to women and LGBTQ personnel were jeopardising their safety. The "Deschamps Review" also criticised the armed forces for a culture of dismissiveness. One male interview told the Review, for example: "Girls that come to the Army know what to expect." It stated that senior NCOs are frequently seen as tolerating sexual harassment and discouraging the individuals affected from making a complaint.
The following year, in 2016, a major study of 43,000 Canadian armed forces personnel reported that 27% of female personnel reported at least one incident of sexual assault since they joined the military, and 5% of female regular armed forces personnel reported the same in the previous 12 months (equivalent to approximately 960 women per year).
A notable case is that of Russell Williams, a colonel in the Royal Canadian Air Force. He progressed from breaking into homes, sexual assault with no penetration, to rape and murder. He kept detailed reports of his crimes and left notes and messages for his victims. He was charged with breaking and entering, forcible confinement, and the sexual assault of two women in connection with two separate home invasions near Tweed, Ontario in September 2009. Williams was also charged in the death of Corporal Marie-France Comeau, a 37-year-old military traffic technician based at CFB Trenton, who had been found dead inside her home in late November 2009. He was sentenced on 22 October 2010 to two concurrent terms of life imprisonment, with no consideration of parole for 25 years. He is housed in a maximum-security prison in Port-Cartier, Quebec.
France.
The extent of sexual harassment in the French armed forces first came to light in 2014 when 35 cases of sexual harassment and assault were detailed in "La Guerre Invisible", a book by Leila Minano and Julia Pascual. According to the "Independent" newspaper, the armed forces had not been required to report incidents or to keep statistics, and an official report acknowledged that awareness of the problem had been institutionally suppressed.
United Kingdom.
Following concerns expressed in 2004 by the UK Equal Opportunities Commission (now the Equality and Human Rights Commission) about persistent sexual harassment in the British armed forces, a number of anonymised, official surveys have been undertaken. The first, in 2006, found that a male-dominated culture sexualised women and diminished their military competence. Among the comments made to researchers by male personnel about their female counterparts were: ‘Ok there are a few exceptions but on the whole they [women] shouldn’t be here.’; 'They're all lesbians or sluts.'; and 'They are emotionally unstable.' The report found that 15% of women had had a 'particularly upsetting' experience of sexual harassment in the previous 12 months; the proportion rose to 20% in the youngest age group. A similar survey in 2009 found the 8% of women in the army had had a ‘particularly upsetting’ experience in the previous 12 months, and the most recent survey, in 2015, found that 13% of women reported the same.
In 2017, a BBC "Panorama" documentary found multiple cases of the sexual abuse of cadets from age 11 during the 1980s, and reported that the victims and their parents were discouraged from making a formal complaint or contacting the police. The Ministry of Defence paid £2 million in 2012 and 2013 to settle allegations of the child sexual abuse of military cadets, and between 2012 and 2017 recorded a further 363 allegations, of which 282 were referred to the police.
United States.
The Navy's 1991 Tailhook scandal exposed the egregious acts that occurred during the 35th annual convention in Las Vegas, NV, where 100 Navy and Marine Corp. aviation officers sexually assaulted 83 women and 7 men. Active Navy Lieutenant, aviator, victim, and whistleblower, Paula Coughlin, appeared before congress in 1991 to testify about the sexual abuse and sexual harassment she endured at the hands of her comrades at Tailhook. Her testimony led to improved regulations intended to combat sexual harassment and assault in the military.
Accurate statistics of sexual harassment in the armed forces are elusive as the Pentagon tracks only reports of sexual assault, not sexual harassment. A 2017 Department of Defense report for the 2016 fiscal year indicates that reported incidents of sexual assault increased 10 percent over the previous year, and most often, active duty members were victimized by higher ranking service members. It further states that the Department of Defense does not specifically confirm that sexual harassment causes sexual assault in the armed forces, but does confirm that the two are inexplicably intertwined. The report found that an active duty military woman who reported sexual harassment to a superior was 16 percent more likely to be sexually assaulted than one who did not report, while a man who reported increased his chance of sexual assault after reporting by 50 percent.
In 2017, the Department of Defense reported that an estimated 14,900 military personnel were sexually assaulted in 2016, of whom 6,172 made an official complaint. According to an article published in "Medscape", up to 80% of women in the armed forces have been sexually harassed, and 25% have experienced a sexual assault.
Andrew Loya was a former Coast Guard officer who shot dead one of his female colleagues; he maintains that she made sexial advances which resulted in him getting transferred to another department. 

</doc>
<doc id="56784438" url="?curid=56784438" title="Line Airport Express (Hangzhou Metro)">
Line Airport Express (Hangzhou Metro)


</doc>
<doc id="56784439" url="?curid=56784439" title="NarrowBand IOT">
NarrowBand IOT


</doc>
<doc id="56784444" url="?curid=56784444" title="Hamish Watson">
Hamish Watson

Hamish Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56784448" url="?curid=56784448" title="Laksmibai National College of Physical Education">
Laksmibai National College of Physical Education


</doc>
<doc id="56784455" url="?curid=56784455" title="Seetharama Kalyanam (1961 film)">
Seetharama Kalyanam (1961 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56784458" url="?curid=56784458" title="2018 Irving Tennis Classic">
2018 Irving Tennis Classic

The 2018 Irving Tennis Classic was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Irving, United States between 13 and 18 March 2018.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:

</doc>
<doc id="56784459" url="?curid=56784459" title="Hedebo embroidery">
Hedebo embroidery

Hedebo embroidery covers several forms of white embroidery which originated in the Hedebo (heathland) region of Zealand, Denmark, in the 1760s. The varied techniques which evolved over the next hundred years in the farming community were subsequently developed by the middle classes until around 1820. They were applied to articles of clothing such as collars and cuffs but were also used to decorate bed linen.
Introduction.
Related to reticella, hedebo is a form of needle lace which was originally produced by farming women in the area of Zealand known as Hedebo or Hedeboegnen, the flat heathland bordered by Copenhagen, Roskilde and Køge. Up to the 1870s, the embroidered articles decorated the peasants' living rooms or featured on their festive clothing. Towels and pillows as well as women's shifts and men's shirts were typically decorated in the hedebo style. Many of the items in a bride's trousseau or bridal chest were painstakingly prepared for a future wedding.
In the late 19th century, Copenhagen families began to show interest in hedebo, increasingly acquiring items for their own homes. Many were crafted by the wet nurses whom they employed. Designs were often adapted to match the clothing styles of the middle classes. By the 20th century, it became fashionable for educated Copenhagen women also to sew hebedo embroidery themselves.
When hedebo was replaced in the late 19th century by more modern styles, peasants sold their embroidery in Copenhagen for substantial sums. Many items were nevertheless passed down as families appreciated the value of the embroidery. Recognized by the Danish Folk Museum as a national treasure in the 1870s, many Zealand museums now have substantial collections of hedebo items.
Stitching styles.
Hedebo styles have developed over the years, first by the farming women and later by embroidery experts living in the more wealthy areas of Copenhagen. The earlier styles (1700–1870), known as "Hedebosyning" (Hedebo sewing), consisted of white linen work for creating articles for private use. They can be classified under seven distinct styles.
Counted thread work.
Known in Danish as "tællesyning", with its geometric patterns, it is a style common throughout Denmark and the rest of Europe. Nevertheless, the number of finely stitched hedebo articles is particularly high. Designs can be based on triangles, trees, animals and human figures. The style is used for shirts, bed linen and handkerchiefs.
Drawn thread work.
Drawn thread work or "dragværk", another whitework technique, dates from the second half of the 18th century. Employing the warp and weft approach, white thread is drawn across the width of the white linen before figures such as animals are sewn in. The embroidery follows the length and intersections of the fabric. The remaining threads can be decorated in different designs with buttonhole stitches.
Square cutwork.
Square cutwork or "rudesyning" was used until the end of the 19th century for monograms and for decorating towels. From the ground material, squares are cut out, leaving some threads between the squares. A darning stitch can then be used to fill them in, creating patterns of animals, human figures, plants and trees.
"Hvidsøm".
The "hvidsøm" whitework technique combines drawn thread and cutwork. A type of embroidered lace, it consists of two rows of chain stitches around the main motif. It was used for both clothing and household items such as pillow cases and towels. It was also used by middle class women for tea cosies and table cloths until the mid-20th century. Motifs include flowers, hearts, leaves and animals.
"Baldyring".
Combining the drawn thread and counted thread techniques, "baldyring" is based on reticella needlework. It was used for pillow cases, men's shirts, women's shifts as well as for towels and sheets. Its use extended to the whole of Denmark by the end of the 19th century. It also became fashionable among urban women until about 1920.
Hedebo needle lace.
"Udklipshedebo" or Hedebo needle lace, is often considered a freestyle combination of cut work and embroidered lace techniques. It also incorporated button stitch and scallop stitch. Patterns are filled with curves, points and wheels or rings, often surrounded by leaves. It was used for costumes, small cloths and collars. It could be found in homes throughout Denmark for serviettes, tea cosies and decorated collars for women.

</doc>
<doc id="56784467" url="?curid=56784467" title="Taeko Kawasumi">
Taeko Kawasumi

 is a former Japanese football player. She played for Japan national team.
Club career.
Kawasumi was born on October 30, 1972. She played for Tokyo Shidax LSC, Yomiuri-Seiyu Beleza and FC PAF.
National team career.
On June 3, 1988, when Kawasumi was 15 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against Czechoslovakia. She played 2 games for Japan in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="56784475" url="?curid=56784475" title="World History Encyclopedia">
World History Encyclopedia

World History Encyclopedia (formerly Ancient History Encyclopedia) is a non-profit educational company created in 2009 by Jan van der Crabben. The organization publishes and maintains articles, images, videos, podcasts and interactive educational tools related to history. All users can contribute content to the site, although submissions are reviewed by an editorial team before publication. In 2021, the organization was renamed World History Encyclopedia to reflect its broadened scope, covering world history from all time periods, as opposed to just ancient history.
Organization history.
Van der Crabben founded Ancient History Encyclopedia in 2009 with the stated goal of improving history education worldwide by creating a freely accessible and reliable history source. The non-profit organization is based in Godalming, United Kingdom and Montreal, Canada, although it has no office and its team is globally distributed.
The site had an emphasis on ancient history when it was founded, but it later shifted to cover the Medieval and early Modern periods as well. In 2021, the organization renamed itself World History Encyclopedia to reflect this change.
Reception.
The website has received praise by educational organizations and has been recommended by the School Library Journal, the Internet Scout Research Group at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, MERLOT and the European Commission's Open Education Europa initiative. In 2016, it won the .eu Web Award for education from the organization EURid.

</doc>
<doc id="56784477" url="?curid=56784477" title="Peggy Peterson">
Peggy Peterson


</doc>
<doc id="56784483" url="?curid=56784483" title="2018 Irving Tennis Classic – Singles">
2018 Irving Tennis Classic – Singles

Aljaž Bedene was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Mikhail Kukushkin won the title after defeating Matteo Berrettini 6–2, 3–6, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784490" url="?curid=56784490" title="2018 Irving Tennis Classic – Doubles">
2018 Irving Tennis Classic – Doubles

Marcus Daniell and Marcelo Demoliner were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Philipp Petzschner and Alexander Peya won the title after defeating Radu Albot and Matthew Ebden 6–2, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784504" url="?curid=56784504" title="Franklin Historic District (Franklin, Michigan)">
Franklin Historic District (Franklin, Michigan)

The Franklin Historic District is a primarily residential and commercial historic district located along Franklin Road and adjoining streets in the village of Franklin, Michigan in Oakland County. The district extends to Fourteen Mile Road on the north, Scenic Drive on the south, the Rouge River on the east, and several hundred feet from Franklin Road on the west. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969, and added to in 2005. It was Michigan's first district to be listed on the National Register.
History.
The village of Franklin was founded by European Americans in 1824, and by 1828 had nine families, a US postmaster, and a school. By 1830 a business center was beginning to develop in the heart of what is now this historic district. Several of the early businesses, such as the former Broughton Wagon Shop and the Van Every Mill, are still extant in essentially their original condition.
Franklin grew slowly for the rest of the nineteenth century. After World War I, however, many Detroit residents began relocating in the suburbs, as the population of the city continued to expand rapidly and new housing was needed. In 1926, the first formal platting of the village took place. Further population shifts accompanied highway construction and suburbanization after World War II, resulting in a development boom in this area. To prevent overdevelopment in Franklin, in the early 1970s The Franklin Historical Society began efforts to enact zoning laws to restrict it.
Description.
The original portion of the historic district along Franklin Road approximately follows the boundaries of Franklin in the early 1870s. This section of the district includes 26 historically significant properties, many dating to the mid-1830s. The expanded district includes nearly 150 buildings total, of which about 100 are considered contributing as historically significant. The district is located along or adjacent to Franklin Road.
Some of the most significant structures include:

</doc>
<doc id="56784505" url="?curid=56784505" title="Harry Broome">
Harry Broome

Henry Alfred Broome (1826 – 2 November 1865) was a boxer from the bare-knuckle fighting era who became heavyweight champion of England in September, 1851 when he defeated fellow Englishman William Perry in Mildenhall, England. He lost the title in May, 1856 to Tom Paddock in Suffolk.
Early life.
Born in Birmingham in 1826, Harry Broome was the younger brother of undefeated English boxer Johnny Broome who influenced him to become a boxer as well.
Boxing career.
Though only 17, Broome had two London bouts in 1842, an exhibition and a win against Byng Stocks and Hal Mitchell, which may have been considered amateur bouts, as they were fought with gloves. 
With the guidance of his brother Johnny, Harry Broome's professional fighting career began on 11 October 1843 when he defeated Fred Mason at Northfleet, Kent, for a total purse of £100, £50 per side. One source quoted his weight, likely with accuracy, as only 136 pounds or 9 stone, 10, a light welterweight, and his age as barely eighteen. According to one report, the two fought "a well contested battle of eighty-one minutes, during which thirty-nine rounds were fought". Broome did his best work, near the end of the match, most frequently leading with his left. The fighting was fierce from the opening round, and both men left the ring exhausted.
In 1844 he was matched with Joe Rowe for £50 a side. The bout took place on 10 December 1844 at Greenhithe, Kent but after a desperate battle lasting 90 minutes and 81 rounds, a riot by the crowd broke the ring and ended the bout. Both men landed blows, but Rowe may have taken a slight lead at the end. Broome subsequently beat Rowe in a rearranged fight on 13 May 1845. Both bouts were fought in the welterweight range, and according to one source were for the English welterweight title.
Broome's next fight was against Ben Terry of Birmingham in Shrivenham, England. Still fighting as a welterweight, Broome was said to have weighed around 10 stone, 4, or 144 pounds. The bout took place on 3 February 1846 and ended being declared a draw after an hour of fighting when a furious dispute broke out over a claimed "foul" which led to the referee fleeing the scene of the fight, unable to render a decision. Broome received only £5 for the bout.
Heavyweight champion of England, 1851.
Broome's career reached a peak in 1851 when, fighting above his weight, he defeated William Perry, the "Tipton Slasher". The match took place at Mildenhall, England on 29 September 1851 for the impressive purse of £400. In the third round, Perry fell heavily to the ground. In the seventh, Perry hit the ground hard as he was thrown by Broome, and the heavy man was thrown at least once in subsequent rounds, a wrestling tactic allowed under London Prize Ring Rules. Perry was fought down after a scrambling rally in the fourteenth. After some exchanges in the fifteenth round, Broome missed and slipped onto his knees. Perry seized him by his right arm and dragged him as if to get him up, striking him "intemperately", on the side of the head while he was down. Broome was subsequently awarded victory for the foul of striking Broome while he was on his knees. The outcome of this fight enabled Broome to claim the title of heavyweight champion of England, and take the championship belt.
Defences of English championship, 1853.
Broome defended the heavyweight championship of England only once successfully against Henry Orme on a warm 18 April 1853, winning in a thirty-one round fight in Brandon, Suffolk, that lasted 2 hours, and eighteen minutes. The substantial purse was £500 with £250 per side, and the audience numbered in the thousands. Broome was roughly two inches taller than his adversary, but described as fleshy and not as fit in appearance, with the skin "loose on his arms". He may have lost some conditioning during his work as a pub keeper between fights. He likely fought as a light heavyweight at best, as his competition weight was not known to exceed 175. Regardless of his condition, the bout was described as one of his best, and he fought convincingly.
In August 1853, Broome wrote to "Bell's Life in London and Sporting Chronicle" announcing his retirement from boxing and that he was pulling out of an agreed re-match with William Perry.
Broome had two fights scheduled with Tom Paddock in February and March of 1855, but Paddock failed to show for either bout.
Loss of English championship.
On his second defense of the English title, Broome lost a fifty-one round match to Paddock at Bentley in Sussex on 19 May 1856, in Manningtree, England in one hour, three minutes. Broome was losing favor somewhat or the bout was less well attended, but the purse was only £200 a side, a substantial sum, but a drop from the purse of Broome's first two championship wins. Boxing was not sanctioned by most English cities, which is why remote locations were required. To avoid the police, the spot found for the fight was on a piece of meadow ground in a hollow where the contestants and supporters could scarcely be seen. Broome had lost as much as 40 pounds for the contest, but did not appear as muscular as he had in earlier contests. His determination was substantial, but his stamina was described as inadequate against the vigor and strength of his opponent. By the 48th round, the left side of Broome's face was quite swollen, and his left eye nearly swollen shut. Broome fell in the 49th from a blow to his left ear. In the brutal affair, Broome was down again in the 50th. In the 51st and final round, Broome was down from a right to the chest, and though he tried to rise, his second threw in the sponge. Though the betting favorite early on, Broome was described as "completely disabled" and presented a "shocking spectacle" by the end of the fight. He attempted to retire immediately after the disabling loss.
After retirement.
After finishing his fighting career he kept a pub in Portsmouth and later kept the "Crown and Cushion" in Little Russell Street, London. In later years, he was often found wagering money at race meetings which may have contributed to his poverty in later life.
Near the end of his life, he suffered for months from lung disease and "dropsy", now known as edema. After being released from hospital care, he died in poverty due to his medical expenses, on the evening of 2 November 1865 at his residence on 30 Frith Street, in London's Soho. He was survived by his wife, who cared for him during his illness, and two children. He was buried in Norwood Cemetery in the same tomb as his brother, Johnny Broome, requiring patrons to pay the sum of £4 for the burial.

</doc>
<doc id="56784512" url="?curid=56784512" title="Recordiau Sain">
Recordiau Sain


</doc>
<doc id="56784513" url="?curid=56784513" title="2018 in esports">
2018 in esports

List of events in 2018 in esports (also known as professional gaming).

</doc>
<doc id="56784517" url="?curid=56784517" title="List of members of the Legislative Council of Northern Rhodesia (1941–1944)">
List of members of the Legislative Council of Northern Rhodesia (1941–1944)

Members of the Legislative Council of Northern Rhodesia from 1941 until 1944 were elected on 29 August 1941. There were eight elected members.

</doc>
<doc id="56784534" url="?curid=56784534" title="2018 Pingshan Open – Men's Singles">
2018 Pingshan Open – Men's Singles

Yūichi Sugita was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Ilya Ivashka won the title after defeating Zhang Ze 6–4, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784545" url="?curid=56784545" title="2018 Pingshan Open – Men's Doubles">
2018 Pingshan Open – Men's Doubles

Sanchai and Sonchat Ratiwatana were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Hsieh Cheng-peng and Rameez Junaid won the title after defeating Denys Molchanov and Igor Zelenay 7–6(7–3), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784555" url="?curid=56784555" title="George Corones">
George Corones

George Corones (6 April 1918 – 28 March 2020) was an Australian senior swimmer who broke the world 50 and 100 metres freestyle records for his age group in February/March 2018.
Born in Charleville, Queensland, of Greek descent, and whose residence is in Albany Creek, Corones gave up swimming before the Second World War, made his career as a medical practitioner, then resumed swimming only after his 80th birthday.
Corones competed at the 2012 World Championships in Italy, with top three finishes in various 90-94 age group events. In February 2013, Corones smashed two world 95-99 class freestyle records at the Masters Swimming Queensland Meet held on the Gold Coast, Queensland.
At the Commonwealth Games trials held at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre, Queensland, Australia, on 28 February 2018, Corones swam 50 metres in 56.12 seconds, breaking the previous record for 100- to 104-year-olds by 35 seconds, taking the record from Britain's John Harrison who had set a 1:31.19 mark in 2014. He also set the world record 100 metre mark at 2:24.21 at the same swim meet, on 3 March 2018. He entered the trials as National and Queensland state record holder for five events - the 25, 50 and 100 metres freestyle and 25 and 50 metres breaststroke - having set those records the previous January.
Corones trained at the Albany Creek Swim Club. He turned 100 in April 2018 and died in March 2020 at the age of 101.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56784559" url="?curid=56784559" title="Eroessa chiliensis">
Eroessa chiliensis


</doc>
<doc id="56784563" url="?curid=56784563" title="History of the Worldwide Web">
History of the Worldwide Web


</doc>
<doc id="56784567" url="?curid=56784567" title="2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville">
2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville

The 2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 12th edition of the tournament and part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour, offering a total of $75,000 in prize money. It took place in Drummondville, Canada between March 13 and March 18, 2018.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players entered the singles main draw with a protected ranking:
The following players received entry as alternates:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as lucky losers:

</doc>
<doc id="56784571" url="?curid=56784571" title="Exelis Visual Information Solutions">
Exelis Visual Information Solutions


</doc>
<doc id="56784582" url="?curid=56784582" title="Greaghnadoony">
Greaghnadoony

Greaghnadoony () is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland. It lies in the Roman Catholic parish of Corlough and barony of Tullyhaw.
Geography.
Greaghnadoony is bounded on the west by Greaghnaloughry and Corraleehan townlands, both in County Leitrim, and on the east by Tullyveela, Cartronnagilta and Corrachomera townlands. Its chief geographical features are mountain streams and a spring well. Greaghnadoony is traversed by minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 87 statute acres.
History.
In earlier times the townland was probably uninhabited as it consists mainly of bog and poor clay soils. It was not seized by the English during the Plantation of Ulster in 1610 or in the Cromwellian Settlement of the 1660s so some dispossessed Irish families moved there and began to clear and farm the land.
A map of the townland drawn in 1813 is in the National Archives of Ireland, Beresford Estate Maps, depicts the townland as "Greagnadown" and "Greagnadowny" with the proprietors being "John Finlay" and "Colonel Ennery deceased".
A lease dated 17 September 1816 John Enery of Bawnboy includes "Greaghnadoony".
The Tithe Applotment Books for 1826 list thirteen tithepayers in the townland.
The Greaghnadoony Valuation Office Field books are available for September 1839.
In 1841 the population of the townland was 59 being 28 males and 31 females. There were ten houses in the townland of which one was uninhabited.
In 1851 the population of the townland was 40 being 17 males and 23 females, the reduction being due to the Great Famine (Ireland). There were six houses in the townland and all were inhabited. 
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists seven landholders in the townland.
In 1861 the population of the townland was 18, being 10 males and 8 females. There were four houses in the townland, of which one was uninhabited.
In 1871 the population of the townland was 19, being 10 males and 9 females. There were three houses in the townland, all were inhabited.
In 1881 the population of the townland was 23, being 13 males and 10 females. There were four houses in the townland, all were inhabited.
In 1891 the population of the townland was 29, being 15 males and 14 females. There were five houses in the townland, all were inhabited.
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are six families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are nine families listed in the townland.

</doc>
<doc id="56784583" url="?curid=56784583" title="Nada Al-Nashif">
Nada Al-Nashif

Nada Al-Nashif is a Jordanian public servant who has been appointed as Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights from January 2020. From 2015 until 2019, she served as Assistant Director-General for Social and Human Sciences at UNESCO.
Early life and education.
Al-Nashif obtained a master's degree in public policy from Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government and a bachelor's degree in philosophy, politics and economics from Balliol College, Oxford University.
Career.
Al-Nashif began her UN career at United Nations Development Programme, where she worked from 1991 to 2006. She was Assistant Director-General/Regional Director of the International Labour Organization's Regional Office for Arab States from 2007 to 2014.
She was seriously injured in the 2003 Canal Hotel bombing in Baghdad, which killed at least 22 people, including the United Nations' Special Representative in Iraq Sérgio Vieira de Mello, and wounded over 100.
On 7 July 2021 Al-Nashif spoke on the 47th Session of the United Nations Human Rights Council about promoting human rights through sport, the Olympic ideal and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on sport.
Other activities.
Al-Nashif serves on the Board of Trustees of Birzeit University and Taawon, a human development NGO. She is the author of several articles with a focus on human rights topics.

</doc>
<doc id="56784590" url="?curid=56784590" title="The Iliad of Homer">
The Iliad of Homer


</doc>
<doc id="56784594" url="?curid=56784594" title="Be Well, Be Safe, Be Lucky... The Anthology">
Be Well, Be Safe, Be Lucky... The Anthology

Be Well, Be Safe, Be Lucky... The Anthology is a compilation of solo and related work by the British guitarist Peter Banks, released by the Peter Banks Musical Estate in March 2018 on the fifth anniversary of Banks' death.
The release draws on Banks' solo releases - "The Two Sides of", "Instinct", "Self-Contained", "Reduction" and "Can I Play You Something?" - with additional tracks from other projects, including the Yes tribute album "Tales from Yesterday" and the Flashback collaboration with Gerard Johnson. "Knights (Revisited)" is a previously unreleased track, based on an unfinished guitar track by Banks and completed posthumously by Tony Kaye, Billy Sherwood and Jay Schellen, who had all separately worked with Banks over the years.
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="56784597" url="?curid=56784597" title="2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville – Singles">
2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville – Singles

Denis Shapovalov was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Denis Kudla won the title after defeating Benjamin Bonzi 6–0, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784598" url="?curid=56784598" title="AS Roma Hall of Fame">
AS Roma Hall of Fame


</doc>
<doc id="56784607" url="?curid=56784607" title="Matthew Brunson">
Matthew Brunson


</doc>
<doc id="56784609" url="?curid=56784609" title="2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville – Doubles">
2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville – Doubles

Sam Groth and Adil Shamasdin were the defending champions but only Shamasdin chose to defend his title, partnering Frank Dancevic. Dancevic and Shamasdin withdrew in the semifinals.
Joris De Loore and Frederik Nielsen won the title after defeating Luis David Martínez and Filip Peliwo 6–4, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56784623" url="?curid=56784623" title="List of songs recorded by the Carpenters">
List of songs recorded by the Carpenters


</doc>
<doc id="56784637" url="?curid=56784637" title="Ekaterina Samsonov">
Ekaterina Samsonov

Ekaterina Samsonov (; born January 1, 2003) is a Russian-American model and actress.
Early life.
Samsonov was born in New York City, the daughter of Ukrainian mother Galina and Russian father Alexander.
She holds both American and Russian citizenship.
Career.
As a model, Samsonov has worked with DKNY, H&amp;M, Gap, J.Crew, Macy's, J. C. Penney, and Hewlett-Packard. As an actress, she is known for her role as Nina in the 2017 film "You Were Never Really Here".

</doc>
<doc id="56784645" url="?curid=56784645" title="Chiaki Yamada">
Chiaki Yamada

 is a former Japanese football player. She played for Japan national team.
Club career.
Yamada was born in Shizuoka on August 2, 1966. She played for her local club Shimizudaihachi SC and Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies.
National team career.
On October 17, 1984, when Yamada was 18 years old, she debuted for Japan national team against Italy. She was a member of Japan for 1989 AFC Championship. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="56784647" url="?curid=56784647" title="Al Hazm Club Stadium">
Al Hazm Club Stadium


</doc>
<doc id="56784653" url="?curid=56784653" title="Leave the Capital">
Leave the Capital

Leave The Capital is a 2017 book written by the English rock drummer and writer Paul Hanley on the history of recording in Manchester. It was published by Route Publishing in November 2017. Hanley was the drummer in The Fall from 1980 to 1985. He currently plays with Brix &amp; The Extricated. 
Content.
The book puts forward the argument that Manchester's unique musical heritage is directly traceable to the 1960s beat-boomers who started their own studios, namely Graham Gouldman and Eric Stewart of The Mindbenders; Keith Hopwood and Derek Leckenby of Herman's Hermits. It discusses many of these artists' finest songs (including the songs Gouldman wrote for Herman's Hermits and The Hollies), as well as seminal works recorded in their respective studios, by the likes of 10cc, Brian and Michael, Buzzcocks, The Clash, Joy Division, The Smiths and The Fall themselves. 
Reception.
Hanley's book has been warmly received. Musician and broadcaster Mike Sweeney called it "One of the best books on rock'n'roll I’ve ever read.", and "Record Collector" noted Hanley's "passion, flair and an attention to factual detail worthy of the BBC's John Motson." Simon McEwan of "Q" magazine concluded that the book made "a convincing – and thoroughly entertaining – case".
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56784657" url="?curid=56784657" title="Chipili">
Chipili


</doc>
<doc id="56784666" url="?curid=56784666" title="Héctor Ruiz-Cadenas">
Héctor Ruiz-Cadenas

Héctor Ruiz Cadenas (born 27 April 1983) is a Spanish tennis player.
Ruiz has a career high ATP singles ranking of 205 achieved on 9 July 2007. He also has a career high doubles ranking of 394 achieved on 9 October 2006.
He won his only ATP Challenger doubles title at the 2006 Iskratel Open in Kranj.

</doc>
<doc id="56784670" url="?curid=56784670" title="Horisonten brenner">
Horisonten brenner

Horisonten brenner is the sixth studio album by Norwegian hard rock band Skambankt. It was recorded over the course of several years at Bore Gardsrockeri. Janove Ottesen from Kaizers Orchestra was involved as producer.
The first single "Fremmed i en fremmed verden" was released on November 17, 2017. This single also contained a b-side, "Balladen om deg", that is not included on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="56784689" url="?curid=56784689" title="2018 Kazakhstan Super Cup">
2018 Kazakhstan Super Cup

2018 Kazakhstan Super Cup was a Kazakhstan football match that was played on 4 March 2018 between the champions of 2017 Kazakhstan Premier League, Astana, and the winner of the 2017 Kazakhstan Cup, Kairat.

</doc>
<doc id="56784696" url="?curid=56784696" title="Fred Lewis (basketball coach)">
Fred Lewis (basketball coach)


</doc>
<doc id="56784704" url="?curid=56784704" title="Glasower Damm Ost–Bohnsdorf Süd railway">
Glasower Damm Ost–Bohnsdorf Süd railway

The Glasower Damm Ost – Bohnsdorf Süd railway is an electrified, predominantly double-track main line in Germany. It is mainly located in the state of Brandenburg south of Berlin, but a small part of it is in Berlin. It is mainly intended to connect Berlin Brandenburg Airport (BER) with the underground Berlin Brandenburg Airport station. Its eastern section replaced the Berlin-Grünau – Berlin Schönefeld Airport South railway ("Bahnstrecke Berlin-Grünau – Berlin Flughafen Schönefeld Süd"), which was opened in 1963. This ran parallel to the current line and was mainly used to supply the airport with fuel and building materials. From 1992 to 2010, it was also used for passenger services to the biennial ILA Berlin Air Show.
The new continuous line to the airport went into operation in October 2011. Because of the delays in opening the airport, it has no significant traffic so far, apart from the freight traffic to Schönefeld airport.
History.
The construction of the Henschel aircraft factory near the town of Diepensee, south of Berlin, began in 1934. The so-called "Henschelbahn" (Henschel Railway) initially supplied the works. It had emerged from the Diepensee freight railway, which had originally operated as a horse tramway. The line ran from Berlin-Grünau station straight through the built-up area of Bohnsdorf. After the Second World War, the railway was dismantled for reparations. A Soviet military airport was built on the grounds of the Henschel works after 1945. The Henschel Railway was rebuilt in 1947 to supply it with materials and fuels.
The southern part of the airport was transferred for civilian use to Deutsche Lufthansa of East Germany (later Interflug) on 27 April 1955. Initially, the former Henschel Railway continued to be used for the supply of materials and fuels. This line proved not to have sufficient capacity with the growth of the airport and it was also severely hampered the increasing road traffic. As a result a new siding was built in 1959 from the Grünbergallee station on the Berlin Outer Freight Ring ("Güteraußenring", GAR) and the old line was closed. By the beginning of the 1960s, it became apparent that this line could no longer be used in the longer term. On the one hand, the line crossed the freeway that was under construction to the airport, on the other hand, the route of the GAR was needed for the future S-Bahn to Schönefeld. First, a track was laid parallel to the GAR, but due to the A 113 autobahn, which was under construction there, it could not be used in the longer-term.
The freight line to Schönefeld Airport.
Because of these problems a completely new connection was built to the airport, which went into operation on 3 September 1963. It branched in Berlin-Grünau station from the Berlin–Görlitz railway, initially running parallel to it, then it turned to run south of Bohnsdorf through the forest and reached the airport from the east. Demands from Deutsche Lufthansa for services to carry its employees over the line were rejected due to the expected low traffic and lack of signalling infrastructure. In the 1970s and 1980s, the line, popularly called the "Ölbahn" (oil railway), was upgraded to enable the operation of axle loads of up to 22.5 tons. This enabled building materials to be carried on block trains to the Kienberg building materials warehouse, which was located next to the line.
After German reunification, the ILA Berlin Air Show (ILA) took place for the first time on the southern part of the airport. To handle the number of visitors, shuttle trains ran hourly from Berlin-Lichtenberg via Schöneweide or from Schönefeld Airport station to Berlin-Schönefeld Airport South station, meaning that two trains an hour and direction ran over the industrial railway. Services were operated as seven-carriage double-decker push–pull trains that were hauled by class 232 locomotives. A temporary chipboard platform was built for passengers. In addition, signalling and control systems from Siemens were installed for passenger traffic at the previously unprotected level crossings. Previously, only the federal route 179 level crossing was protected with a semi-barrier system.
Shuttle trains were again used at the following aerospace exhibitions, which took place every two years, with the rolling stock used changing over time. In 1994, for example, trains were operated with class 229 locomotives at both ends, alternately from Lichtenberg via Schöneweide and from Zoologischer Garten station via the Berlin Stadtbahn to the ILA station. In 2010, the last time the shuttle trains ran to ILA, they ran directly from Berlin-Lichtenberg without additional stops. Since 2012, the ILA is no longer held in Diepensee, but at Selchow on the west side of the airport grounds, so the shuttle trains have been cancelled.
Planning the connection of the new airport.
After lengthy discussions in the 1990s, the federal government and the state governments of Brandenburg and Berlin decided on the location of Berlin's new airport (then "Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg International", abbreviated "BBI") in the municipality of Schönefeld, south of the existing airport, partly using the old airport’s facilities. It was soon determined that the new terminal would be location the area south of the runways of the existing airport. As part of the "Pilzkonzept" (mushroom concept) it proved to be sensible to build lines connecting to Berlin's inner city via the North–South mainline, on the one hand, and via the Dresden Railway, on the other hand. Plans from the mid-1990s already showed a long-distance line, which was close to the route later built, while the S-Bahn was intended at that time to use a short underground route from the old Berlin Schönefeld Airport station.
In addition to the connections with an S-Bahn line and a long-distance line that were actually built, a number of other options for the development of rail transport at the airport were discussed, which were not realised:
Construction and commissioning.
The railway connection was initially planned as part of the "rail transport connection" in the application for planning approval for the airport as a whole. The Brandenburg transport ministry granted planning approval in August 2004 and the Federal Administrative Court confirmed it on 16 March 2006. Work began on the shell of the underground airport station in September 2007, on the S-Bahn line at the end of 2007 and on the western long-distance rail connection in the spring of 2008.
The planning approval process for the eastern connection to the Görlitz Railway was delayed due to changes to the plan. Originally an upgrade of the existing line was planned, which could not be built because of the tight curve radii and the noise pollution for the residents, among other things. The planning approval process only started in 2007. Among several options tested, one involved building a line through the forest, running about 250 metres south of the old line. There were a number of protests by local residents and conservationists against its construction, partly because 14 hectares of forest had to be cleared. Due to the delays, there were fears that the eastern connection would not be completed by the planned opening of the airport in 2011, so alternative connection concepts were considered.
Proposals of an environmental group to build a line along federal road 113, instead of the line through the Bohnsdorf forest, was declined by the Federal Railway Authority ("Eisenbahn-Bundesamt", EBA). The EBA pointed out that there would be higher burdens for Bohnsdorf residents due to noise and vibration. On 19 February 2010, the EBA gave planning approval and a few days later, Deutsche Bahn began construction. It was agreed that the course of the old line would be restored to nature and noise barriers would be built on the new line.
For the originally planned opening date of the new airport (now abbreviated as "BER") on 30 October 2011, the eastern connection would be completed together with the western connection, the S-Bahn line and the Berlin Brandenburg airport station. However, the opening of the airport had meanwhile been postponed to 3 June 2012.
It was not until the beginning of May 2012 that it officially announced that the opening of the BER airport would be delayed for the first time. Initially, completion was officially expected in 2013. As a result, the opening of the line also had to be delayed. At the beginning of 2018, the airport was expected to open in 2020 or 2021.
Thus, there is no significant use of the completed line to the airport, apart from the freight traffic from the Görlitz Railway to the airport. DB operates several empty trains each day over the S-Bahn and the mainline tracks to reduce rusting of the tracks and to help ventilate the airport station.
Costs.
In the financial agreement signed on 5 September 2006 by the states of Berlin and Brandenburg, the federal government and the Berlin Airports agreed to provide €636 million for rail connections (including the S-Bahn line). The federal government was to fund €576 million of this. The states of Berlin and Brandenburg were to fund €30 million each and undertook to fund transport services under contract for 20 years on the basis of full cost recovery. Under a fixed-price agreement, the airport company was required to fund the construction of the external structures of the tunnel and the airport station. Even after the completion of the rail link, the official construction cost was €636 million.
Deutsche Bahn estimates that the trips required to ventilate the tunnel since the completion of the line cost €2 million a month.
Planned passenger services.
The first plans in the mid-1990s included as an airport connection for regional services, an InterRegio service from Kiel via Berlin and the airport line to Görlitz.
In the mid-2000s, the Berlin Senate planned that all ICE and IC trains starting or ending in Berlin would be routed to and from the airport station and an InterCity line would run from Berlin to the airport towards Cottbus and continue to Poland. However, these plans were not pursued further.
At the beginning of 2012, prior to the planned opening of the BER, it was planned that the three RE/RB lines that run to the old Schoenefeld Airport station would instead run to the new airport station. These were the RE 7 (Dessau – Berlin – Wünsdorf-Waldstadt), RB 14 (Nauen – Berlin – Senftenberg) and RB 22 (Potsdam – Airport (− Königs Wusterhausen)) services. In addition, a new RE 9 line was to connect the airport via the Outer Ring and the Berlin–Halle railway ("Anhalter Bahn") to Berlin Hauptbahnhof. A direct fast connection to the city centre of Berlin was not possible because the construction of long-distance tracks on the Dresden Railway in Berlin has been delayed. In addition, a few long-distance services would be extended to the airport. With the completion of the Dresden Railway, instead of the current RE 9 service, an unsubsidised airport express service would connect the airport station with the city centre every 15 minutes and some other services would also run over this route.
Future plans.
A new halt is planned to the east of the intersection of the line with the A113 on the route of a newly planned road. It would consist of two side platforms and two associated station forecourts and serve regional traffic. The construction of the new road is scheduled for 2019.
Route.
 
The Dresden railway crosses the Berlin outer ring in the area of Glasower Damm in the town of Mahlow. It is connected from the south to the Berlin outer ring via two connecting curves. The outer ring was upgraded to four tracks from the Glasower Damm Ost junction towards Schönefeld Airport in the 1980s. The new line to Berlin Brandenburg Airport (BER) first uses the former northern pair of tracks of the outer ring. Less than two kilometres further east, the line then runs under the other tracks of the outer ring and turns towards the southeast. A short Selchow West junction–Selchow Süd junction link connects the southern tracks of the outer ring to the line to BER. This runs first above ground in a trough. North of the village of Selchow, it meets the Grünau Cross–Berlin Brandenburg Airport railway of the S-Bahn coming from the northeast. Both routes run parallel from the western edge of the airport area in a several kilometre-long tunnel between the two runways. The Berlin Brandenburg Airport station is located shortly before the eastern end of the tunnel. The S-Bahn line ends in the station and the main line continues northeast and leaves the tunnel. The fast tracks for regional trains ending in the station are already above ground. A short distance later, at Diepensee Cargo junction, the line meets the freight link from the airport, which was previously served by the original line. The new line converges with the route of the old line a short distance later in the area of the Kienberg loading point. The line passes under the A 113 autobahn to the east of the settlement of Hubertus. Both lines then run through a forest area in the locality of Berlin-Bohnsdorf; the new line runs about 250 metres south of the old line. Southeast of Bohnsdorf, the new line divides at Bohnsdorf West junction into two 1.4 km and 1.8 km-long single track sections, which run to the Görlitz Railway to the south and north, forming a railway triangle.
Chainage.
The through line (VzG line number 6151) begins at Glasower Damm Ost junction. However, running distance on the line (chainage) does not start at zero, but follows that of the Berlin outer ring. This in turn continues the chainage of the Michendorf–Großbeeren railway, opened in 1926, which formed part of the Brandenburg Bypass Railway. The starting point of the chainage is therefore at kilometre 28.220 km, the distance from Michendorf. The outer ring to the east and the line to the new airport have parallel chainages measured from that point. The end of line 6151 is at Bohnsdorf Süd junction on the Görlitz Railway at kilometre 42.073.
The old Berlin-Grünau – Berlin Schönefeld Airport South railway had the VzG line number of 6119, which is still used today for the remaining part of the Diepensee Cargo junction – Berlin-Schönefeld Airport South line. Similarly, the northern connecting curve built parallel to the old line from the Görlitz Railway from Berlin to Bohnsdorf West junction bears this number. The running distances on these sections are measured from Berlin-Grünau station. The zero point of the old line is in the southern part of the station at kilometre 13.43 of the Görlitz Railway. The section to Berlin-Schönefeld Airport South maintains this chainage. The new connecting curve from Berlin-Grünau to Bohnsdorf West is measured with the new chainage. It starts at kilometre 14.4 of the Görlitz Railway and is 1.8 kilometres long.
The 0.79 km-long Selchow West–Selchow Süd connecting curve (line 6186) lies south of the tracks of the outer ring.
Operating points.
Glasower Damm Ost.
In the area of the Glasower Damm, a connecting road was built between Mahlow and Glasow, crossing the Berlin–Dresden railway and the Berlin outer ring at the beginning of the 1950s. Three junctions were built to connect the lines: "Glasower Damm West" on the Berlin outer ring as a junction from the connecting curve from the west to the Dresden Railway in the south, "Glasower Damm Süd" (south) on the Dresden Railway at the meeting of two connecting from the Berlin outer ring and "Glasower Damm Ost" (east) on the outer ring at the connecting curve from the east to the Dresden Railway. In the area of this junction, a curve was built from the junction to the new line to the new airport in the opposite direction to the existing connection.
Selchow West and Süd.
Selchow West and South are junctions on the short connecting curve from the southern track of the Berlin outer ring towards BER airport.
Berlin Airport station.
The underground station is only for passenger traffic. It consists of two island platforms for the long-distance railway and one for the S-Bahn.
Diepensee Cargo.
This is the junction to the new airport freight terminal.
Berlin Schönefeld Flughafen Süd.
The terminus of the old line from Grünau is used to supply the airport with fuel and building materials. It is now connected to the new line. Over time, it has changed its name several times, mostly following the renaming of the airport and the passenger station that was located north of the airport. It was called "Diepensee" before the construction of the line from Grünau. Its name in the 1960s and 1970s was "Zentralflughafen Süd" (Central Airport South) and then "Flughafen Süd" (Airport South). Since the 1990s, it has been called "Berlin-Schönefeld Flughafen Süd" (Berlin Schönefeld Airport South). It has always been categorised as a "Ladestelle" (loading point).
Kienberg.
A loading point for building material transports had already been established in Kienberg on the old line.
Bohnsdorf West and Süd.
The line divides into two branches at Bohnsdorf West junction. One runs southeast to the Görlitz Railway, which it joins at Bohnsdorf Süd junction, the other runs north towards Berlin-Grünau station.

</doc>
<doc id="56784709" url="?curid=56784709" title="Gladice Keevil">
Gladice Keevil

Gladice Georgina Keevil later Gladice G. Rickford (1884 – 1959) was a British suffragette who served as head of the Midlands office of the Women's Social and Political Union between 1908 and 1910. 
Early life.
Gladice was born and had her childhood at Clitterhouse Farm in Cricklewood. She was educated at the Cricklewood Kindergarten (where she won a prize for clay modelling in 1891) and Cricklewood High School, the Frances Buss School in Camden, and the Lambeth School of Art. She worked as a governess in France and the USA before returning to Britain in 1907. She married in 1913, becoming Mrs. Rickford.
Involvement in the Women's Suffrage Movement.
After joining the WSPU in September 1907, Gladice was employed as the head of the Midlands as a National Organiser in 1908. She opened a WSPU Midlands headquarters in Birmingham where she worked with Bertha Ryland (daughter of Mrs. Alice Ryland) and Laura Ainsworth. She was campaigning at the Bury St Edmunds by-election (1907) with Rachel Barrett, Nellie Martel, Emmeline Pankhurst, Aeta Lamb and Elsa Gye, organised the campaign during the Wolverhampton by-election in 1908. She was a key speaker at demonstrations in support of women's suffrage in Heaton Park (July 1908) Hyde Park (1908) and Belfast (1910). 
Arrest in 1908.
Gladice was one of twelve women who was arrested after walking single file through the streets towards the houses of commons with Mrs. Pankhurst in February 1908 "to present a petition from the Conference at Caxton Hall, and to the refusal of the authorities to treat suffragist offenders as first-class misdemeanants." Gladice was arrested along with Mrs Pankhurst and others and was charged with resisting and obstructing the police. 
Recognition.
In 1910 Keevil was invited to stay at Eagle House in Bathampton, Somerset where a tree was planted in her honour. Many significant women from the suffragette movement were invited to stay at Mary Blathwayt's parents' home and to plant a tree to recover from and celebrate a prison sentence. The trees were known as "Annie's Arboreatum" after Annie Kenney. Gladice was invited to Eagle House several times. Mary's mother thought her one of the nicer suffragettes. The Blathwayt's fell out with the movement when politician's were assaulted. The WSPU movement split over the authority demanded by Emmeline and Christabel Pankhurst and their increasing demands for extremism. and Keevil is thought to have left in about 1911. Keevil married in 1913 and went to live in Burpham in the 1940s where she brought up three sons. She died in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="56784715" url="?curid=56784715" title="FIVB Volleyball Men's Nations League">
FIVB Volleyball Men's Nations League

The FIVB Volleyball Men's Nations League is an international volleyball competition contested by the senior men's national teams of the members of the "" (FIVB), the sport's global governing body. The first tournament took place between May and July 2018, with the final taking place in Lille, France. Russia won the inaugural edition, defeating France in the final.
In July 2018, the FIVB announced that USA would host the next three editions of the men's Volleyball Nations League Finals, from 2019–2021‌. However, it was canceled due to a clash with the U.S. Independence Day (for USA 2020 Hosting). The FIVB then confirmed Turin, Italy as the new host of the final stage of 2020 VNL, but on March 13, 2020 the FIVB decided to postpone the Nations League until after the 2020 Summer Olympics due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Finally, the FIVB canceled the 2020 edition and confirmed Italy as the host of the final stage of the 2021 VNL.
The creation of the tournament was announced in October 2017 as a joint project between the FIVB, the IMG and 21 national federations. The Nations League replaced the World League, a former annual men's international event that ran between 1990 and 2017.
A corresponding tournament for women's national teams is the FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
History.
Adoption.
In June 2017, Argentinian website Voley Plus reported that the FIVB would drastically change the format for both the 2018 World League and World Grand Prix. According to the reports, starting from 2018, the World League and the World Grand Prix would have only one Group (no more Groups 1, 2 and 3) of 16 national teams.
In October 2017, the FIVB announced, via a press release, the creation of the men's and women's Volleyball Nations League, confirming the tournaments as a replacement for the World League and World Grand Prix.
According to the press release, the goal of the tournament would be to revolutionize volleyball competitions, making it one of the most important events in the history of the sport, presenting volleyball in a way that has never been experienced before, building on the innovative sports presentation on display at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and bringing the action closer to fans around the world. By pushing the boundaries of technology, innovation and digital broadcasting, spectators at home would witness new and diverse angles, showcasing the world class athleticism of each nation's best players.
For the very first time, the FIVB, in collaboration with the sports marketing company IMG, would take complete control of content production, maximizing quality and promoting a compelling on-court narrative, easier for fans to engage with and understand.
Marketing.
The International Volleyball Federation has partnered with global brand strategy and design firm Landor Associates to create the Volleyball Nations League branding. Landor has also contributed with in-stadium and on-screen television graphics, staff uniforms, designs for the World Volleyball app, medals and the winning trophy.
Digital.
Microsoft, the multinational technology company, has signed an agreement with the FIVB that the international federation vows will change the way the sport of volleyball is consumed while heightening the fan experience during match days as well as in the digital space. Under the tie-up, the ‘Microsoft Sports Digital Platform’ has been created to create new digital services and deliver personalised content on demand in order to boost the FIVB global audience and improve fan engagement.&lt;ref&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56784716" url="?curid=56784716" title="Rob Evans">
Rob Evans


</doc>
<doc id="56784720" url="?curid=56784720" title="Churi Wiqu (Tacna)">
Churi Wiqu (Tacna)


</doc>
<doc id="56784725" url="?curid=56784725" title="Jane Taylour">
Jane Taylour

Jane E. Taylour (born c.1827 - died 1905) was a Scottish suffragist and women's movement campaigner, and one of the first women to give lectures in public. She travelled around Scotland and northern England as a suffrage lecturer, and was a key figure in spreading the message of the women's suffrage throughout Scotland.
Life.
Taylour was born in 1827 or 1828, in Stranraer, Scotland, to Maria Angus and Nathaniel Taylor. She lived in Balfour. In 1861 she moved to Saffron Walden in Essex, where in 1901 she was recorded as living with Rachel P. Robson. Taylour died Saffron Walden on 25 February 1905. She was interred in the Society of Friends' burial ground.
Campaigning for women's suffrage.
Jane Taylour addressed gave public lectures and lecture tours on women's suffrage in London, the North-East of England and in Scotland. She sent in a petition in favour of Jacob Bright's Bill to remove women's electoral disabilities. She was described by women's rights activist Clementia Taylor as "the energetic little woman from Stranraer". In 1869 Clementia Taylor asked Taylour to undertake a lecture tour, and from 1870 she gave public lectures throughout Scotland and Northeast England campaigning for women's equality and suffrage. She was accompanied on some of her lecture tours in Scotland by fellow campaigners Mary Hill Burton and Agnes McLaren. McLaren and Taylour travelled to the north of Scotland because "everything that could be done in Edinburgh had been done", as members of the Edinburgh National Society for Women's Suffrage and county members had voted and petitioned, and the Town Council had petitioned in favour of votes for women.
The meetings were popular, and in some cases people had to be turned away, and Taylour's lectures were given extensive media coverage; "The Orkney Herald" gave her lectures in Orkney full coverage and reproduced her speeches in full, and her speech in Lerwick in Shetland on 12 September 1873 was fully reported in "The Shetland Times". The "Women's Suffrage Journal" commented about one of her lectures that "Miss Taylour has all the requisites of a public lecturer. Her composition is chaste and elegant, her voice distinct and agreeable, and her manner attractive and graceful".
Taylour delivered a number of lectures in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire. On 12 March 1885 she was one of several speakers at the Temperance Hall, along with Florence Balgarnie, Jessie Tod, and Ann Radford McCormick. She returned two years later on 18 January 1887 to give a lecture on allowing women greater political and social equality with men, and returned to Gainsborough again on 31 May 1885 on women and politics at the Methodist Mutual Improvement Association.
By 1873 she had delivered over 150 lectures in Scotland. Women's suffrage committees were formed in Tain, Dingwall, Forres, Elgin, Banff, Invergordon, Nairn and Dunkeld as a result of Taylour and McLaren's campaigns in these towns.
Taylour was the First Honorary Secretary of the Galloway branch of the National Society for Women's Suffrage from 1870 to 1872. She was joint Secretary of the Edinburgh National Society for Women's Suffrage, one of the first three suffrage societies to be formed in Britain, with Agnes McLaren from 1873-1876, and an executive member of the central committee of the national Society. In 1901 she was a vice-president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In Saffron Walden, in 1895, she was Secretary of the local branch of the British Women's Temperance Association, and was influential in getting women appointed to the local Board of Guardians.

</doc>
<doc id="56784726" url="?curid=56784726" title="Ekushey Padak in Art">
Ekushey Padak in Art


</doc>
<doc id="56784727" url="?curid=56784727" title="Naheed Begum">
Naheed Begum

Naheed Begum is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from 2008 to May 2018.
Early life and education.
She was born on 15 November 1975 in Sukkur.&lt;ref name="pas/2008"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; According to another report, she was born on 15 December 1975.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She earned the degree of the Bachelor of Education, Bachelor of Science and Master of Arts, all from Shah Abdul Latif University.
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) on a reserved seat for women in 2008 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of MQM on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.
In March 2018, she quit MQM and joined Pak Sarzameen Party (PSP).

</doc>
<doc id="56784728" url="?curid=56784728" title="Karen Radner">
Karen Radner

Karen Radner (11 May 1972) is an Austrian Assyriologist, the Alexander von Humboldt Professor of Ancient History at the University of Munich.
Early life and education.
Karen Radner started her studies at the University of Vienna in 1990 in Ancient Near Eastern Languages and Archaeology. She graduated in 1994 with an MA (summa cum laude) and 1997 with a PhD (summa cum laude). Her doctoral work was titled "Die neuassyrischen Privatrechtsurkunden als Quelle für Mensch und Umwelt" ("The Neo-Assyrian Private Legal Documents as Source for Mankind and Environment"). This study was published in 1997 as part of the State Archives of Assyria Studies Series (Vol. 6) based at the University of Helsinki. 
Following her doctoral studies, Radner spent two years in the University of Helsinki as a junior research fellow (1997-1999) and one year at the University of Tübingen as a research fellow (1999). In 1999, Radner moved to the University of Munich as a research assistant and started her Habilitation, which was completed in 2004 and is entitled "Die Macht des Namens. Altorientalische Strategien zur Selbsterhaltung" ("The Power of a Name: Ancient Near Eastern Strategies for Self-Preservation"). This was published in 2005. From 2005-2015, Radner worked at University College London as a lecturer, reader, and then professor in Ancient Near Eastern History. During this time, she was also a guest professor at the University of Verona, the University of Innsbruck, UCL Qatar, Doha, and Koç University, Istanbul. 
Humboldt Professorship.
In 2015, Radner won an Alexander von Humboldt Foundation Award in Classical and Ancient Studies. As part of this award, she received a professorship at the University of Munich, where she is the Alexander von Humboldt-Professur für die Alte Geschichte des Nahen und Mittleren Ostens (Alexander von Humboldt Professor for the Ancient History of the Near and Middle East) as part of the Faculty of History and the Arts, Department of History: Ancient History program. She is also a member of the Center for Advanced Studies at the University of Munich.
Project leadership.
Radner has led several projects, including ("'Assyrian empire builders:' Governors, Diplomats and Soldiers in the Service of Sargon II and Tiglath-pileser III, Kings of Assyria" and "Knowledge and Power in the Neo-Assyrian Empire". 
Other honors and awards.
In 2016, Radner was elected to the Bayerische Akademie der Wissenschaften (Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities). Since 2015, Radner has also been an Honorary Professor of Ancient Near Eastern History at University College London.

</doc>
<doc id="56784744" url="?curid=56784744" title="Naila Munir">
Naila Munir

Naila Munir is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from June 2013 to May 2018.
Early life.
She was born on 11 April 1962 in Karachi.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.
In March 2018, she quit MQM and joined Pak Sarzameen Party (PSP).

</doc>
<doc id="56784755" url="?curid=56784755" title="NWFP (disambiguation)">
NWFP (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56784757" url="?curid=56784757" title="Kazuko Hironaka">
Kazuko Hironaka

 is a former Japanese football player. She played for Japan national team.
Club career.
Hironaka played for L.League club Nissan FC. She was selected Fighting Spirit prize in 1990 season.
National team career.
In October 1984, Hironaka was selected by the Japan national team for a tour in China. On October 17, she debuted for Japan against Italy. She was a member of the national team in 1986 and in the 1989 AFC Championship. She also played in the 1990 Asian Games. That competition was her last game for Japan. She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan between 1984 and 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="56784762" url="?curid=56784762" title="Pumani">
Pumani


</doc>
<doc id="56784764" url="?curid=56784764" title="Shikoh Gitau">
Shikoh Gitau

Dr. Shikoh Gitau (circa 1981) is a Kenyan computer scientist. Despite growing up in poverty, she finished her undergraduate studies in Computer Science at the Africa Nazarene University and attained her PhD at University of Cape Town. She is known for inventing M-Ganga and Ummeli, mobile applications for promoting health and medicine and matching unemployed workers with employment opportunities. Gitau was the first African to win the Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship received in the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing based on her inventions and thesis. She contributes and manages the Technology Innovations for Inclusive Growth program where she is presently employed in the Africa Development Bank (AfDB).
Early life.
Gitau was born to a working-class family in Mathare. Soon after her birth, her family lost their property in Mathare in the aftermath of the 1982 Kenyan Coup D'état Attempt and were forced to settle with relatives in Nakuru. During her childhood in Nakuru, Gitau saw her first collegiate graduation ceremony on television. She credits witnessing a woman receive a PhD from then-president Daniel arap Moi during this broadcast with motivating her to pursue higher education.
Gitau completed her undergraduate studies at the Africa Nazarene University (ANU) in Nairobi. Her career at ANU was marked by academic excellence: she remained on the Honor Roll and Dean's List during all four years of her education, and earned the university's Merit and Leadership Awards in 2003 and 2005, respectively. After receiving her degree, she worked briefly as a UNICEF volunteer before taking a job as a programs assistant at the Centre for Multiparty Democracy, a Kenyan political activism group. She worked there until 2007, when she enrolled in the University of Cape Town to pursue an MSc and subsequently a PhD in Computer Science.
Career.
Gitau has worked in a plethora of different areas to benefit African development. Her most notable career achievement is her mobile application "Ummeli". This application, created in June 2010, matches unemployed people with employers in need of their skills. Due to its low cost and practical use, its potential to change unemployment in labor markets is very high. Umelli is available in South Africa now and is projected to become available in other African countries. In December 2010, Gitau started working for Google Inc's Emerging Markets where she "identified, researched and designed the www.beba.co.keconcept and worked on its introduction to Kenya’s Transit system". In January 2011, Gitau was a co-founder and research mentor for iHub_Research where she was on the forefront of research on mobile internet usage in Africa and worked on the Microsoft oneApp project. Currently, Gitau works in the ICT department of the African Development Bank (AfDB) working on developing various projects with different governments across Africa.
Awards and Recognitions.
On July 31, 2013, Gitau became one of three people to win the ABIE Change Agent Award. She made history by becoming the first African to win the Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship. She was recognized with fellow honorees in Minneapolis, Minnesota on October 5 during the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing (GHC).
In 2017, Gitau was recognized as the Most Influential Women CEO Global for East Africa under the Information and communications technology (ICT) sector by the Independent Magazine.
Other

</doc>
<doc id="56784765" url="?curid=56784765" title="Nusrat Seher Abbasi">
Nusrat Seher Abbasi

Nusrat Bano Sehar Abbasi is a Pakistani politician who is a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from 2008.
Early life and education.
She was born on 29 January 1969 in Rohri.&lt;ref name="pas/2008"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Bachelor of Law and the Master of Arts in Economics, all from Shah Abdul Latif University.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (F) (PML-F) on a reserved seat for women in 2008 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PML-F on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Grand Democratic Alliance (GDA) on a reserved seat for women in 2018 Pakistani general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56784768" url="?curid=56784768" title="Maria Edileuza Fontenele Reis">
Maria Edileuza Fontenele Reis

Maria Edileuza Fontenele Reis (born May 1, 1954 in Ceará, Brazil) is the Ambassador of Brazil to Bulgaria and North Macedonia. Before that,
she was the Permanent Delegate of Brazil to UNESCO (2017-2019).
Education &amp; Life.
Fontenele Reis concluded her under-graduate studies in Social Communication in Brasília in 1975 and in French Culture and Civilization in Paris, in 1976. Among her other academic titles, are the High Studies Course of the Brazilian Diplomatic Academy (PhD level thesis on Brazil-Japan relations, published in Portuguese, Japanese and English); Master's degree in International Relations at the Centro Studi Diplomatici e Strategici in Rome (Italy 2002); and PhD in International Relations and Diplomacy at the École des Hautes Études en Relations Internationales (Paris, 2016). Fontenele Reis is married to retired Ambassador and writer Fernando Guimarães Reis and has two children, Maria Lydia Fontenele Reis and Pedro Felipe Fontenele Reis.
Career.
Fontenele Reis joined the Brazilian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1978, and was promoted to the rank of First Class Minister (Ambassador) in 2006, after serving in Paris (Consul-General 2015-2017), Luanda (Ambassador, 2014), Rome, Tokyo, Dominican Republic, Argentina and temporary missions in New York, Jamaica and Barbados, and in several other countries. Fontenele Reis occupied positions in different areas of the Brazilian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, among which: Undersecretary for Asian Affairs and Multiregional Mechanisms (2010-2013), Brazilian Sherpa to BRICS (2010-2013); High Level Representative of Brazil to the IBSA Forum (2010-2014); Brazilian High Level Officer for the Forum East Asia-Latin America Cooperation (FEALAC); Regional Coordinator for the South America-Africa Forum (ASA) and the South America-Arab Countries Forum (ASPA)) from 2010 to 2013; Director-General of the Department of European Affairs (2006-2010); Coordinator of Modernization (2005); Assistant of the Undersecretary of Policy Planning (1991-1994). Fontenele Reis also participated as speaker in several academic conferences, seminars and workshops on issues related to Brazilian Foreign Policy and has several articles published about Brazil-China relations, BRICS, IBSA, and Brazil-European Union Strategic Partnership, among other issues.
From 2017 to 2019, she was Permanent Delegate of Brazil to UNESCO. Since 2019, she is the Ambassador of Brazil to Bulgaria and North Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="56784770" url="?curid=56784770" title="Andy McCulloch (drummer)">
Andy McCulloch (drummer)


</doc>
<doc id="56784772" url="?curid=56784772" title="Nusrat Bano Sehar Abbasi">
Nusrat Bano Sehar Abbasi


</doc>
<doc id="56784777" url="?curid=56784777" title="Salla Jaqhi">
Salla Jaqhi


</doc>
<doc id="56784783" url="?curid=56784783" title="Jacquelyn S. Fetrow">
Jacquelyn S. Fetrow

Jacquelyn S. (Jacque) Fetrow (born 1960) is a computational biologist, college administrator, and the 15th president of Albright College. Previously, she served as Provost, Vice President of Academic Affairs, and Professor of Chemistry at the University of Richmond, in Richmond, Virginia. Prior to that appointment, she served as Dean of the College at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. She also co-founded a company, GeneFormatics, for which she served as Director and Chief Scientific Officer for four years.
Early life and education.
Fetrow is a native of Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. Her mother, Mildred F. Fetrow, was a public school teacher in the West Shore School District, teaching kindergarten, first grade and second grade for many years. Her father, David E. Fetrow, was a carpenter. He also worked as a truck salesman, real estate salesman, and office manager.
Fetrow attended Camp Hill public schools through twelfth grade, Albright College for her bachelor's degree (Biochemistry), and Penn State College of Medicine for a Ph.D. (Biological Chemistry), which she earned in 1986 working with George D. Rose. She did post-doctoral stints at the University of Rochester School of Medicine under the mentorship of Fred Sherman, and at the Whitehead Institute at Massachusetts Institute of Technology under the tutelage of Peter S. Kim.
Career.
Fetrow worked at the University at Albany, SUNY, from 1990 to 1998, serving as assistant and then associate professor of biological sciences. She then accepted a position at The Scripps Research Institute. Technology that she helped develop at Scripps served as the foundation for GeneFormatics, Inc., the company that Fetrow co-founded and at which she served as Chief Scientific Officer and Director. In August 2003 she was appointed Reynolds Professor of Computational Biology at Wake Forest University, and in January 2009 she was appointed as Dean of Wake Forest College. She moved to the University of Richmond to serve as Provost and Vice President of Academic Affairs at the University of Richmond in 2014. In 2017 she was appointed president of her alma mater, Albright College.
Research.
Fetrow was the first to describe the non-regular protein structure, omega loop, a structure she identified and studied for her doctoral dissertation (work published under the name Jacquelyn F. Leszczynski). Her early research work involved the experimental analysis of these structures in the protein cytochrome "c".
Later, her worked turned to the classification of functional sites in protein structures, resulting in Fuzzy Functional Forms and active site profiling. This work formed the foundation for the company she co-founded, GeneFormatics. Subsequent development of the active site profiling technology was used to create the Peroxiredoxin Classification Index. This technology has been used to cluster other superfamilies, including the enolases, into functionally relevant clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="56784785" url="?curid=56784785" title="Wila Qullu (Tacna)">
Wila Qullu (Tacna)


</doc>
<doc id="56784790" url="?curid=56784790" title="Nusrat Sultana">
Nusrat Sultana

Nusrat Sultana is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from June 2013 to May 2018.
Early life and education.
She was born on 13 June 1952 in Mirpur Khas.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She has earned the degree of Master of Arts in Sindhi from the University of Sindh.
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56784792" url="?curid=56784792" title="Vicki Psarias">
Vicki Psarias

 use both this parameter and |birth_date to display the person's date of birth, date of death, and age at death) --&gt;
Vicki Psarias is a filmmaker and blogger based in Windsor, Berkshire, England. She is known as the author of the book "Mumboss" in the UK and The Working Mom in the US (published in 2020). She is also the founder and editor of "Honest Mum", a parenting blog. She is also a filmmaker, writing and directing short films, "Broken" and "Rifts" as well as directing and producing TV documentaries, music videos and adverts.
Psarias has been sourced as a subject matter expert in women's health, parenting, business, food and fashion by "The Scotsman", "Huffington Post", and more.
Her MA graduation film, "Rifts" won awards at film festivals worldwide including the European Commissioned Euromedcafe International Short Film Competition while her subsequent short film "Broken" was also well received. Vicki worked as a runner, then in development for Redbus (now Lionsgate UK). Post Redbus, she wrote and directed "Broken".
From 2004 to 2010, Psarias directed drama, TV documentaries, music videos, and short films. Vicki has won the Channel 4 Talent Award for Best Filmmaker in 2007 and The Square Mile Magazine Worldspreads 30 Under 30 London Talent Awards.
Publication and reception.
"Mumboss: The Honest Mum's Guide To Surviving and Thriving at Work and at Home" () was published by Piatkus Publishing. Natasha Courtenay-Smith (author of The Million Dollar Blog) described Mumboss as, ‘If ever there is a person who has shown just how successful you can be online whilst also being an amazing parent it is Vicki. Read, learn and follow. A brilliant book from an inspirational mother.' As per Marie Claire, the book is a ‘a no-nonsense guide to navigating the transition.’
Personal life.
Vicki lives with her husband, Peter Broadbent, and two children, Oliver and Alexander who often appear on TV and online with her.

</doc>
<doc id="56784808" url="?curid=56784808" title="ROTTENGRAFFTY">
ROTTENGRAFFTY

Rottengraffty (ロットングラフティー), stylized as ЯOTTENGR∀FFTY, is a Japanese rock band from Kyoto formed in 1999. Their musical style mixes alternative rock, heavy metal, electronica, hip hop and reggae. They have had a top ten album and several top twenty singles on the Oricon charts. Their song, 70cm Shiho no Madobe (70cm四方の窓辺), was used as the 10th ending theme song for the anime, Dragon Ball Super.

</doc>
<doc id="56784815" url="?curid=56784815" title="Kristin De Troyer">
Kristin De Troyer

Kristin Mimi Lieve Leen De Troyer (born 26 May 1963 in Ninove) is Old Testament scholar, theologian, writer and a honorary professor who has taught at different universities such as the University of Salzburg and Claremont School of Theology. She is an editor of several academic publications, and a researcher of the Hebrew Bible, the Septuagint, Judaism and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Biography.
K. De Troyer was Born 1963 in Ninove, Belgium.
Education.
De Troyer holds a B.A. in Religious Studies (Leuven, Belgium, 1983), a B.A. in Philosophy (Leuven, 1984), a B.A. in Theology (Leuven, 1986), a M.A. in Religious Studies (Leuven, 1986), Diploma Religious Education (Leuven, 1986), M.A. in Theology (Leuven, 1987) and a Ph.D. (Leiden University, The Netherlands, 1997).
Teaching work.
She was research assistant (1987 to 1989) in the Department of Old Testament at Catholic University of Leuven. Later, from 1989 to 1998 she taught as lecturer in Old Testament at Catholic Seminary Breda (1997-1998 subject group leader). From 1998 to 2008, she taught as professor of Hebrew Bible and Old Testament at Claremont School of Theology and Claremont Graduate University. Before her current appointment, she has worked from 1998 to 2008 as professor of Hebrew Bible at the Claremont School of Theology in Claremont, California. She became a professor of Old Testament and Hebrew Bible at the University of St Andrews from 2008 to 2015. In 2010 and 2011, she was a guest-lecturer at the Septuagint-Unternehmen (Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities, University of Göttingen). From 2013 to 2015 she was Dean of Arts &amp; Divinity at the University of St Andrews, Scotland. Since 2015 De Troyer has been honorary professor of Hebrew Bible and Old Testament at the University of St. Andrews School of Divinity and Professor of Old Testament in Salzburg.
Editorial work.
De Troyer is co-editor of the international Vandenhoeck &amp; Ruprecht academic publication series for Septuagint research, "De Septuaginta Investigationes". She is also editor in chief, together with Geert Van Oyen, of the series "Contributions to Biblical Exegesis and Theology", published by Peeters in Louvain, Deuterocanonical and Cognate Studies, published by de Gruyter, in Berlin. Together with Friedrich Reiterer and in collaboration with Reinhard Feldmeier she edits the journal Biblische Notizen / Biblical Notes. She is also a member of the editorial boards of the academic journals "Textus", "Journal for the Study of the Old Testament" and "Journal of Ancient Judaism." From 2014 to 2019 De Troyer served as a member of the scientific advisory board for the Finnish Academy's Centre of Excellence "Changes in Sacred Texts and Traditions". Since 2019 she is a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts.
From 2015 to 2019 De Troyer was president of the European Society of Women in Theological Research.
Research.
Kristin De Troyer's research focuses on the Septuagint and the textual history of the Hebrew Bible. Her publications deal especially with the various Hebrew and Greek versions of the Book of Joshua and the Book of Esther. A central conclusion in De Troyer's research is that the processes of rewriting are similar between biblical textual witnesses and those early Jewish texts that were not included in the biblical canon. She has, for example, demonstrated that the initial Septuagint translation, the Old Greek text, of Josh 10 was translated from an earlier Hebrew source text than the Masoretic Text, which is used in most modern editions of the Hebrew Bible. According to her, the Masoretic Text reflects later redactional reworking of this shorter Hebrew source text.
Manuscripts.
De Troyer has edited for publication two 2nd century CE Greek papyri from the Schøyen Collection: containing Josh 9:27-11:2 and MS 2649 containing parts of Leviticus. MS 2648 is the earliest extant Septuagint Joshua manuscript and preserves a text predating the Hexaplaric revision of Origen and is considered a witness to the Old Greek text.

</doc>
<doc id="56784836" url="?curid=56784836" title="Wañuma">
Wañuma


</doc>
<doc id="56784850" url="?curid=56784850" title="Joseph Mora">
Joseph Mora

Joseph Martín Mora Cortéz (born 15 January 1993) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Major League Soccer club D.C. United and the Costa Rica national team.
Club career.
Early career.
Mora made his senior debut with Belén in Costa Rica, at the end of the 2011 Invierno. He finished the year with 15 appearances, including a run of 11 starts in the Verano tournament. After the season, Mora moved to C.S. Uruguay, who were promoted from the second division. He made 10 appearances in the Invierno as Uruguay finished three points from qualifying for the second stage, but made just one appearance in the Verano and returned to Belén after the season. The 2013–14 season would be his best with Belén, as he made 34 appearances with the club, including 21 out of 22 in the Invierno.
Saprissa.
In advance of the 2015 Verano, Mora was signed by Costa Rican giants Deportivo Saprissa, who were just coming off a tournament victory in the Invierno. Mora made his debut on March 2 against UCR, and would go on to make 4 appearances in the league that season with Saprissa. He also tallied his first CONCACAF Champions League appearance, coming off the bench against Mexican side Club América at the Estadio Azteca. Saprissa qualified for the second stage by finishing first in the Verano, but lost to Alajuelense in a reversal of the events which occurred in the Invierno. After the season, Mora was invited to train with Polish club Legia Warsaw, but he remained with Saprissa. Mora was unused by Saprissa the following season until December while he was away with Costa Rica's olympic qualifying team. He appeared in the club's final two games of the season, and following the suspension center-back Andrés Imperiale due to yellow card accumulation, Mora was given an opportunity to start in the second leg of the semifinal against Herediano. Saprissa lost 2–0, but advanced to the final against Alajuelense. Mora came off the bench in the first leg to replace Imperiale, and Saprissa would go on to win their 32nd league title. An injury early in the following campaign to regular left-back Francisco Calvo opened the door for Mora, and he was given a run of 7 starts by manager Carlos Watson, who was his former manager at Uruguay. Mora was given one more start the rest of the season, but an injury to Calvo allowed Mora to appear in the second stage against Alajuelense. However, Mora picked up his fifth yellow card of the season in the first leg, and was suspended for the second leg as Saprissa bowed out of the competition.
Mora appeared in 11 games in the 2016 Invierno, and appeared 4 times in the first season of the league's new format, the quadrangular, which Saprissa won. As regular season champions, Saprissa did not have to play in a two-legged final, and directly won their 33rd league title. Mora also appeared in two of "La S"'s group stage matches in the CONCACAF Champions League, as Saprissa advanced past Portland Timbers of MLS and C.D. Dragón of El Salvador. Following Calvo's departure to Minnesota United, Mora began the 2017 Verano as Saprissa's left-back. He picked up an injury on February 5 against Alajuelense, but he returned to fitness in time to face CF Pachuca in the quarterfinals of the Champions League on February 22. The first leg finished 0–0, although Saprissa had a claim for a penalty when Mora was taken down in the area by Érick Aguirre Mora would miss the quarterfinal due to injury, and ended up missing the next five league matches before returning on March 24 against UCR. Mora finished with 14 appearances in the first stage, which Saprissa won, and started the first five matches of the quadrangular, picking up an injury against Herediano. He recovered in time for the second leg of the final against Herediano, but was substituted off as Saprissa lost 5–0 on aggregate. Mora would make 14 appearances the following season, including scoring his first goal for the club against Liberia on November 19. He made 5 appearances in the now renamed Clausura, in addition to starting both legs of their Champions League duel with Club América before making his move to the United States. 
D.C. United.
Mora was acquired by Major League Soccer side D.C. United on March 7, 2018, joining former Saprissa teammate Ulises Segura, who was signed in December. Interested in Mora earlier in the off-season, United had to wait for Saprissa's Champions League hopes to fade, which happened after they lost the first leg against América 4–0. His touch, athleticism, and attacking prowess all lauded by the club, United were keen to incorporate Mora, and he was inserted as the team's left-back ahead of Oniel Fisher after less than two weeks of training, making his debut on March 17 against Houston Dynamo. Mora was sent off in his sixth game for the club, coming on May 12 against Real Salt Lake. Following his suspension, Mora was left on the bench by manager Ben Olsen, but was immediately called into action when Nick DeLeon picked up what ended up being a long-term knee injury against Los Angeles FC on May 27. Mora started the team's final 20 games at left-back, as D.C. United surged to a fifth place finish in the Eastern Conference on the back of their long run of home games at the new Audi Field and their summer acquisition of former England forward Wayne Rooney. D.C. United lost in the first round of the playoffs against Columbus Crew SC on penalties.
On March 31, Joseph's jaw was broken during a game against Orlando City SC. After nearly out for three months, Mora finally returned to the field for D.C. United in a U.S. Open Cup game against the Philadelphia Union on June 12, 2019. After returning to the squad, Mora appeared 16 times in the remaining 17 regular season games, starting in 14 of the games. Mora and D.C. United finished 5th place in the eastern conference, and was set to face Toronto FC in the 2019 MLS Cup Playoffs. Mora started against Toronto and was subbed off for Emmanuel Boateng in the 87th minute. D.C. United lost to Toronto 5-1, ending D.C. United's 2019 season.
In the beginning of the 2020 season, Mora started in the season-opener against the Colorado Rapids. The next week Mora suffered a hamstring injury during a game against Inter Miami. 
International career.
Mora appeared in the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup and the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup, starting all of the team's matches in both tournaments. He also appeared in the 2011 CONCACAF U-20 Championship which served as the qualifying tournament for the U-20 World Cup. Costa Rica advanced to the final of that tournament against Mexico, and Mora scored the opening goal of the match. Costa Rica conceded a minute later, and Mexico went on to win 3–1. Mora's third tournament of 2011 would be the Pan American Games, in which Costa Rica finished fourth. Mora played with the under-21 team at the 2013 Central American Games in Costa Rica, as the hosts finished runners-up to Honduras. Mora was not included in the squad for the 2013 CONCACAF U-20 Championship, but did appear in the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games in Veracruz as Costa Rica went out in the group stage. Mora played in the 2015 Toulon Tournament with Costa Rica, who did not advance out of the group stage. Mora took part in Costa Rica's attempt to qualify for the Olympics in 2016. They advanced out of Central American qualifying zone, but fell in the group stage at the CONCACAF Qualifying Championship.
Having amassed 38 youth caps, Mora was given his first senior call-up for a set of friendlies in November against Chile and Peru. He made his debut against Chile, coming on as a late substitute for Rónald Matarrita.
Personal life.
On August 2, 2019, Mora obtained a Green card.
Honours.
Saprissa

</doc>
<doc id="56784856" url="?curid=56784856" title="Apachita Limani">
Apachita Limani


</doc>
<doc id="56784885" url="?curid=56784885" title="SHE Teams">
SHE Teams

SHE Teams is a division of Telangana Police for enhanced safety and security of women. They also work to prevent child marriages in Telangana State. The teams work in small groups to arrest eve teasers, stalkers and harassers. They operate mainly in busy public areas in Hyderabad.
They respond to complaints delivered by WhatsApp and through social media.
History.
SHE Teams stands for Safety, Health and Environment. The division was started on 24 October 2014, is a brainchild of Chief Minister of Telangana, K. Chandrashekar Rao who was impressed by a similar initiative in Singapore. Additional Commissioner, Hyderabad, Swathi Lakra heading the division ever since its inception.
The Teams.
A team comprises an Assistant Sub-Inspector (ASI), who acts as a lead with four to five male and female constables in each Zone, they all work under Assistant DCP rank woman police officer. They work undercover.
The cases related to harassment of women under Rachakonda commissionerate had come down by 85 percent. The 24×7 monitoring by the teams, conducting decoy operations, SHE Shuttles, Margadarshak and counselling sessions are proving to be effective in curbing the crime rate.
Case lodging.
As a deterrent, the first time offenders are mostly booked under petty cases like Sec 290 IPC and Sec 70 (c) of the Hyderabad city police act.
More serious and repeat offenders are likely to be booked under 509 IPC (word act or gesture intended to insult the modesty of a woman), section 354IPC (assault or criminal force on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty), could potentially lead to an offence under section 376 (rape).
Expansion.
In Hyderabad, there are 100 teams in operation by March 2018. The division is present in Adilabad, Nizamabad. It is being expanded to other districts in Telangana State.

</doc>
<doc id="56784886" url="?curid=56784886" title="Anthony Forde (disambiguation)">
Anthony Forde (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56784919" url="?curid=56784919" title="Bessie Hatton">
Bessie Hatton

Bessie Lyle Hatton (22 November 1867 – 25 March 1964) was an English actress, playwright, journalist, and feminist, and took part in the struggle for women's suffrage in the United Kingdom.
Life.
Hatton was born on 22 November 1867 in Claines, Worcestershire. Her father was Joseph Hatton, a novelist and journalist, and her mother was Louisa Johnson, her elder brother was explorer Frank Hatton. She was educated at a convent school in Ardennes and at Bedford College, London, however she left college to join Frank Benson's company who were performing Shakespeare.
On the advice of her father and despite her concerns that it might interfere with her acting career, Hatton authored several popular works of fiction, including "The Village of Youth and Other Fairytales" (1895) and her play "Before Sunrise". This play was staged at the Royal Albert Hall on 11 December 1909 for the Women's Freedom League.
In June 1908 she and fellow actress and writer Cicely Mary Hamilton founded the Women Writers' Suffrage League. The organisation was open to both men and women, and each affiliation. Hatton was the organising secretary, took part in events, and organised entertainment for the suffrage meetings.
When World War I broke out, The Women Writers Suffrage League helped establish a library at Endell Street Military Hospital, and helped organise recreation at the hospital. Hatton never married, and would go on to die on 25 March 1964.
External links.
Anna Andes analyses 'Before Sunrise' in her essay 'Burgeoning New Women of Suffrage Drama: Envisioning an Autonomous Self' http://www.thelatchkey.org/Latchkey6/essay/Andes.htm in The Latchkey: Journal of New Women Studies

</doc>
<doc id="56784923" url="?curid=56784923" title="Kilsbach (Gersprenz)">
Kilsbach (Gersprenz)


</doc>
<doc id="56784927" url="?curid=56784927" title="Mulikat Adeola Akande">
Mulikat Adeola Akande

Mulikat Adeola Akande (born 11 November 1960) is a Nigerian politician and Senatorial aspirant. She was elected into the House of Representatives on the platform of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) representing Ogbomoso North, South and Orire Constituency in the year 2007 and re-elected in 2011.
Early life and education.
Mulikat Adeola was born on November 11, 1960 in Kaduna the northern part of Nigeria to Alhaji and Alhaja, Akande who are both deceased, and were a part of the Jokodolu family. She attended St. Annes’ Primary School and Queen Amina College in Kaduna. After her secondary education, she proceeded to College of Arts and Science in Zaria for her A levels and thereafter went to Ahmadu Bello University, (ABU) in 1979, where she read Law and obtained her LLB in 1982 with second class upper division. She went to the Nigeria Law School and was called to bar in 1983. She later went to the University of Lagos for her second degree in Law (Masters of Law) in 1985.
Politics.
Allege threat to life: They minister of Youth and Sports Development, Chief Sunday Dare warned that noting untoward must happen to Mrs. Mulikat Akande after she raised an alarm that her life was under threat.

</doc>
<doc id="56784951" url="?curid=56784951" title="Suri Phuju">
Suri Phuju


</doc>
<doc id="56784955" url="?curid=56784955" title="Orsolina Montevecchi">
Orsolina Montevecchi

Orsolina Montevecchi (18 March 1911 – 1 February 2009) was an Italian papyrologist.
Life and career.
Montevecchi was born in Gambettola, Forlì-Cesena and graduated from the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore with a thesis on sociological research in the papyri from Graeco-Roman Egypt. Since 1950 she worked first as a lecturer and then as a professor at the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore, where she spent the rest of her career. She was the author of numerous publications on the topic of Graeco-Roman Egypt, sociological studies in papyrology and provenance studies.
She was also the chief editor of Italian journal of Egyptology and papyrology, "Aegyptus" (1969–2002) and a member of the Association Internationale de Papyrologues (AIP). She died in Milan in 2009, aged 97.

</doc>
<doc id="56784956" url="?curid=56784956" title="Schola Cantorum (band)">
Schola Cantorum (band)


</doc>
<doc id="56784962" url="?curid=56784962" title="National hero of Indonesia">
National hero of Indonesia


</doc>
<doc id="56784963" url="?curid=56784963" title="Freddie Martinez">
Freddie Martinez


</doc>
<doc id="56784968" url="?curid=56784968" title="Hi-5 (American band)">
Hi-5 (American band)


</doc>
<doc id="56784985" url="?curid=56784985" title="Fort McKay/Albian Aerodrome">
Fort McKay/Albian Aerodrome


</doc>
<doc id="56784988" url="?curid=56784988" title="Saana Svärd">
Saana Svärd

Saana Svärd (born 1977) is a Finnish Assyriologist, serving since 2018 as Associate Professor of Ancient Near Eastern Studies in the Faculty of Arts and the University of Helsinki. She is known as an expert on the cultural history of the ancient Near East, most notably the Neo-Assyrian Empire, social and political power relations, and ancient concepts of gender, but also in the field of language technology and digital humanities. Most recently, in 2017, she wrote together with Charles Halton the anthology "Women's Writing of Ancient Mesopotamia: An Anthology of the Earliest Female Author" (Cambridge University Press).
Biography.
Svärd received her Ph.D. from the University of Helsinki in 2012 and is a docent of Assyriology in that same university and a docent in Cultural History of the Near East at the University of Turku. She has held visiting research positions at the University of California, Berkeley, the University of Tartu, the University of Innsbruck, Chuo University (Tokyo) and the University of Malta. She is a member of the Centre of Excellence in Changes in Sacred Texts and Traditions (director: Martti Nissinen), and a member of the Academy Project "Semantic Domains in Akkadian Texts" (director: Krister Lindén).
Since 2018, Svärd is the director of the Academy of Finland Centre of Excellence in Ancient Near Eastern Empires, an interdisciplinary research centre at the University of Helsinki that focuses on how changing imperial dynamics through the periods of Neo-Assyrian, Neo-Babylonian, Persian, Hellenistic, and early Roman/Parthian control impact social group identities and lifeways during the first millennium BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="56784993" url="?curid=56784993" title="Fort McKay/Firebag Aerodrome">
Fort McKay/Firebag Aerodrome


</doc>
<doc id="56785002" url="?curid=56785002" title="Fort McKay/Horizon Airport">
Fort McKay/Horizon Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56785015" url="?curid=56785015" title="New York Opera Orchestra">
New York Opera Orchestra


</doc>
<doc id="56785018" url="?curid=56785018" title="The Casagrandes">
The Casagrandes

The Casagrandes is an American animated comedy television series developed by Michael Rubiner and Michael Puga that premiered on Nickelodeon on October 14, 2019, and is a spinoff of "The Loud House" which follows the adventures of Ronnie Anne, her brother Bobby Santiago, and their family living in the fictional Great Lakes City.
The show has been renewed for a third season.
Premise.
Having moved to Great Lakes City back in "The Loud House" episode "The Loudest Mission: Relative Chaos", Ronnie Anne Santiago, her older brother Bobby, and their mother Maria move in with their extended family called the Casagrandes consisting of the grandparents Hector and Rosa, aunt and uncle Frida and Carlos, their cousins Carlota, C.J., Carl, and Carlitos, and their pets Lalo and Sergio. Ronnie Anne meets new friends like Sid Chang, expresses more about her relatives, and explores the endless possibilities in Great Lakes City. Bobby helps Hector run the mercado (another word for bodega) as he discovers similarities with his family's quirky neighbors.
Production.
On March 6, 2018, it was announced that Nickelodeon was developing a spinoff of "The Loud House" under the working title of "Los Casagrandes". On July 2, 2018, it was announced that Nickelodeon officially green-lit the comedy series with a 20-episode order. On February 14, 2019, it was announced that "The Casagrandes", formerly "Los Casagrandes", would premiere in October 2019. 
On May 7, 2019, it was announced that Eugenio Derbez, Ken Jeong, Melissa Joan Hart, Leah Mei Gold, and Lexi Sexton joined the voice cast. Mike Rubiner serves as executive producer, while Karen Malach serves as producer. On September 4, 2019, it was announced that the series would premiere on October 14, 2019. The series is produced by Nickelodeon.
On February 19, 2020, it was announced that the series was renewed for a second season of 20 episodes, which premiered on October 9, 2020. On September 24, 2020, it was announced that the series was renewed for a third season.

</doc>
<doc id="56785024" url="?curid=56785024" title="2020 French municipal elections">
2020 French municipal elections

The 2020 French municipal elections were held from 15 March to 28 June to renew the municipal councils of the approximately 35,000 French communes. 
The first round took place on 15 March and the second round was postponed to 28 June due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Electoral system.
Municipal elections in France result in the renewal of the members of municipal councils in every commune, and are held every 6 years. With the exception of Paris, Lyon, and Marseille, the electoral subdivision is the commune itself. In Paris, separate elections are held for each arrondissement, as is the case in Lyon, where elections are also held by arrondissement; in Marseille, elections are held within sectors containing two arrondissements each.
Election is open to European citizens living in the country, but since 2020, 800 English/British people have lost their electoral capacities due to Brexit.
The number of municipal councillors within each commune is dependent upon its population, from a minimum of 7 for communes with a population less than 100 to 69 for those with a population of 300,000 or more (with the exception of the three largest cities). The electoral system within each commune is also dependent on its population.
In communes with fewer than 1,000 inhabitants, two-round majority-at-large voting with panachage is used, with candidates elected in the first round should they receive an absolute majority of votes cast and at least a quarter of the number of individuals registered on the electoral rolls. The remaining seats are filled in the second round, in which only a plurality of votes is required to be elected. The requirement for gender parity is also void in these smaller communes.
In communes with 1,000 or more inhabitants, electoral lists contest a two-round proportional representation system with a majority bonus. Should a list receive an absolute majority of votes cast in the first round, it will receive half of all seats and the rest of the seats will be distributed proportionally among electoral lists with at least 5% of votes using the D'Hondt method. If a second round is necessitated, only lists which received at least 10% of valid votes in the first round proceed, and may merge with other lists which received at least 5% of votes cast in the first round. Seats are then allocated using the same method as the first round, guaranteeing a majority for the list with a relative majority of votes.
In the three largest cities, the election of municipal councils and arrondissement councils takes place simultaneously, and follow the same electoral method as that for communes with 1,000 or more inhabitants within each electoral division (whether arrondissement or sector). Mayors are elected in a two-round secret ballot requiring an absolute majority, and otherwise with a plurality of votes from municipal councillors if a third round is required.
The election of councillors to intercommunal structures also takes place concurrently with the municipal elections; in communes with fewer than 1,000 inhabitants, they are chosen "in the order of the table" (mayors, deputy mayors, and councillors), while in larger communes, they are elected simultaneously.
The number of municipal councillors elected in each commune is determined as a function of its population, ranging from 7 to 69 in all communes except for the three largest cities.
Opinion polls.
National.
The Harris Interactive poll was based on communes with a population of at least 10,000.
By commune.
Bordeaux.
The April 2018 and May 2019 Ifop polls were commissioned by Esprit Bordeaux, an association founded by supporters of Alain Juppé, later backing Nicolas Florian.
Lille.
First round.
The March 2019 OpinionWay poll was sponsored by The Republicans, while La République En Marche! commissioned the BVA poll conducted in October 2018, which did not specify a specific LR candidate.
Marseille.
The February 2019 Ifop poll was commissioned by "Génération engagement", the financing association of Bruno Gilles, the PollingVox polls by "l'Association des Amis de Martine Vassal" (with Bruno Gilles as a miscellaneous right candidate in June 2019), and the February 2018 Ifop poll by "Cap sur l'avenir 13", the micro-party of Renaud Muselier.
Marseille's 5th sector.
The May 2019 BVA poll was commissioned by "Les amis de Lionel Royer-Perreaut", the micro-party of its namesake.
Montpellier.
The March 2018 Ifop poll was commissioned by Mohed Altrad.
Mulhouse.
The September 2018 OpinionWay poll was paid for by the city of Mulhouse and the outgoing majority led by Michèle Lutz.
Nancy.
The June 2019 Ifop poll was conducted on behalf of the Socialist Party (PS).
Nantes.
The June 2019 Ifop poll was conducted on behalf of the Socialist Party (PS).
Nice.
First round.
The Ifop poll conducted in December 2017 tested a "miscellaneous right and centre of the municipal majority" list led by Christian Estrosi in the event that Éric Ciotti headed a list representing The Republicans (LR) as well as considering Robert Injey as heading a list for La France Insoumise, and was commissioned by "Les Amis de Christian Estrosi".
Paris.
The March 2019 Ifop poll did not name a specific EELV candidate. The January 2019 Viavoice poll was conducted for La République En Marche!, and did not test any potential candidates other than Benjamin Griveaux. The September 2018 Ifop poll scenario including Cédric Villani was commissioned by CFHJ, owned by a friend of Villani, and the June 2019 Ifop poll was also conducted on behalf of Villani.
Results.
Both La République En Marche! and National Rally lost numerous seats and mayorships. La République En Marche! managed to retain mayorship of Le Havre by the Prime minister Edouard Philippe (he resigned national position on 3 July). National Rally by itself lost about half of its representatives.
Louis Aliot became the first National Rally Mayor in Perpignan with a city of more than 100,000 people (although Aliot ran as independent). 
Les Republicains also suffered loses. Most of them were in large cities, where mayorships were lost to the Greens, although Les Republicains lost seats to the National Rally in small towns.
The Greens made significant gains in the election. They triumphed in Lyon, Marseille, Nancy, Strasbourg and Bordeaux. Anne Hidalgo and Martine Aubry retained their respective mayoralties of Paris and Lille. Including them, female candidates won in half of France's largest cities. Only 40% of the electorate participated in the second round, a significant drop from the prior local elections, likely due to concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic.
Marie Cau was elected the first transgender mayor in France, in Tilloy-lez-Marchiennes.
Communes with at least 100,000 inhabitants.
Incumbent mayors marked with an asterisk (*) are not seeking another term in 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56785027" url="?curid=56785027" title="Abiodun Olujimi">
Abiodun Olujimi

Biodun Christine Olujimi (born 25 December 1958) is a Nigerian politician. She is a senator of the Federal Republic Nigeria representing Ekiti South constituency and minority leader of the Nigerian Senate. She was a board member of Nigerian Communications Commission.
Early life and education.
She was born in Omuo Ekiti, Ekiti state, Her education started in Our Lady of Apostles in Ibadan, Oyo State and then proceeded to Nigerian Institute of Journalism to obtain a Diploma in 1976. Biodun Olujimi also bagged degrees in Political science and a Postgraduate degree in Public Relations and Marketing from the University of Abuja.
Career.
Biodun's started her career as broadcaster and journalist. During her career as a journalist, she worked with the Nigerian Tribune, Nigerian Posts and Telecommunication, Nigerian Television Authority, the Delta Steel Company, Ovwian Aladja, Reflex Concept, DBN Television and was the Manager of DBN TV from 1993 to 1997.
She joined her husband in politics in 1997 as the National Publicity Secretary of the extinct NCPN, she moved to All Progressive Congress (APC) after the extinction of her former party, and still became the National Publicity Secretary in APC.
In 2002, she joined Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and this was the beginning of her great achievements in politics. 2003 was the year she was appointed the Special Assistant to the Executive Governor of Ekiti State, from there she was elected to the Federal House of Assembly. She became the Deputy Governor of Ekiti State with Governor Ayo Fayose in 2005. 
Olujimi attained other great heights in politics; from being the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure in her state to a Director of Women Affairs. In 2015, she contested for a Senatorial seat and won, and became a senator representing the Ekiti South constituency in the National Assembly under the Peoples Democratic Party.
The Peoples Democratic Party, Ekiti State chapter appointed her as the state party leader in November 2018 to strengthen the state party in preparation for the 2019 elections.
In the 2019 General Elections, she initially lost her seat for representing Ekiti South to the APC candidate Prince Adedayo Clement Adeyeye However, the State Assembly Election Tribunal and the Appeal Court later declared her winner of the Ekiti South Senatorial District. Consequently, she was sworn into the Nigerian Senate by the Senate President on 14 November 2019. In 2020, Olujimi was involved in a verbal war with the former Governor of Ekiti state Ayodele Fayose, where she accused him of manipulating the electoral process at the Ekiti state PDP ward congress. 
Politics.
On 22 March 2021 senator Abiodun Olujimi narrated how she escaped being shot at during the violence that erupted at the House of Assembly bye-election for Ekiti East Constituency 1. The bye-election was to fill in the vacant position of Juwa Adegbuyi, a representative of the constituency who died in February.

</doc>
<doc id="56785028" url="?curid=56785028" title="Rana Ansar">
Rana Ansar

Rana Ansar is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from June 2013 to May 2018.
Early life and education.
She was born on 17 August 1966 in Hyderabad, Pakistan.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She has earned the degree of Master of Arts in Islamic Culture from the University of Sindh.
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of MQM on a reserved seat for women in 2018 Pakistani general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56785030" url="?curid=56785030" title="Biological reviews of the Cambridge Philosophical Society">
Biological reviews of the Cambridge Philosophical Society


</doc>
<doc id="56785033" url="?curid=56785033" title="2017 Kazakhstan Super Cup">
2017 Kazakhstan Super Cup

2017 Kazakhstan Super Cup was a Kazakhstan football match that was played on 4 March 2017 between the champions of 2016 Kazakhstan Premier League and 2017 Kazakhstan Cup Astana, and the Premier League &amp; Cup Runners up Kairat.

</doc>
<doc id="56785034" url="?curid=56785034" title="The Chafford School">
The Chafford School


</doc>
<doc id="56785043" url="?curid=56785043" title="Ibrahim Basha Iddris">
Ibrahim Basha Iddris


</doc>
<doc id="56785047" url="?curid=56785047" title="PWSat">
PWSat


</doc>
<doc id="56785049" url="?curid=56785049" title="PW Sat">
PW Sat


</doc>
<doc id="56785050" url="?curid=56785050" title="Rehana Leghari">
Rehana Leghari

Rehana Leghari is a Pakistani politician who is the current Deputy Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, in office since August 2018. She has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, since August 2018. Previously, she was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from June 2013 to May 2018.
Early life.
She was born in 1971 in Sujawal district.
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.
In August 2016, she was inducted into the provincial Sindh cabinet of Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah and was appointed as special assistants to Chief Minister on human rights.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PPP on a reserved seat for women in 2018 Pakistani general election. Following her successful election, PPP nominated her for the office of deputy speaker of the Sindh Assembly.&lt;ref name="dawn/12aug2018"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; On 15 August 2018, she was elected as Deputy Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh. She received 98 votes against her opponent Rabia Azfar Nizami who secured 59 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="56785052" url="?curid=56785052" title="Shakidor Dam">
Shakidor Dam


</doc>
<doc id="56785055" url="?curid=56785055" title="Nkoyo Toyo">
Nkoyo Toyo

Nkoyo Esu Toyo (born 5 November 1958) is a Nigerian politician, lawyer and development consultant with a specialty in human rights and gender equity. She is a former Nigerian ambassador to Ethiopia, and founder of the Gender and Development Action (GADA) Nigeria. She was elected to represent the Municipality/Odukpani Federal Constituency of Cross River during the 2011 elections. Nkoyo Toyo is an expert in governance with membership in many feminist groups and one of the conveners of the “10 Thousand Women’s March” in Abuja, organized by the Women4Women (W4W) He4She movement to address issues affecting women.
Education.
In 1974, Nkoyo graduated from Union Secondary School and proceeded to study law at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria Kaduna in 1975. In 1980, Nkoyo Toyo graduated from the Nigerian Law School and was called to the Nigerian Bar Association. She subsequently obtained a Master of Laws (LLM) degree from the University of Lagos in 1994. For her passion and work in advancing the status of women in Nigerian public life, Nkoyo was granted the Chevening Scholarship to study at the Institute of Development Studies (IDS), University of Sussex, where she received a Masters in Governance in 2001. From 2020 to 2021, she received a Masters in Public Administration (MPA) from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="56785056" url="?curid=56785056" title="Maxillary ectopic canines">
Maxillary ectopic canines


</doc>
<doc id="56785060" url="?curid=56785060" title="Tish Collins">
Tish Collins

Patricia 'Tish' Collins (born 1953) is Chief Executive Officer of rural women's development charity Associated Country Women of the World (ACWW). Born in London, she studied in the UK and East Germany, and worked for the National Farmers' Union and several charities before starting with ACWW in 2014.
Early life and studies.
Tish Collins was born in London in December 1953, to a family of mixed Irish and British heritage. She studied at the University of Liverpool for bachelor's degree in Economics and Economic History, and completed an MSc in Agricultural Economics at Wye College, University of London in 1978. She undertook post-graduate research comparing the agricultural policies and structures of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance and EU at the University of Rostock (formerly the Wilhelm-Pieck Universitat) in Rostock, East Germany in 1977 and 1978.
Ms Collins worked as a researcher for the Policy Studies Institute in London, before joining the National Farmer's Union as Principal Secretary of the Intensive Livestock Division.
Work with charities.
Between 1988 and 2005, Ms Collins was the Librarian of the Marx Memorial Library on London's historic Clerkenwell Green. During this time she supervised an extensive renovation and restoration programme. Her contributions to a large number of publications and television programmes included '"The Pankhursts: The History of One Radical Family"' by Martin Pugh and "'Abel: The True Story of the Spy They Traded for Gary Powers"' by Vin Arthey.
Tish left the Marx Memorial Library in 2005 to take up the post of Director at the London Irish Women's Centre, a support service for women of the Irish diaspora. The Centre provided counseling and advice services for these women, as well as providing a focal point for information for those in need. After five years, she left London and moved to Lichfield in the Midlands. Here she took up the role of Director of Fundraising at Lichfield Cathedral. Having raised more than £1,000,000 for the restoration of the Cathedral's Herkenrode Glass during her four year tenure, she left the Cathedral in May 2014.
In her new role as Operations Manager, and latterly Chief Executive Officer, at the Associated Country Women of the World, Tish leads the Central Office team of the world's largest rural women's development organisation. Working alongside World President Ruth Shanks , she is responsible for the maintenance and development of a network spanning more than 79 countries, hundreds of development projects and an advocacy programme in support of ACWW's consultative status with UN agencies including UNESCO, ECOSOC and UNICEF.

</doc>
<doc id="56785069" url="?curid=56785069" title="Energica Ego">
Energica Ego

The Energica Ego is an electrically propelled sport road motorcycle designed and marketed by Energica Motor Company. It is claimed by Energica to be the world's first street-legal electric Italian sport motorcycle. The prototype was finished in 2013 and the vehicle came into the market in 2015. The prototype made use of new technologies such as CNC and 3D-printing, including the dashboard and headlights which were 3D-printed.
Design.
The Ego is an all-electric motorcycle. It has a 107 kW motor with 200 N⋅m of torque (at low RPM) giving it a top speed of 240 km/h. The motor is powered by an 11.7 kW⋅h battery. The Ego weighs approximately 258–280 kg, contributed to by the heavy battery.
It has four-level adjustable engine braking, which is also regenerative. The motor is situated near the cast aluminium swing-arm and side-mounted mono shock. Projector headlamps are used for headlights. The dashboard is a 109.22 mm TFT display.
Before 2017, it had a 136 hp electric motor with 180 Nm torque. However, the naked sibling 'Eva' produces 108 hp which was 95 hp before 2017. They are also EURO IV compliant after 2017. The price was also reduced to approximately £20,000.
The bike has a tubular steel trellis frame partly visible despite the fairings.
Upgraded again in 2019, they are equipped with an electric throttle that can read adjustments down to tenths of mrad. Other electronic features such as "silent charging" and heated hand grips were also added.
Performance.
The Ego reaches 0–100 km/h in 3 seconds. It has 43 mm Marzocchi suspension in front along with parking assist and Brembo brakes with features such as ABS and anti-rollover systems. According to some reviewers, the suspension is relatively softly calibrated. It has a controller named a "VCU" by Energica, similar to an ESC. It is claimed to be controlling all aspects - from battery to engine (including engine braking) by Energica.
The EGO has a range of approximately 160 km under normal use (190 km in "eco" mode).
The battery can be recharged to 85% in 30 minutes at fast charging station (mode 4, DC fast charge), or 100% in 3 and half hours (mode 2 or 3, 240V). However, it takes 8 hours to full charge on standard US power supply of 120V. The battery life is 1200 cycles at 80% capacity.
Production.
The first prototype was finished by Energica in 2013, and the vehicle went into production later with sales starting from 2015. According to "Top Speed", currently it is facing "Inventory shortage" as the production is less than demand.
MotoGP.
An electric motorcycle class (MotoE) was added to MotoGP in 2019. It is a single make class, unlike races between different manufacturers. A performance oriented model Ego Corsa is used for MotoE.
Ego Corsa.
It is the race track variant of the Ego with Michelin tires and performance tweaks. According to Energica, its motor produces 120 kW (previously 110 kW) continuous power and 200 Nm torque, reaching a top speed of 168 mph (previously 155 mph). Acceleration from 0 to 60 mph is less than 2.8 seconds. According to "Power" and "Top speed", the race track Ego will have a power at least 149PS and top speed of 175 mph (281 km/h).
The battery is 20 kWh lithium ion, lighter and more compact than standard Ego.
The power output is comparable to the Moto2 class (three-cylinder 765 cc); however, due to the heavier weight of the bikes because of the batteries, the power-to-weight ratio is comparatively closer to the Moto3 class (single-cylinder 250 cc). Of the four circuits used so far, only the hilly Red Bull Ring has resulted in quicker laptimes than the Moto3 class, with the electric bikes typically being 1–1.5 seconds per lap slower.
The longest race so far has been .
Ego 45.
On 45th anniversary of Energica's parent company, CRP Group, a special version of Energica Ego, the Ego 45, was introduced at Top Marques Monaco 2014 show.

</doc>
<doc id="56785070" url="?curid=56785070" title="Sashi Bhusan Rath">
Sashi Bhusan Rath

Sashi Bhusan Rath was a social reformer, industrialist, politician and editor/co-founder of the Dainik Asha newspaper (The 1st Odia daily), published from Brahmapur. Among the Odia people he was known as Ganjam Byaghra, which means The Tiger of Ganjam.
Early life.
He was born in Surada. Rath was the second son of Lambodara Mahapatra. By order of his grandfather Nilakantha Mahapatra, Sashi was adopted by his uncle Digambara Rath. So, from his childhood, he used "Rath" as his surname. There are institutions which bears his name such as "Government Sashi Bhusan High School" in Surada and Sashi Bhusan Rath (Auto.) Women's College in Brahmapur.
Career.
He was elected Vice-chairman of the former Berhampur Municipality and later elected as Public Representative from the Ganjam district to Madras Assembly Council during the British Raj. He briefly worked as a manager of Utkal Tannery, which was established by Madhusudan Das.

</doc>
<doc id="56785074" url="?curid=56785074" title="Garvary (Corlough)">
Garvary (Corlough)

Garvary () is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland. It lies in the Roman Catholic parish of Corlough and barony of Tullyhaw.
Geography.
Garvary is bounded on the north by Curraghabweehan townland, on the west by Corraclassy and Corranierna townlands, on the south by Derry Beg townland and on the east by Derryvahan and Scrabby, Corlough townlands. Its chief geographical features are the Owensallagh river (A source of the River Blackwater, County Cavan), forestry plantations, mountain streams and dug wells. Garvary is traversed by the R202 road (Ireland) and rural lanes. The townland covers 108 statute acres.
History.
In earlier times the townland was probably uninhabited as it consists mainly of bog and poor clay soils. It was not seized by the English during the Plantation of Ulster in 1610 or in the Cromwellian Settlement of the 1660s so some dispossessed Irish families moved there and began to clear and farm the land.
A deed dated 13 Nov 1738 includes: "Garrohullaugh". 
A deed dated 30 April 1740 by Thomas Enery includes: "Garvallah". 
The 1790 Cavan Carvaghs list spells the name as "Lorga".
A map of the townland drawn in 1813 is in the National Archives of Ireland, Beresford Estate Maps, depicts the townland as "Garworragh", "Gorworragh" and "Lurgy".
The Tithe Applotment Books for 1826 list four tithepayers in the townland.
The Garvary Valuation Office Field books are available for September 1839.
In 1841 the population of the townland was 56, being 31 males and 25 females. There were ten houses in the townland, all of which were inhabited.
In 1851 the population of the townland was 49, being 21 males and 28 females, the reduction being due to the Great Famine (Ireland). There were seven houses in the townland and all were inhabited. 
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists ten landholders in the townland.
In 1861 the population of the townland was 38, being 19 males and 19 females. There were six houses in the townland and all were inhabited.
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are six families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are six families listed in the townland.

</doc>
<doc id="56785080" url="?curid=56785080" title="Ljubica Zivkovic Jocic">
Ljubica Zivkovic Jocic


</doc>
<doc id="56785085" url="?curid=56785085" title="SHE Team">
SHE Team


</doc>
<doc id="56785093" url="?curid=56785093" title="Peace Uzoamaka Nnaji">
Peace Uzoamaka Nnaji

Peace Uzoamaka Nnaji (born 28 December 1952 in Enugu State) is a Nigerian politician. She was first elected on the platform of the People's Democratic Party in 2007 and had her second sojourn in 2011 in the Nigerian House of Representatives.
Education.
She had Diploma in Social Work from University of Nigeria, Nsukka
Political career.
Nnaji was first elected to the Nigerian House of Representatives in 2007 and was re-elected in 2011.
She represented Nkanu East/Nkanu West in House of Representatives from 29 May 2011 - 29 May 2015
Nnaji was mentioned by "Vanguard" as one of the "Women who will shape the Seventh National Assembly". In the article, she discussed wanting to "exploit her legislative experience to attract more projects to her constituency and [shape] events in the House". She was one of 11 women who were elected in 2007 who were re-elected in 2011 when the lower house was nearly 95% male. Other women elected included Mulikat Adeola-Akande, Abike Dabiri, Nkiru Onyeagocha, Uche Ekwunife, Nnena Elendu-Ukeje, Olajumoke Okoya-Thomas, Beni Lar, Khadija Bukar Abba-Ibrahim, Elizabeth Ogbaga and Juliet Akano.
She was appointed Commissioner for Gender Affairs and Social Development for Enugu State in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56785097" url="?curid=56785097" title="Ljubica Živković">
Ljubica Živković

Ljubica Živković (25 September 1936 – 13 June 2017), née Jocić, was a Serbian and Yugoslav chess player who held the title of Woman International master (WIM, 1966). She was a winner of the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championship (1959).
Biography.
Ljubica Živković was born in Bukovac, where she finished elementary school and then secondary economics school in Novi Sad. She was employed in Sarajevo, where she spent two years and then returned to Novi Sad, where she worked at Yugoslavian company "Naftagaspromet" information center until retirement.
She learned chess early in her youth, and she joined the Novi Sad Chess Club in 1953 when she moved to Novi Sad. She won several times at the Women's Championship of Vojvodina, and in 1959 in Zagreb she won the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championship. In 1966, Ljubica Živković was awarded the FIDE International Women Master (WIM) title. In 1973, she participated in the Women's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournament in Menorca and ranked 16th place. For her main Novi Sad chess club (NŠK) she played about 150 official matches, with a high percentage of performance. Most of her wins contributed to the club's biggest successes. Together with Dušica Čejić, playing for NŠK, she won the first cup in Yugoslavia's chess cup in Pula in 1979.
Unfortunately, due to family and business reasons and poor support of chess structures, Ljubica Živković was chessfully dealing with amateurishness and did not use her great chess potential. According to some estimates, she could enter the very top of the world women's chess.
After completing her chess player career, Ljubica Živković was known as chess arbitr. She was awarded the title of the International Chess Arbitr in 1984, and she served as deputy chief arbitr and chief arbitr of the 29th Chess Olympiad (women) in Novi Sad in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="56785113" url="?curid=56785113" title="Ljubica Jocić">
Ljubica Jocić


</doc>
<doc id="56785121" url="?curid=56785121" title="Dom Manuel de Portugal">
Dom Manuel de Portugal


</doc>
<doc id="56785124" url="?curid=56785124" title="Anton Aleksandrovich Utkin">
Anton Aleksandrovich Utkin

Anton Aleksandrovich Utkine (Russian: ) is a Russian writer and director of documentary film born on March 24, 1967, in Moscow.
Biography.
Anton Utkin was born on March 24, 1967 in Moscow where he has always lived. During his high school years, he also attended classes at the Gnessine School of Music. After his military service, he studied at the Faculty of History of Moscow State University, Department of Source Studies of Russian History.
Writer.
He started to work on his first novel at the same time as he was working on his final dissertation. His first novel Horovod (Round dance), published in the Novy mir literary magazine in 1996, was one of the six finalists of the Russian Booker Prize in 1997, one of the most important literary awards in Russia. In 1998 Utkin released his second novel, Samoučki (The Autodidacts), also published by Novy Mir. These two novels made his name known. They have been translated into French, German and Chinese. According to Marc Weinstein, a French specialist in Russian literature, the two novels of Anton Outkine "overcome the psychological and social darkness of the last two decades of the twentieth century and introduce us to an expression of literary vitalisme".
Director.
After obtaining a master's degree in history in 1992, three years later Utkin entered the script department of the Higher Courses of Scriptwriters and Directors under the State Television Committee (studio of Natalia Ryazantseva) where he became interested in documentary films. In 2005, he finished his first documentary Step (The Steppe).
Literary works.
Today Anton Outkine is the author of five novels and five documentary films as well as novelas and short stories.
Notes and references.
https://www.antonutkin.net/

</doc>
<doc id="56785129" url="?curid=56785129" title="Stone Circles (Hong Kong)">
Stone Circles (Hong Kong)


</doc>
<doc id="56785133" url="?curid=56785133" title="Lucretia Johanna van Winter">
Lucretia Johanna van Winter

Lucretia Johanna van Winter (April 15, 1785 – February 28, 1845) was a Dutch art collector.
Winter was born in Amsterdam as the oldest child of the wealthy merchant Pieter van Winter who received visitors to his art gallery that he had installed at the rear of his house "Saxenburg", Keizersgracht 244. He had purchased the house for the astronomical sum of Dfl. 100,000 from Jean de Neufville. In 1800 her mother died and in 1807 her father died, leaving the collection as it then was in the family home, the portraits of which became the property of Lucretia's brother. The rest of the paintings were to be divided between Lucretia and her younger sister Anna Louisa, who would later amass her own art collection.
After her brother's marriage Lucretia bought the house Herengracht 440 in 1809. Her father's art gallery remained available for viewing at her parents’ home (now her brother's residence) and were to be split after the youngest sister Anna Louisa came of age. Anna Louisa took her portion of the collection when she married jonkheer Willem van Loon in 1815, but Lucretia had already made her first art purchases since 1810 with a view to forming her own art gallery and united her half of her father's collection with this modest collection of her own. She continued collecting in her own name until 1820, purchasing in total 71 paintings on her own. In 1822 at the age of 37 Lucretia married Hendrik Six van Hillegom (1790-1847) and the couple moved into his house at Herengracht 509-511. After that all art purchases were made in his name, but it is assumed that she remained an avid collector since there are no records of him making art purchases before his marriage. 
Among the most notable of the paintings Lucretia bought herself are Vermeer's "Milkmaid" and "The Little Street". After the death of Lucretia the collection went to her husband and on his death in 1847 it fell to their sons. In 1877 the heirs of Anna Louisa sold the Van Loon-Winter collection as a block to the Paris Rothschild family, which caused a stir in the Dutch papers (it included the "Pendant portraits of Maerten Soolmans and Oopjen Coppit", among others). When Lucretia's children died her grandchildren also expected to sell the collection, but a large portion was acquired by the Rijksmuseum amidst debates about the value. They accepted an offer from the heirs for Vermeer's milkmaid plus 38 other paintings for Dfl. 750.000.

</doc>
<doc id="56785134" url="?curid=56785134" title="Settlement of Chokurdakh">
Settlement of Chokurdakh


</doc>
<doc id="56785137" url="?curid=56785137" title="Olympic Athletes from Russia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics">
Olympic Athletes from Russia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56785140" url="?curid=56785140" title="Rukhsana Shah">
Rukhsana Shah

Rukhsana Shah is a Pakistani politician who had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, from 2008 to May 2018.
Early life and education.
She was born on 1 June 1959 in Thatta.&lt;ref name="pas/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She has earned the degree of Bachelor of Education,&lt;ref name="pas/2008"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Master of Arts in Economics, and Master of Arts in Islamic Culture, all from the University of Sindh.
Political career.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) on a reserved seat for women in 2008 Pakistani general election.
She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PPP on a reserved seat for women in 2013 Pakistani general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56785142" url="?curid=56785142" title="Don't Approach Me">
Don't Approach Me


</doc>
<doc id="56785143" url="?curid=56785143" title="I lunghi giorni dell'odio">
I lunghi giorni dell'odio


</doc>
<doc id="56785147" url="?curid=56785147" title="Trans. Camb. Phil. Soc.">
Trans. Camb. Phil. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785148" url="?curid=56785148" title="Trans Camb Phil Soc">
Trans Camb Phil Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785158" url="?curid=56785158" title="Biol. Rev. Camb. Phil. Soc.">
Biol. Rev. Camb. Phil. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785159" url="?curid=56785159" title="Biol Rev Camb Phil Soc">
Biol Rev Camb Phil Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785160" url="?curid=56785160" title="Western Daily Mercury">
Western Daily Mercury


</doc>
<doc id="56785164" url="?curid=56785164" title="Math Proc Camb Phil Soc">
Math Proc Camb Phil Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785165" url="?curid=56785165" title="Math. Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc.">
Math. Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785169" url="?curid=56785169" title="Brünnlitz labor camp">
Brünnlitz labor camp

The Brünnlitz labor camp () was a forced labor camp of Nazi Germany which was established in 1944 just outside the town of Brněnec ( in German), Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, solely as a site for an armaments factory run by German industrialist Oskar Schindler, which was in actuality a front for a safe haven for "". Administratively, it was a sub-camp of the Gross-Rosen concentration camp system.
, the factory site sits abandoned, however there are plans to turn it into a museum.
Command and control.
The Brünnlitz labor camp was administratively a sub-camp of the Gross-Rosen concentration camp system. The camp was assigned an SS garrison consisting of about one hundred SS guards and female staff. The commander of the camp was "SS-Obersturmführer" Josef Leipold. From the very beginning, Schindler told the SS his factory would not operate as a typical camp, forbade guards to punish or harass the camp inmates, and barred any SS member from entering the operational part of the factory.
History.
Brünnlitz labor camp was created in the fall of 1944, after Oskar Schindler learned that his work force of over one thousand Jews were to be killed in the gas chambers of Auschwitz-Birkenau. A large segment of Schindler's labor force were in fact unskilled workers, which Schindler had been protecting under the guise of essential labor, and Schindler knew they would not stand up to scrutiny at Auschwitz and would be exterminated per Nazi policy. Using the last of his considerable black market wealth, Schindler bribed SS and Nazi officials to transfer his entire workforce from his factory in Kraków to the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. The transport list, the famous "Schindler's List", was created through bribery with the SS charging a fee for each worker Schindler took with him to Brünnlitz.
The "concentration camp" at Brünnlitz was simply a factory complex, with an attached barracks for the workers, and no real external security to speak of. A token front gate and a perimeter fence were all the camp had in ways of preventing escape, however every Jew at the complex was grateful to be there and hoped to survive the war under Schindler's protection. The SS at the camp were left with little to do, to which Schindler took advantage by supplying alcohol and good food, in order to keep the SS away from his workers. 
Between November 1944 and January 1945, the Brünnlitz labor camp was visited several times by former Płaszów commandant Amon Göth, who considered himself a friend to Schindler. The inmates at Brünnlitz, many of whom had suffered harshly under Göth, remarked that he was a physically changed man and looked feeble and pathetic compared to his early tenure when he was a figure who commanded absolute fear and terror.
Oskar Schindler went bankrupt keeping his factory running, mainly due to bribes to the SS and the purchase of armaments from other facilities, so that his factory would not contribute to the war effort and thus, in Schindler's mind, hasten its end. The Red Army liberated Brünnlitz on May 9, 1945. A few days prior, the SS guards had deserted and Schindler had escaped to American lines with the help of his Jewish workers, having been given a letter written by his workers attesting to his rescue activities.
As of October 2016, and the Endowment Fund for the Memorial of the Shoah and Oskar Schindler has purchased the site where the camp was located and plans to convert it into a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="56785170" url="?curid=56785170" title="Proc Camb Phil Soc">
Proc Camb Phil Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785171" url="?curid=56785171" title="Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc.">
Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785173" url="?curid=56785173" title="Mathew Mulanda">
Mathew Mulanda

Mathew Sampa Mulanda (15 March 1938 – 24 February 2014) was a Zambian politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly for two different constituencies between 1996 and 2006 and was Deputy Minister for Copperbelt Province between 1997 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in 1938, Mulanda attended primary school in Kasama before attending Munali Secondary School in Lusaka between 1956 and 1960. He then attended Ithaca College in the United States from 1961 until 1964, earning a diploma in chemistry. After returning to Zambia, he was employed as a technical officer in the Ministry of Mines. In 1970 he joined Northern Breweries in Ndola as a trainee brewer. He attended Heriot-Watt University for a diploma in brewing, which he completed in 1974. Upon his return to Zambia he was made Senior Brewer, before being promoted to Brew Master in 1976.
In 1979 Mulanda was appointed Brewery Manager at the company's plant in Lusaka, where he worked for eight years, before being made manager of the Ndola plant. In 1994 he became Managing Director of Northern Breweries, holding the post until 1997. Mulanda had also become involved in politics after becoming one of the founder members of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD), and was elected secretary of the party's Meshi branch, before becoming chair of the party in Ndola District in 1994, a role he held until 2006. He was also a councillor on Ndola City Council.
Mulanda was the MMD candidate in Bwana Mkubwa in the 1996 general elections, and was elected to the National Assembly, succeeding the MMD's Andrew Kashita. He subsequently became Deputy Minister for Copperbelt Province in 1997. Prior to the 2001 general elections, he was selected as the MMD candidate for Chifubu seat in place of the incumbent MMD MP David Mulenga. Mulanda went on to win the seat to become MP for Chifubu and retained his position as Deputy Minister for Copperbelt Province. He subsequently became Vice-President of the Southern African Development Community Parliamentary Forum, and served as Chair of the National Assembly Budget Estimates Committee. He did not contest the 2006 general elections, which saw the Chifubu seat won by Benson Bwalya of the Patriotic Front.
In 2007 Mulanda left the MMD to join the Patriotic Front. Although he later became a member of the party's central committee, he returned to the MMD in 2010.
Mulanda died in Ndola Central Hospital from complications related to diabetes in February 2014 and was buried at Kansenshi Cemetery in Ndola. He had eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="56785175" url="?curid=56785175" title="Matthew Mulanda">
Matthew Mulanda


</doc>
<doc id="56785178" url="?curid=56785178" title="Open source content">
Open source content


</doc>
<doc id="56785179" url="?curid=56785179" title="Alexandre Jean Dubois-Drahonet">
Alexandre Jean Dubois-Drahonet


</doc>
<doc id="56785184" url="?curid=56785184" title="The Japanese Journal of Human Genetics">
The Japanese Journal of Human Genetics


</doc>
<doc id="56785186" url="?curid=56785186" title="Catone in Utica (Vinci)">
Catone in Utica (Vinci)

Catone in Utica is a 1728 opera by Leonardo Vinci. It was the original setting of Metastasio's libretto of that name.

</doc>
<doc id="56785187" url="?curid=56785187" title="Hoher Meissner">
Hoher Meissner


</doc>
<doc id="56785189" url="?curid=56785189" title="Free and open source software community">
Free and open source software community


</doc>
<doc id="56785197" url="?curid=56785197" title="Ottone (opera)">
Ottone (opera)


</doc>
<doc id="56785198" url="?curid=56785198" title="Walney Terriers">
Walney Terriers


</doc>
<doc id="56785220" url="?curid=56785220" title="Mark Antony Hotel">
Mark Antony Hotel


</doc>
<doc id="56785221" url="?curid=56785221" title="The Mark Antony">
The Mark Antony


</doc>
<doc id="56785226" url="?curid=56785226" title="Mark Antony Motor Hotel">
Mark Antony Motor Hotel


</doc>
<doc id="56785232" url="?curid=56785232" title="2009 Iranian Air Force Il-76MD Adnan 2 accident">
2009 Iranian Air Force Il-76MD Adnan 2 accident


</doc>
<doc id="56785240" url="?curid=56785240" title="Andromeda Liberata">
Andromeda Liberata

Andromeda liberata is a pasticcio-serenata of 18 September 1726, on the subject of Perseus Freeing Andromeda, made as a collective tribute to the visiting Cardinal Pietro Ottoboni by at least five composers working in Venice including Vivaldi. It contains the last documented solo performance by Vivaldi as a violinist, performing the virtuoso violin part in his own aria "Sovente il sole". The work was re-assembled by Michael Talbot (musicologist) and recorded by Andrea Marcon with Simone Kermes, Anna Bonitatibus and Max Emanuel Cenčić and the Venice Baroque Orchestra for Archiv in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="56785242" url="?curid=56785242" title="Aage Teigen">
Aage Teigen

Aage Teigen (17 July 1944 – 15 January 2014) was a Norwegian jazz musician (trombone) and economist born and raised in Oslo. He was from a number of orchestras and active on the Oslo jazz scene. He initiated the Oslo Jazzfestival and led the festival between 1986 and 2007. He has played in Per Borthen's Swing Dept. and Christiania Jazzband, as well as Christiania 12. Teigen received the Oslo City Culture Award in 2002 for his efforts for the Oslo Jazzfestival. Han mottok Oslo Jazzfestivals pris Ella prize in 2011.
Teigen died 15 January 2014 after a short-term illness.

</doc>
<doc id="56785249" url="?curid=56785249" title="List of open source statistical packages">
List of open source statistical packages


</doc>
<doc id="56785253" url="?curid=56785253" title="Nuestra Belleza Chiapas">
Nuestra Belleza Chiapas


</doc>
<doc id="56785258" url="?curid=56785258" title="Navdatoli">
Navdatoli

Navdatoli refers to both a modern day village and a chalcolithic era settlement located on the Narmada River in Madhya Pradesh in central India. The ancient village was inhabited through four stages each defined by distinctly different types of pottery. The site was excavated between 1957 and 1959 over two seasons. Both the village and the site are located roughly a mile south of the modern day town of Maheshwar.
Archaeology.
The archaeological site was defined by 4 distinct mounds and excavated by researchers from Deccan College. Mounds I, II, and III were partially excavated in 1957-1958. Mound IV was completely excavated over two seasons between 1957 and 1959. Numerous rectangular and circular structures were uncovered and these contained most of the artifacts that were found. The houses mostly consisted of a single room and were made of wattle and daub. Lime was used on the floors and walls in an effort to prevent insects from entering the living space. The wattle of the houses were made of either acacia or conifer and were interwoven with bamboo. Most houses had a fireplace and a stone slab that was used for grinding and mashing grain. Pottery of varying styles including Malwa, Jorwe, Black and Red Ware, Cream-Slipped Ware, and Grey-Ware were also commonly found within the houses . Similarities between Navdatoli pottery and certain Iranian ceramics have led some to believe the area was colonized by immigrants from the Northwest. Given the size and number of residences found, along with the length of time the area was occupied, it is estimated that on average roughly 150 individuals lived in the village in its earliest stage. Evidence of domestic animals including Indian cattle, sheep, goats, pigs, and dogs were also found.
Lithic Production.
Throughout the roughly 20,000 square feet of area that was excavated, over 30,000 blades, cores, and flakes were found, leading archaeologists to believe the site was a production area for lithic tools. Nearly all of the tools were made of chalcedony from the nearby Narmada River. The same method of production was used throughout the occupation of the site and it appears that each household was responsible for making their own tools, often the case for contemporary sites. Blades found at Navdatoli were often longer than those found at other sites within the same time period.

</doc>
<doc id="56785274" url="?curid=56785274" title="Transactions and proceedings of the New Zealand Institute">
Transactions and proceedings of the New Zealand Institute


</doc>
<doc id="56785275" url="?curid=56785275" title="Time of Shedding and Cold Rocks">
Time of Shedding and Cold Rocks


</doc>
<doc id="56785285" url="?curid=56785285" title="Max Emmanuel Cencic">
Max Emmanuel Cencic


</doc>
<doc id="56785288" url="?curid=56785288" title="Max Cenčić">
Max Cenčić


</doc>
<doc id="56785292" url="?curid=56785292" title="J. Roy. Asiatic Soc.">
J. Roy. Asiatic Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785293" url="?curid=56785293" title="J Roy Asiatic Soc">
J Roy Asiatic Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785296" url="?curid=56785296" title="J. R. Asiatic Soc.">
J. R. Asiatic Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56785297" url="?curid=56785297" title="J R Asiatic Soc">
J R Asiatic Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56785300" url="?curid=56785300" title="Francille Rusan Wilson">
Francille Rusan Wilson

Francille Rusan Wilson (born March 7, 1947) is an American historian, best known for her research on black labor, social movements and black women's history.
Early life and education.
Francille Rusan Wilson attended both segregated and desegregated schools in St. Louis County, Missouri. She earned a B.A in Political Science from Wellesley College. During her time at Wellesley, she co founded a black student organization called Ethos, and also was heavily involved in the student activist movements that is responsible for bringing black studies to Wellesley. For her master's degree in Social Studies, Francille attended Harvard University. She then earned a Ph.D and M.A in American History at the University of Pennsylvania in 1988. At University of Pennsylvania she studied under Nell Irvin Painter. She continued her studies through a postdoctoral training at Stanford University for Advanced Study in Behavioral Sciences. She serves on the Los Angeles Commission on the Status of Women as well as on the state board of the California African American Museum.
Career and impact.
Francille Rusan Wilson is a historian whose research focuses on social movements, black intellectuals and the history of black women. She is serving her second term as the National Director of the Association of Black Women Historians (2015-2018), while also maintaining her position as an associate professor in the departments of American Studies and Ethnicity and History at the University of Southern California. Before joining the Departments of American Studies and Ethnicity, and History at USC, Wilson taught African American studies and history at the University of Maryland, Eastern Michigan University, and the University of Michigan in Flint and Ann Arbor.
Francille has written journal entries and one full book. Her book, The Segregated Scholars: Black Social Scientists and the Creation of Black Labor Studies gathers extensive research and historical interviews to examine the lives and professionals of African American labor historians and social scientist. This particular book has been reviewed numerous times and is argued to have provided the foundation and framework for future debates on Black scholars. This books considers gender, class, and the time period in which these scholars worked. In The Segregated Scholars: Black Social Scientists and the Creation of Black Labor Studies attempts to tell the story of W.E.B. Du Bois and why he focused on black labor studies at such a transitional point in his career. Francille also focuses on African American women narratives. She focuses on women such as Ida B. Wells, Elizabeth Ross Haynes, Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin, and many others. She attempts to explain the ways in which they were not able to work consistently as a social scientist in regards to their barriers of racial and gender discrimination.
List of Publications.
Books.
"The Segregated Scholars: Black Social Scientists and the Creation of Black Labor Studies, 1890-1950".
Journal articles.
Gertrude Emily Hicks Bustill Mossell: Her Heritage, Her Impact, and Her Legacy
Becoming 'Woman of the Year': Sadie Alexander's Construction of a Public Persona as a Black Professional Women 1920-1950.
Our Foremother's Keepers: The Association of Black Women Historians
Black Women's History at the Intersection of Knowledge of Knowledge an Power: ABWH's Twentieth Anniversary Anthology.
This Past was Waiting for me When I cam: The Contextualization of Black Women's History
Awards and honours.
Francille Rusan Wilson received the Letitia Woods Brown Memorial Book Prize for the best book in African American Women's history for her work "The Segregated Scholars: Black Social Scientist and the Creation of Black Labor Studies 1890-1950." This award was presented by the Association of Black Women Historians. Francille served on the boards of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History and the Labor and Working Class History Association. In December 2007, Francille was appointed to the Los Angeles Commission on the Status of Women by the Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa. She serves as the president for the 2009-2010 calendar year. On February 9, 2008 Francille received the Mary McLeod Bethune Excellence in Education Award, through the Our Authors Study Club of Los Angeles. In 2011, Wilson was then appointed to the State Board of the California African American Museum by the governor for a four-year term. She has also received the Distinguished Lecturer Award from the Organization of American Historians, 2013-2012 and 2003-2013.

</doc>
<doc id="56785302" url="?curid=56785302" title="Trans. Roy. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.">
Trans. Roy. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.


</doc>
<doc id="56785304" url="?curid=56785304" title="Trans Roy Asiatic Soc G B Irel">
Trans Roy Asiatic Soc G B Irel


</doc>
<doc id="56785305" url="?curid=56785305" title="J. Roy. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.">
J. Roy. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.


</doc>
<doc id="56785306" url="?curid=56785306" title="J Roy Asiatic Soc G B Irel">
J Roy Asiatic Soc G B Irel


</doc>
<doc id="56785309" url="?curid=56785309" title="Trans. R. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.">
Trans. R. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.


</doc>
<doc id="56785310" url="?curid=56785310" title="Trans R Asiatic Soc G B Irel">
Trans R Asiatic Soc G B Irel


</doc>
<doc id="56785311" url="?curid=56785311" title="J. R. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.">
J. R. Asiatic Soc. G. B. Irel.


</doc>
<doc id="56785313" url="?curid=56785313" title="J R Asiatic Soc G B Irel">
J R Asiatic Soc G B Irel


</doc>
<doc id="56785318" url="?curid=56785318" title="Gae Polisner">
Gae Polisner

Gae Polisner is an American author of young adult and crossover to adult novels. She is also a practicing family law attorney/mediator. She lives in Long Island with her husband and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="56785321" url="?curid=56785321" title="Forest Conservation Act, 1980">
Forest Conservation Act, 1980

The Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980 an Act of the Parliament of India to provide for the conservation of forests and for matters connected therewith or ancillary or incidental thereto. It was further amended in 1988. This law extends to the whole of India. It was enacted by Parliament of India to control further deforestation of Forest Areas in India. The act came into force on 25 October 1980. It has five sections.
History.
This act was enacted by Parliament of India in 1980.
Sections.
Section 1 of the Act explains Short Title, Extent, and the Date of commencement. It states that: 
(1) This Act may be called the Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980.
(2) It extends to the whole of India.
(3) It shall be deemed to have come into force on the 25th day of October, 1980.
Section 2 of the act is about the restriction on the State Government for dereservation of forests or use of forest land for non-forest purpose. It prohibits the State Government, except prior permission from central government for issuing orders directing:- 
(i) that any reserved forest (within the meaning of the expression "reserved forest" in any law for the time being in force in that State) or any portion thereof, shall cease to be reserved;
(ii) that any forest land or any portion thereof may be used for any non-forest purpose;
(iii) that any forest land or any portion thereof may be assigned by way of lease or otherwise to any private person or to any authority, corporation, agency or any other organisation not owned, managed or controlled by Government;
(iv) that any forest land or any portion thereof may be cleared of trees which have grown naturally in that land or portion, for the purpose of using it for reafforestation. 
As provided in explanation "non-forest purpose" means the breaking up or clearing of any forest land or portion thereof for-
(a) the cultivation of tea, coffee, spices, rubber, palms, oil-bearing plants, horticultural crops or medicinal plants;
(b) any purpose other than reafforestation;
but does not include any work relating or ancillary to conservation, development and management of forests and wildlife, namely, the establishment of check-posts, fire lines, wireless communications and construction of fencing, bridges and culverts, dams, waterholes, trench marks, boundary marks, pipelines or other like purposes.
Section 3 of the Act deals with constitution of Advisory Committee. It gives Central Government the power to constitute a committee of such number of person as it may deem fit to advise the Government with regard to-
(i) the grant of approval for the purpose which is prohibited in section of this act; or
(ii) any other matter connected with the conservation of forests which may be referred to it by the Central Government.
Section 3A deals with Penalty for contravention of the provisions of the Act. It states that Whoever contravenes or abets the contravention of any of the provisions of Section 2, shall be punishable with simple imprisonment for a period which may extend to fifteen days.
Section 3B deals with cases in which the offence is made by Authorities or Government Departments. In such cases it says that the Head of the Department shall be considered Guilty, although if he proves that it was done without his knowledge or that he exercised all due diligence to prevent the commission of such offence. 
Section 4 deals with power to make rules. It states that (1) The Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, makes rules for carrying out the provisions of this Act.
(2) Every rule made under this Act shall be laid, as soon as may be after it is made, before each House of Parliament, while it is in session, for a total period of thirty days which may be comprised in one session or in two or more successive sessions, and if, before the expiry of the session immediately following the session or the successive sessions aforesaid, both Houses agree in making any modification in the rule or both Houses agree that the rule should not be made, the rule shall thereafter have effect only in such modified form or be of no effect, as the case may be; so, however, that any such modification or annulment shall be without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done under that rule.
Section 5 deals with repealing and saving. It states that (1) The Forest (Conservation) Ordinance, 1980 is hereby replaced.
(2) Notwithstanding such repeal, anything done or any action taken under the provisions of the said Ordinance shall be deemed to have been done or taken under the corresponding provisions of this Act.
1992 Amendment in the Forest Act.
In 1992, some amendment was made in the Act which made provisions for allowing some non-forest activities in forests, without cutting trees or limited cutting with prior approval of Central Govt. These activities are setting of transmission lines, seismic surveys, exploration, drilling and hydroelectric projects. The last activity involves large scale destruction of forest, for which prior approval of the Centre is necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="56785334" url="?curid=56785334" title="Gun-Britt Andersson">
Gun-Britt Andersson

Back Tyra "Gun-Britt" Ingegerd Andersson, born 13 September 1942 in Malung, is a Swedish economist and civil servant.
She studied economics, political science, geography and mathematics at Uppsala University, graduating in 1968 as bachelor of arts. From 1969 to 1970 she worked as an administrative officer at the Ministry of Finance, and 1970–75 at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. 1975–80 she was the chef de cabinet at the Swedish Agency for Research Cooperation with Developing Countries (SAREC), 1980–82 deputy director and 1983–84 director for the humanitarian aid office at the Swedish embassy in Dar es salaam, Tanzania. 1984–87 she was the Chief human resources officer for Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA), 1987–92 permanent under-secretary at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, 1992–94 director for UNRWA in Jerusalem, 1994 Secretary of state at the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs and from 1996 Secretary of state at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, responsible for migration and refugee policy. In 1999 humanitarian aid policy was added to her portfolio. In 2003 she was appointed Permanent Representative of Sweden to the OECD and UNESCO.
She's held office at Järfälla municipality from 1985 to 1990, representing the Swedish Social Democratic Party. 1990–92 she was a member of the board of the National Export Credits Guarantee Board, 1988–92 she was vice chair of the Swedish Agency for International Technical and Economic Co-operation (BITS) and 1990–92 vice chair of the OECD development committee Development Assistance Committee (DAC).
She has written several articles and co-authored books about international development.

</doc>
<doc id="56785381" url="?curid=56785381" title="Psychological flexibility">
Psychological flexibility


</doc>
<doc id="56785407" url="?curid=56785407" title="Victoria Nixon (author)">
Victoria Nixon (author)


</doc>
<doc id="56785421" url="?curid=56785421" title="Thomas Boverton Redwood">
Thomas Boverton Redwood

Sir Thomas Boverton Redwood FRSE FIC FCS FGS FRSA MIME (1846–1919) was a 19th-century British chemical engineer remembered as a pioneer of the petroleum industry. An early car-collector and enthusiast, he was also one of the first to investigate alcohol as a fuel.
He sat on (and often chaired) multiple government committees, including the British Science Guild, the Home Office Committee on Acetylene Generators. He was chairman of the Gas Traction Committee. He was vice president of the Society of Chemical Industries. He was president of the Institute of Petroleum Technologists 1914 to 1916. He was vice president of the Illuminating Engineering Society.
Life.
He was born in London on 26 April 1846, the eldest of eight children to Prof Theophilus Redwood (1806-1892), originally from Boverton in South Wales, and his wife, Charlotte Elizabeth Morson, daughter of T M R Morson who owned a London pharmaceutical firm. He studied chemistry at University College, London gaining a doctorate (DSc with Honours).
In 1889 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Sir James Dewar, William Dittmar, Alexander Crum Brown and Robert Rattray Tatlock.
In 1895 he was co-founder of the Self-Propelled Traffic Association and in 1897 he was a co-founder of the Royal Automobile Club (RAC).
In 1912 he was appointed to the Royal Commission on Fuel and Engines. In the First World War he served on several committees ranging from petrol supplies, and oil supplies to the navy to the use of "liquid fire" (napalm) for trench warfare.
In later life he lived at 119 Piccadilly in central London. He was knighted by King Edward VII in 1905 and further was created Baronet of Marylebone Road by King George V in 1911.
He died in London following a short illness on 4 June 1919.
Cars.
His first car was a French then he acquired a Daimler in 1897. The Daimler was custom-built in Coventry to his own specification, being more powerful than average. He also had a De Dion-Bouton Voiturette.
In 1904 he was proud owner of a 7 hp Panhard and 16 hp De Dietrich-Bugatti and his hobby was listed as steam-yachting.
Family.
In 1873 he married Mary Elizabeth Letchford.
He was father to Bernard Boverton Redwood.

</doc>
<doc id="56785430" url="?curid=56785430" title="A Wrinkle in Time (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)">
A Wrinkle in Time (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)


</doc>
<doc id="56785433" url="?curid=56785433" title="Gina Sanmiguel">
Gina Sanmiguel

Gina Zita Sanmiguel Palacios (born 1956 or 1957) is an Ecuadorian politician who was the first woman to be elected governor for the Social Christian Party and would later be the first female represent the Napo Province in the National Assembly of Ecuador, this time for PAIS Alliance.
Biography.
Sanmiguel was born in either 1956 or 1957. Her political career began when she was elected cantonal councillor of the city of Tena. In the 2002 Ecuadorian legislative elections, she attempted to win a seat that was sponsored by the Christian Democratic Union but the allocation of seats prevented her from being elected to the deputation despite placing second in the vote count. Two years later in the Ecuadorian regional elections, Sanmiguel was elected governor of the Napo Province by the Social Christian Party, becoming the first woman to hold that office. Among the notable actions taken by her administration were the completion of the Coliseo Mayor, the construction of the second floor of the building of the prefecture and the creation of the Reformatory Ordinance of the symbols of the Napo Province. Sanmiguel was briefly imprisoned for her participation in protests against the regime of President Alfredo Palacio.in February 2006.
In the 2009 Ecuadorian sectional election, she attempted to get re-elected as a prefect under the auspices of the Shayari movement, but was defeated by Sergio Chacón. In the country's legislative elections held four years later, Sanmiguel was elected a national assemblyman representing the Napo Province on behalf of PAIS Alliance. However, she resigned her post that November so she could file papers to contest the mayoralty of Tena in the 2014 seasonal elections. Sanmiguel was beaten to the mayoralty by Creating Opportunities member Kléver Ron in March.

</doc>
<doc id="56785434" url="?curid=56785434" title="Helen Hull Law">
Helen Hull Law

Helen Hull Law (February 26, 1890 – November 11, 1966) was a professor of Latin and Greek at Meredith College in Raleigh, North Carolina from 1914 until 1927 where her "depth and breadth of scholarship would have frightened the freshmen had not her charming shyness made them feel that they must put her at ease." In 1923 she founded and organized the Kappa Nu Sigma honor society on campus. Law later became professor of Greek at Wellesley College and retired in 1954 after 28 years.
Life.
She graduated from Vassar College in 1911.
In 1932, Law published "Bibliography of Greek Myth in English Poetry", with a "Supplement" published in 1941. In 1955, a revised edition was published which combines the two.
Among Law's published articles are "Studies in the Songs of Plautine Comedy" (a 1922 dissertation), which was reviewed by Cornelia C. Coulter ("Classical Philology", 1922), "The Name Galatea in the Pygmalion Myth" ("The Classical Journal", February 1932) and "Pater's Use of Greek Quotations" ("Modern Language Notes", December 1943).
Helen Hull Law died at the age of seventy-six in Winter Park, Florida in November 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="56785443" url="?curid=56785443" title="Uljay Qutlugh Khatun">
Uljay Qutlugh Khatun

Uljay Qutlugh Khatun (; born 14 March 1297) (lit. "Queen Uljay Qutlugh), also Öljei Qutlugh, Oljai Kutlugh or Uljaki, was a Mongol princess, and Empress consort of the Ilkhanate as the principal wife of Abu Sa'id Bahadur Khan.
Early life.
Uljay Qutlugh Khatun was born on 14 March 1297 at Shehraban. She was the only daughter of Ghazan Khan. Her mother was Bulughan Khatun, the daughter of Otman, and granddaughter of Obetay Nuyun of the Qonqirut tribe. Bulughan married Ghazan in October 1295, after both of them converted to Islam. Uljay had a younger full brother named Alju, who died in infancy.
Marriages.
Bistam.
On 17 September 1303, Ghazan betrothed Uljay to Bistam, the eldest son of Ghazan's younger brother Öljaitü Khan. The marriage took place on 12 January 1305, when Uljay was seven. By marrying Ghazan's only surviving child to his eldest son, Öljaitu wished to consolidate his position as well as his successor, as heir to Ghazan's legacy.
Abu Sa'id.
After Bistam's premature death, Uljay was betrothed to his younger brother Abu Saʿid, at the time of the prince's departure to Khurasan. The marriage took place before his accession to the throne on 5 July 1317, and Uljay became his chief and most beloved wife. 
Shushtar was allocated to the wages (mavajib) of Uljay Qutlugh.

</doc>
<doc id="56785467" url="?curid=56785467" title="2018 International Friendship Championship">
2018 International Friendship Championship

The 2018 International Friendship Championship was a friendly football tournament for the national teams of Iraq, Syria and Qatar. It took place during the March 2018 window of the FIFA International Match Calendar, and began less than a week after FIFA lifted the ban on competitive games being played inside Iraq.
The tournament was originally scheduled to take place in Karbala but was relocated to Basra. Qatar won the title by beating hosts Iraq and drawing with runners-up Syria. The last game of the tournament saw Noor Sabri make his 100th and last appearance for Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="56785484" url="?curid=56785484" title="Bakote">
Bakote


</doc>
<doc id="56785493" url="?curid=56785493" title="Fernando (Handel opera)">
Fernando (Handel opera)


</doc>
<doc id="56785507" url="?curid=56785507" title="Sikh Ramdasia">
Sikh Ramdasia


</doc>
<doc id="56785516" url="?curid=56785516" title="Musk Who Fell to Earth">
Musk Who Fell to Earth


</doc>
<doc id="56785520" url="?curid=56785520" title="Fernando (opera)">
Fernando (opera)


</doc>
<doc id="56785526" url="?curid=56785526" title="Luangpho Ajahn Tala Uttama">
Luangpho Ajahn Tala Uttama


</doc>
<doc id="56785529" url="?curid=56785529" title="Mninga,Mufindi">
Mninga,Mufindi


</doc>
<doc id="56785542" url="?curid=56785542" title="Akiu Taue Odori">
Akiu Taue Odori


</doc>
<doc id="56785565" url="?curid=56785565" title="Kwan Doo">
Kwan Doo

Kwan Doo Village (, ) is a village located at Lamaing, Mon State, Myanmar (Burma). Most of people are Mon people.

</doc>
<doc id="56785568" url="?curid=56785568" title="Fernando (Schubert opera)">
Fernando (Schubert opera)


</doc>
<doc id="56785570" url="?curid=56785570" title="Provincial Ministers">
Provincial Ministers

Provincial Ministers are appointed for each province of Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="56785574" url="?curid=56785574" title="Lohitsya">
Lohitsya


</doc>
<doc id="56785578" url="?curid=56785578" title="Katana Gégé Bukuru">
Katana Gégé Bukuru

Katana Gégé Bukuru (born 31 December 1963 in the Democratic Republic of Congo) is a Congolese activist fighting for women rights. She is also the founder of the SOFAD (Solidarity of women activists for the defense of human rights).
Bukuru is known as the "Iron Lady" of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), for her courageous commitment to the struggle for women's rights.
Biography.
Eldest daughter of a traditional chief, she studied social sciences at Université Lumière Lyon 2 and carried out research at the Center for Cooperative Training and Research, the Rwanda Association for the Promotion of Integral Development and the Pan-African Institute for Development. She has collaborated with many women's rights movements such as the Rien sans les femmes ("Nothing Without Women") group, the Women's Platform for the Framework Agreement for Peace or the Institute for Adult Development and Education in Africa and Synergy of women's organizations against violence against women in South Kivu.
Katana Gégé Bukuru lives in Uvira, South Kivu where she founded Solidarité des femmes activistes pour la défense des droits humains (SOFAD) in 2001. The organization brings together more than 600 women fighting for social, economic, and political rights. SOFAD aims to protect the human rights activists and tends to ensure the respect of the rights guaranteed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The association tends to provide help and support to the victims of sexual assault and violence, notably by organizing workshops and trainings for women who are to become leaders in their field.
SOFAD's mission is to train and mobilize women activists, enhance their participation to the protection and promotion of Human Rights, and facilitate the rehabilitation of victims of all forms of violence. The organization also fights against the proliferation of weapons in the Great Lake's region and in East Africa widely.
Her engagement in this fight earns her the support of Amnesty International. The structure works for women's training and encourages them to create "peace cells" within their own neighborhood, conveying rights and hosting women based locally.
On the occasion of the 2018 International Women's Day, she is part of UNESCO France's campaign: "Should one be a man to have a Wikipedia page?", which raises awareness for more gender balance in the digital space.
Awards.
For her numerous engagements and battles, she has received several awards. She was the first women to receive the Front Line Defenders award. The prize was created for the human rights defenders at risks. 

</doc>
<doc id="56785582" url="?curid=56785582" title="Bonhishikha">
Bonhishikha

Bonhishikha is a Dhaka, Bangladesh based, feminist not-for-profit organization which advocates for women's rights, gender equality and raise awareness of gender-based violence. Bonhishikha primarily uses theater and story telling as an educational tool to promote gender equity and facilitate dialogue. The organization also initiates and facilitates communication around important issues related to women's emancipation. Tasaffy Hossain, a freelance development professional, research worker and an advocate for gender rights, is the founder and coordinator of Bonhishikha.
History.
Bonhishikha was initially created under the banner of the V-Day movement in Dhaka in 2010, bringing the first staging of "The Vagina Monologues" to Bangladesh. The performance brings up many different taboos related to female sexuality, menstruation and pleasure. Following the success of the show, the group of volunteer organizers took on the name "Bonhishikha - unlearn gender" and shifted the focus away from the American play and towards local women's stories in Dhaka and Bangladesh.
The collection of local stories on domestic violence, child abuse and stories from the LGBT community led to the production of a stage show called 'It's a SHE Thing'. Following 'It's a SHE thing,' Bonhishikha produced another theater production titled 'Men don't TALK" in 2016, which shared stories of men growing up in Dhaka. This show was led by men, exploring "masculine stereotypes, fatherhood, sexuality, emotional expression, depression, and failure as defined by manhood." They went on to produce more shows, such as 'Nari Nokkhotro' in 2017, 'He Said She Said' and an online show called 'Spectrum of Choice' in 2020. Each of the shows are performances based on real stories the organization has collected of local experiences of oppression, domestic violence and misogyny. Hossain, the founder, has said that she believes education to be the essential tool, which can help women break free from gender stereotypes and patriarchal norms.
Apart from the shows, Bonhishikha has been involved in a number of awareness raising campaigns such as on breast cancer and on sexual consent. Bonhishikha is also one of the members of Young Feminist Network, created by Global Platform Bangladesh, a sister concern of ActionAid.

</doc>
<doc id="56785599" url="?curid=56785599" title="Trodd, Thomas">
Trodd, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56785605" url="?curid=56785605" title="Max TV">
Max TV

Max TV was a New Zealand music channel available over the air in Auckland from October 1993 to December 1997.
On 20 May 1997, the channel broadcast the music video to Iggy Pop's song Pussy Walk. Local feminist group Women Against Pornography considered the music video "offensive and insulting to women".
On 2 December 1997, Television New Zealand announced that the channel would close down on the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="56785609" url="?curid=56785609" title="Aaron Lindström">
Aaron Lindström

Aaron Lindström (born 20 July 2000) is a Swedish male paralympic alpine skier, competing at the slalom, giant slalom and super-G events at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56785610" url="?curid=56785610" title="Francis Witherborn">
Francis Witherborn

Francis Witherborn (fl. 1670–1672) was an English buccaneer, privateer, and pirate active in the Caribbean. He is best known for his brief association with Henry Morgan.
History.
Witherborn initially sailed with Henry Morgan's fleet in attacks against Spanish cities in Central America. He was part of Morgan's flotilla during their 1670 assault on Panama along with a number of other prominent buccaneers. By 1671 new Jamaican Governor Thomas Lynch moved to curtail privateering against the Spanish, offering pardons to privateers who surrendered and hunting down those who refused.
After parting with Morgan, Witherborn took command of the barque "Charity", formerly commanded by Dutch corsair David Marten. Witherborn sailed with Dutch pirate Jelles de Lecat ("Captain Yhallahs") for a time before partnering with French captain Dumangle—also a veteran of Morgan's campaigns—and his ship "Le Diable Volant" (Flying Devil). The two signed articles of agreement confirming their intention to go privateering together. They raided Spanish shipping and attacked towns on the Cuban coast through 1671, committing "great violence against the Spaniards".
In early 1672 Lynch sent Major William Beeston (who would later succeed Lynch as Governor) in HMS "Assistance" to hunt down the remaining rogue privateers. Aided by former buccaneer John Morrice, Beeston chased Lecat (who had entered into Spanish service) but could not catch him. Instead he captured Witherborn and Dumangle. They were imprisoned, tried, and convicted. Witherborn protested that his first mate held the real power, and that Articles he signed with Dumangle were just a ruse, but Lynch, Beeston, and the other judges were not swayed: "Upon consideration of the whole matter all were of opinion that having committed piracy and broken the articles of peace, Captain Witherborn ought to suffer death according to the law."
Jamaican officials balked at executing them; when the Spanish too refused to execute Dumangle, he was released for fear of reprisals from French pirates in Santo Domingo and Tortuga. Witherborn was sent back to England as a prisoner alongside Henry Morgan. While Morgan was pardoned and released, and eventually became a Lieutenant Governor, Witherborn was instead pressed into Royal Navy service.

</doc>
<doc id="56785618" url="?curid=56785618" title="Gowlan">
Gowlan

Gowlan () is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland. It lies in the Roman Catholic parish of Corlough and barony of Tullyhaw.
Geography.
Gowlan is bounded on the west by Tullyveela, Derrynananta Upper and Derrynananta Lower townlands and on the east by Altcrock, Owencam and Tullynaconspod townlands. Its chief geographical features are Derrynananta Lough, forestry plantations, waterfalls, gravel pits and mountain streams. Gowlan is traversed by minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 926 statute acres. The townland contains the following sub-divisions- Tullyrower (Tulaig Reamhair= The Stumpy Hill); Tullyuchtharach (Tulaig Uachtarach = The Upper Hill); Tullywan (Tulaig Bhán = The White Hill).
History.
In earlier times the townland was probably uninhabited as it consists mainly of bog and poor clay soils. It was not seized by the English during the Plantation of Ulster in 1610 or in the Cromwellian Settlement of the 1660s so some dispossessed Irish families moved there and began to clear and farm the land.
Lowther Kirkwood of Mullinagrave, parish of Templeport, Co. Cavan, gentleman made the following will-
"2 July 1804. To his grandnephew Lowther Brien, city of Dublin, attorney, and his heirs his lands of Awengallis, Ballylenan, Ballymagirill, Stranadarragh, Carnagimlie, Cullagh, Drumleden, Leitry, Corlagh, Lananleragh, Gowlanlea and Drumlogher, Co. Cavan, held under lease from the Beresford family. He had begun a suit in Chancery, Ireland, against John Brien, late of Salvon, Co. Fermanagh, deceased, for setting aside a fraudulent deed obtained by said John Brien, which suit against the representatives is to be continued by said Lowther Brien, his sole exor. Witnesses: John Johnston and Andrew Rutledge, both of Ballymagiril, and Thos. Stephenson, Drumleaden, Co. Cavan, gent. Memorial witnessed by: said Andrew Rutledge, and John Balfour, city of Dublin, attorney.
The Tithe Applotment Books for 1826 list five tithepayers in the townland.
The 1836 Ordnance Survey Namebooks state- "There is a large mountain stream through the centre of the townland. It generally overflows its banks in winter and floods the low parts of the townland during the winter months. The soil is consequently cold and light, yielding poor crops of oats &amp; potatoes. There is no county cess levied, as the townland is considered as mountain."
The Gowlan Valuation Office Field books are available for August 1839.
In 1841 the population of the townland was 13, being 8 males and 5 females. There were two houses in the townland, both of which were inhabited.
In 1851 the population of the townland was 9, being 7 males and 2 females, the reduction being due to the Great Famine (Ireland). There were two houses in the townland, one of which was uninhabited.
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists four landholders in the townland.
In 1861 the population of the townland was 20, being 8 males and 12 females. There were four houses in the townland and all were inhabited.
In 1871 the population of the townland was 33, being 15 males and 18 females. There were four houses in the townland, and all were inhabited.
In 1881 the population of the townland was 33, being 15 males and 18 females. There were four houses in the townland, all were inhabited.
In 1891 the population of the townland was 22, being 9 males and 13 females. There were four houses in the townland, all were inhabited.
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are five families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are five families listed in the townland.

</doc>
<doc id="56785620" url="?curid=56785620" title="Rohitāśva">
Rohitāśva


</doc>
<doc id="56785625" url="?curid=56785625" title="John Evans (Haverfordwest MP)">
John Evans (Haverfordwest MP)

John Evans QC (died 1864) was a British Liberal politician. He represented Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire, Wales, from the 1847 general election until his defeat in the 1852 general election.
At an 1855 by-election, he unsuccessfully sought election for Cardigan Boroughs.
After his death in 1864 his widow Mary and their children moved back from London to Haverfordwest and later to Jersey. In 1881 his children, including the poet George Essex Evans, emigrated to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="56785628" url="?curid=56785628" title="Guy H. Lockwood">
Guy H. Lockwood

Guy H. Lockwood (June 26, 1870 - 1947) was an American cartoonist and political activist. Lockwood is best remembered as a touring socialist enthusiast who illustrated and published about a dozen propaganda pamphlets during the first fifteen years of the 20th century.
Biography.
Early years.
Guy H. Lockwood was born on June 26, 1870 in Minneapolis.
Socialist propagandist.
In 1898 Lockwood attracted regional attention when he led a party of four delegates to the First National Convention of the Social Democracy of America in a painted propaganda wagon — a journey of 2,000 miles from Tennessee to Chicago, the site of the convention. During the journey Lockwood and his political associates stopped in towns along their route to lecture about socialism from the back of their wagon, with Lockwood selling pen-and-ink caricatures and greeting cards to raise funds for the journey.
The brightly-decorated wagon was painted by Lockwood and he produced a series of cartoon placards to help illustrate the political oratory delivered by himself and A. S. Edwards, editor of the socialist weekly newspaper "The Coming Nation," who was also a convention delegate.
Lockwood saw the propaganda wagon as an important innovation — one which he would use with regularity over the next two decades — declaring to the press that
"We are socialists and we want to spread the doctrine of cooperation rather than competition. We think we have found the way to convert the country, because we can travel cheaply in a wagon and reach all classes."
Lockwood and his associates were advocates of the Social Democracy establishing a "wagon brigade" of similar propaganda vehicles to bring the new political party's message to small communities across the United States.
Later years.
Lockwood was a vegetarian. In 1912, he authored "How to Live 100 Years". Lockwood argued against the use of tobacco as it used up the body's energy necessary for attaining longevity. 
In 1928, Lockwood stood for election heading the Socialist Party's Michigan ticket as its candidate for Governor.
Lockwood would remain politically active in Socialist Party politics into his 60s, gaining election state organizer of the Socialist Party of Michigan in 1934, in which capacity he took part in socialist lectures around the state.
Death and legacy.
Guy Lockwood died in 1947.
Lockwood's papers are housed at the Zhang Legacy Collections Center of Western Michigan University, located in his longtime hometown of Kalamazoo.

</doc>
<doc id="56785632" url="?curid=56785632" title="Guy Lockwood">
Guy Lockwood


</doc>
<doc id="56785635" url="?curid=56785635" title="G. H. Lockwood">
G. H. Lockwood


</doc>
<doc id="56785636" url="?curid=56785636" title="G.H. Lockwood">
G.H. Lockwood


</doc>
<doc id="56785638" url="?curid=56785638" title="Wu Wen-Tsun">
Wu Wen-Tsun


</doc>
<doc id="56785644" url="?curid=56785644" title="Powered access equipment">
Powered access equipment


</doc>
<doc id="56785653" url="?curid=56785653" title="Marvin Krohn">
Marvin Krohn

Marvin Donald "Marv" Krohn (born March 5, 1947) is an American criminologist who has been a professor at the University of Florida since 2008. He was formerly the director of the Division of Criminology, Law and Society there until 2011.
Krohn is currently co-editor of the journal "Justice Quarterly".

</doc>
<doc id="56785655" url="?curid=56785655" title="Li Shuai (footballer) (disambiguation)">
Li Shuai (footballer) (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56785658" url="?curid=56785658" title="Aaron Lindstrom">
Aaron Lindstrom


</doc>
<doc id="56785668" url="?curid=56785668" title="David Demarest (disambiguation)">
David Demarest (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56785669" url="?curid=56785669" title="Marv Krohn">
Marv Krohn


</doc>
<doc id="56785674" url="?curid=56785674" title="Lily Madigan (Neighbours)">
Lily Madigan (Neighbours)


</doc>
<doc id="56785681" url="?curid=56785681" title="Bruno Costa (disambiguation)">
Bruno Costa (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56785687" url="?curid=56785687" title="Nikolay Storonsky">
Nikolay Storonsky


</doc>
<doc id="56785690" url="?curid=56785690" title="Capo d'Orso Lighthouse">
Capo d'Orso Lighthouse

Capo d'Orso Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the steep Amalfitan Coast in the municipality of Maiori, Campania on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The first lighthouse was established in 1862 while the current was built in 1882; it consists of a 2-storey red with white trim keeper's house and a white lantern mounted on a construction, high, on the seaside front. The lantern is positioned at above sea level and emits three white flashes in a 15 seconds period, visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and is operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 2628 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56785693" url="?curid=56785693" title="Emily Blathwayt">
Emily Blathwayt

Emily Marion Blathwayt (née Rose) (1852 – 1940) was a British suffragette and mother of Mary Blathwayt. She and her husband, Linley, a retired Colonel from the Indian Army lived at Eagle House in Somerset and established a welcome and garden summerhouse for women in the movement, that became known as the "Suffragette's Rest".
Early life.
Emily Marion Rose was born in about 1852. Her father was John Benson Coles Rose. She married her first cousin Colonel Linley Blathwayt in 1874 and they lived in India. Linley was an army officer and their first child John Linley was born in 1876. They returned to live in Sussex in 1877 after John died. They moved from there to Eagle House, Batheaston, on the outskirts of Bath in 1892 with their son William and daughter Mary.
They had two children, the elder daughter Mary attended Bath High School and then was supported at home as she became an active member of the suffragette movement and the younger, son William, was an electrical engineer and English teacher in Germany until the start of the First World War. 
Campaigning for women's suffrage.
Both Emily and Mary became affiliated to the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU). Through a network of connections, people from the suffragette movement were invited to stay with Emily and her family to recover from a prison sentence or hunger strike and whilst there to plant a tree in the Eagle House garden to mark their suffering for this cause. 
Annie Kenney met Mary Blathwayt at a WPSU meeting in Bath and came to stay with the family, along with several other suffragettes who joined them for short periods over a number of years. The memorial trees planted (over 40 trees) became known as 'Annie's Arbour'. Suffragettes recuperated in the purpose built summer-house Emily's husband, Linley, created at Eagle House (suffragette's rest). Emily would take people on tours of the gardens and planted and showed flowers in the suffragette colours. 
Emily Blathwayt recorded in her diary which is in the public archives :"Elsie Howey, Vera Wentworth and Mary Phillips were arrested at Exeter and imprisoned for a week and it is said they are going through the hunger strike as the 14 have done. The crowds were with them outside Lord Carrington's meeting and all resisted police and two working men were arrested. The women would not pay the fine."
Resignation from the Women's Social and Political Union.
Later in the campaign, other actions by Vera Wentworth and Elsie Howey (who had stayed with the Blathwayts) were considered violent towards the Prime Minister, leading to Emily herself resigning from the WSPU, and her husband Linley writing to them both to object to this approach and also complaining to Christabel Pankhurst at the violence arising in the movement. Despite their real concerns about the physical damage to property and the risk to hurting innocent people, the Blathwayts continued to support their daughter's activism and to welcome suffragette visitors and support the eventual achievement of votes for women. 
Personal activities and a uniquely private view of the suffragette movement from Emily's family perspective gives us an insight which adds depth to that usually in the public domain or the press of the time.
Death and legacy.
Emily Blathwayt lived at Eagle House until her death in 1940. The archive of Emily's and Mary's personal diaries and the many photographs by Linley remain as an intimate record of the movement and its supporters. The trees that were planted at Eagle House were removed to make way for a housing estate. Other trees have been planted along with replacements for lost memorials. An art work was created to note the impact of Eagle House and of Annie Kenney (hosted by Emily Blathwayt) created by artist Jeni Wood in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56785696" url="?curid=56785696" title="De-Lite Recorded Sound Corporation">
De-Lite Recorded Sound Corporation


</doc>
<doc id="56785705" url="?curid=56785705" title="United States Committee on the Marine Transportation System">
United States Committee on the Marine Transportation System

The United States Committee on the Marine Transportation System (CMTS) is an inter-agency committee authorized by the United States Coast Guard and the Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Pub.L. 112-213, Sec. 310, § 55502) to coordinate policies affecting the U.S. Marine Transportation System (MTS). 
The CMTS is a Federal Cabinet-level, inter-departmental committee chaired by the United States Secretary of Transportation, with members including Secretaries and Administrators of 14 Departments and Independent Government Agencies, along with representatives from the Executive Office of the President. The CMTS is authorized to assess the adequacy of the MTS, promote the integration of the MTS with other modes of transportation and the marine environment, and coordinate, improve the coordination of, and make recommendations regarding federal policies that impact the MTS. 
The MTS is a network of ports, waterways, navigable channels, marine terminals, inter-modal connections that allow for the transportation of people and goods to, from, and on the water. The MTS includes 25,000 miles of navigable channels, 361 commercial ports, 50,000 Federal ATONs, 20,000 bridges, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Seaway. 

</doc>
<doc id="56785724" url="?curid=56785724" title="Jisu Prem English School">
Jisu Prem English School

Jisu Prem English School is located in Gajapati, Odisha, India. It is a Co-Educational institution managed by Private Un-Aided. The school comes under the category of Primary with Upper Primary.
Jisu Prem English School (JPES) was set up as part of the outreach and ministerial projects of the Church at Powai - Paripurna Mission.
Jisu Prem School was established in 2006 and it is managed by the Private Unaided Management. The current principal of the school is Lydia Royce. The medium of education is English. Current teacher to student ration is 1:40.

</doc>
<doc id="56785738" url="?curid=56785738" title="Eva Klabin Foundation">
Eva Klabin Foundation


</doc>
<doc id="56785745" url="?curid=56785745" title="Open heart (disambiguation)">
Open heart (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56785760" url="?curid=56785760" title="Faustine Fotso">
Faustine Fotso

The Honorable Faustine Villanneau Chebou Kamdem Fotso born on June 12, 1965, is a computer scientist, environmentalist, and lawyer from Cameroon.
Public life.
In 2012, Fotso was 1st Deputy Mayor of Baham, a town in Western Cameroon. In 2013, she was elected MP in the National Parliament Assembly, representing the highlands of the Western Region. She sits on the Constitutional Laws Committee and belongs to the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement.
Academic works.
Fotso wrote the publication "Environmental Impact Study in French and Cameroonian Law" in 2009 as part of the Masters Program of International and Environmental Law at the University of Limoges.
Charitable works.
Fotso is the founder of the charitable association "Flame of Love, of Peace and Justice" that had its inaugural meeting on September 20, 2016.
Awards.
On May 20, 2016, Fotso was awarded the civilian medal to the rank of the officer of the order of value at the 44th National Day of Unity in Baham.
Family.
Fotso is married to Lucas Fotso, regional director for the Cameroon electric company Aes Sonel Littoral. Together they have five children.

</doc>
<doc id="56785764" url="?curid=56785764" title="Joan Ferrier">
Joan Ferrier

Joan Mary Ferrier (December 14, 1953 – March 8, 2014) was a Dutch ortho pedagogue of Surinamese descent. From 1998 until 2012 she was director of E-Quality.
Ferrier was born as the daughter of Johan Ferrier, the first President of Suriname, and of Edmé Vas, a teacher. She was the older sister of the politician Kathleen Ferrier, and was the younger half sister of the authors Cynthia McLeod and Leo Ferrier.
Ferrier studied remedial education at the Rijksuniversiteit Utrecht and worked for the Sociaal Agogisch Centrum of the Burgerweeshuis (orphanage) where she eventually coordinated two shelter homes for Moroccan children. Besides, she was a teacher for transcultural pedagogue and scientific employee at the University of Amsterdam. When in 1997 four emancipation organisations for women decided to merge, Ferrier became the director of the new "Instituut voor Gender en Etniciteit in 1998", that later on got renamed to "E-Quality".
Starting from May 2012 she was the owner/director of her own consultancy agency.
Ferrier was member of the board of Ombudsvrouw Amsterdam, Technika 10, Young Women's Christian Association and the Nationale Commissie voor Internationale Samenwerking en Duurzame Ontwikkeling (NCDO). Also she was the initiator and boardmember of Stichting Johan Ferrier Fund.
In 2011 she was knighted Order of Orange-Nassau because of her efforts for emancipation, the family and diversity.

</doc>
<doc id="56785771" url="?curid=56785771" title="Lysmatidae">
Lysmatidae

Lysmatidae is a family of arthropods in the order Decapoda.

</doc>
<doc id="56785772" url="?curid=56785772" title="Eutychia (disambiguation)">
Eutychia (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56785776" url="?curid=56785776" title="Marjan Sax">
Marjan Sax

Marjan Sax (born 26 December 1947) is a feminist lesbian activist, member of Dolle Mina and co-founder of different feminist organisations, like Foundation Mama Cash. Sax is also an advisor for charity organisations.
Life.
Sax was born in Amsterdam and studied politics at the University of Amsterdam. She was teamleader at the Open School in the North of Amsterdam from April 1977 to 1981. After that she worked as a researcher at the Foundation Vrouw &amp; Media from March 1983 until June 1986, where she looked at the position of female journalists at Dutch newspapers. Sax is working as an independent advisor since 2003, also she is a publicist and is a member of different boards. Sax gave the 2003 Mosse Lecture, titled "Naar een nieuwe seksuele revolutie" ("Towards a new sexual revolution").
Activism.
Sax was active in Dolle Mina and was the co-founder of different feminist organisations: the Amsterdamse vrouwenhuis in 1973, the pro-abortion actiongroup "Wij Vrouwen Eisen" in 1974, the course Female Studies at the University of Amsterdam, the womenbar Saarein in 1978 where a lesbian-feminist collective organised events (amongst others mother-daughter days, poetry nights, folk song days and themed parties). And the Lesbian Archive Amsterdam (now IHLIA LGBT Heritage) in 1982. Sax also took part in many other lesbian and feminist activities. She was one of the occupiers of the abortion clinic Bloemenhove in Heemstede, that was threatened to be closed in 1976. This action played a role in the legalisation of abortion. Sax kept a diary of this occupation, it was published in "De Groene Amsterdammer."
In 1982 Sax co-founded the organisation Mama Cash with four others, where she was part of the board until 2003. Organisation Mama Cash has different funds for women projects that promote emancipation and feminism. Sax received a noteworthy heritage and in 1982 she gave Mama Cash an interest-free loan of 2,5 million guilders. The organisation was allowed to keep the profit. In the eighties and nineties Sax was involved in de Roze Draad (1985 - 1991, the feminist supportgroup of "De Rode Draad", an organisation for the improvement of the position of sex workers) and "Vrouwen tegen Uitzetting" (a collaboration to support female refugees).
The archive of Marjan Sax is being kept in Internationaal Archief voor de Vrouwenbeweging (IAV).
Rewards.
Sax has received different rewards for her efforts for the Dutch women's right movement, among others the Zilveren Anjer of the Prins Bernhard Cultuurfonds in 1995 and the Bob Angelo Penning of the COC in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="56785778" url="?curid=56785778" title="Hans Rudolf Mühlemann">
Hans Rudolf Mühlemann

Hans Rudolf Mühlemann (August 26, 1917 – June 1, 1997) was a Swiss dentist and medical academic. He was professor and director of the Dental Instituts University of Zurich.
Life and career.
Hans Rudolf Mühlemann was the son of Hans Mühlemann, a bank director in St. Moritz, Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland, and Elsa Müller, daughter of a textile industry family in Kandergrund, Canton of Bern, Switzerland. Hans R. Mühlemann attended primary school in St. Moritz, and high school in Schiers, Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. He studied both dentistry and medicine in Zurich. Already in his early childhood, he was interested in new technologies such as radio, television, telephone, computers and electronic gadgets of all kinds. He was an avid skier and ski jumper. During high school, he suffered a skiing accident that left him with a lifelong walking disability. Thereafter, his sport activity was limited to swimming and scuba diving. He completed his studies in dental medicine in 1942. Subsequently, he pursued his study of medicine at the universities of Bern, Geneva and Zurich. He received the Dr.med.dent. (DDS) degree in 1945 and Dr. med. (DMS) in 1948, both from the University of Zurich.
From 1946 through 1951 he was a teacher/instructor in the Department of Orthodontics at the University of Zurich, and for a short time also in the Department of Oral Surgery. During this time, he invented the “propulsor,” a device for treating jaw malformations. In 1951, he completed his postdoctoral thesis at the University of Zurich, based upon his research in the area of physiologic and pathologic tooth mobility. Thereafter, he pursued post-graduate education/training in the Department of Radiology at the University of Illinois, Chicago, and at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, where he studied the use of radioactive isotopes for marking tissues. At the university of Minnesota, he worked in the Department of Periodontology, gaining experience with primate model research systems. In 1953, he was called to chair the Department of Cariology and Periodontology at the University of Zurich, and was selected in 1963 as Director of the Dental Institute at the University of Zurich.
At the time that Hans R. Mühlemann was selected for a chairmanship in Zurich in 1953, Switzerland and much of Europe was in desperate straits in terms of dental/oral health. Dental offices were booked up for months in advance, and there was a shortage of dentists. There was scarcely time for the placement of adequate restorations. In the post-war years, children in Switzerland developed four carious teeth per year; frequently, the first permanent molars were extracted in 7- to 9-year-olds for “prophylactic” reasons.
During his years in the United States, Mühlemann had learned that caries incidence could be significantly reduced through fluoridation of the communal water supply. The assumption at that time was that fluoride by way of the blood vascular system would be incorporated into tooth substance during tooth development, and positively affect caries resistance. Mühlemann was able to demonstrate that fluoride was also effective when applied topically after tooth eruption; this led him to the development of fluoride-containing dentifrice and mouthwash, and also to the fluoridation of table salt. He created a Caries Research Station led by Klaus G. König, who was called to a professorship in Nijmegen, the Netherlands, in 1968.
Mühlemann was a member of numerous Swiss (SGP, SSO, ARPA, SSP) and international dental organizations (ORCA, FDI, ADA, AAP).
Research.
Together with Thomas M. Marthaler and Klaus G. König, Mühlemann organized a symposium in Zurich in 1961 to disseminate his ideas about caries prevention. Using practical measures such as tooth brushing with fluoride, proper at-home tooth cleaning methods, and reduction of sugar consumption, he called for the cessation of the caries epidemic.
Numerous research studies emanating from the Caries Research Station demonstrated which foodstuffs were responsible for rapid caries development. Mühlemann was able to demonstrate that topically applied fluoride reduced the acid solubility of tooth enamel and therewith incidence of dental caries. These studies led Mühlemann to the conclusion that fluoride incorporated into a dentifrice could exert a caries prophylactic effect. This conclusion was substantiated by numerous researchers at the University of Zurich Dental Institute. (Marthaler/Mühlemann/König: "elmex®" research). Over the course of 45 years, Prof. Thomas M. Marthaler conducted epidemiologic studies of Zurich school children; these were repeated every four years. This permitted Marthaler to report a 95% reduction of dental caries in 7- to 14-year-olds in Zurich and overall in Switzerland in the period from 1964 to 2006. A significant component of this success was the development and marketing of non-sucrose sweeteners and food additives. Mühlemann and his colleagues developed a radio-telemetric method for determination of the damaging potential of sweeteners. Products with low caries-inducing potential were permitted to use this fact in marketing endeavors. To this end, Mühlemann initiated a signet that could be used on products shown to be safe for teeth. This signet, a healthy tooth under a broad umbrella, is acknowledged today the world over.
During this intense period of laboratory and clinical research, Mühlemann founded the Continental European Division of the International Association of Dental Research (CED-IADR, 1964–65).
In addition to Klaus G. König and Thomas M. Marthaler, other coworkers supported and enhanced Mühlemann’s endeavors and were individually successful in their academic careers. These include names such as Hubert E. Schroeder, founder of Oral Structural Biology in Zurich, Bruno Regolati, who continued the research in caries prevention, Hans Graf and Thomas Imfeld, who advanced and perfected intraoral pH-telemetry, and Bernhard Guggenheim, who demonstrated the significance of oral microbiology and immunology.
In addition to these endeavors with dental caries, Mühlemann devoted himself as early as the 1960s to the treatment and prevention of periodontitis. In close collaboration with Klaus H. Rateitschak, Heinz H. Renggli, Jean-Pierre Bernimoulin, Zvonimir Curilovic and Herbert F. Wolf, he presented continuing education courses and wrote textbooks dealing with the pathophysiology and the systematic therapy of periodontitis. His textbooks became the gold standards for dental students in Switzerland, and were translated into many different languages.
The introduction of the profession of Dental Hygiene was another of Mühlemann’s goals, which he supported vigorously. Since 1973, four dental hygiene schools were founded, educating auxiliary personnel for the prevention of oral diseases and for conservative periodontal therapy. The very first Dental Hygiene school was in Zurich, developed and directed by Ulrich P. Saxer, who had trained under Mühlemann.
After the caries epidemic in Switzerland was brought under control as a result of scientific research, fluoridated dentifrice, salt fluoridation and fluoridation of communal water supplies in Basel, Mühlemann focused his energies into other projects. Mühlemann’s students Felix Lutz and Werner H. Mörmann improved the quality of dental restorations through innovative techniques and the use of newer composite restorations, as well as ceramic CAD/CAM technology (CEREC)
Publications.
Mühlemann published his research results in more than 400 scientific papers. His textbook “Introduction to Oral Preventive Medicine” (1974d/1976e) became a standard text for students of dental medicine.
In order to give the public broad information about the many practical research results from his laboratories and clinics, Mühlemann organized a dental public health exhibition displayed in many department stores and shopping centers in Switzerland, and even on busses and street cars. It was known as “Healthy Smile – Joyful Mouth.” The exhibit became a road show for over eight years in most Swiss cities, and was presented by Dental Hygienists and other dental auxiliary personnel. By way of this national exhibition and the first Dental Hygiene school in Switzerland, Mühlemann’s concept of good, preventive dental care was disseminated to a wide audience of lay persons.
He founded and published Helvetica Odontologica Acta (HOA), a Swiss dental journal published in the English language. He founded the “Journal of Clinical Periodontology” in 1972, and was its first editor.
• Introduction to Oral Preventive Medicine, A program for the first clinical experience. Quintessence Publishers, Berlin, 1976, , 253 pages.
• With Klaus H. Rateitschak and Heinz H. Renggli: Parodontologie: gesundes Parodont, Epidemiologie, Ätiologie, Diagnostik, Prophylaxe und Therapie parodontaler Erkrankungen, Thieme Publishers, 1978, , 274 pages
• Sugar substitutes and plaque pH telemetry in caries prevention. J. Clin. Periodontol. 1979; 6(7). pp 47–52. 
• Psychological and chemical mediators of gingival health, J. Prev. Dent. 1977; 4(4). pp. 6–17. 
• Intra-oral radiotelemetry. Int. Dent. J. 1971; 21(4), pp. 456–465. 
• Tooth mobility: a review of clinbical aspects and research findings. J. Periodontol. 1967; 38(6), pp. 686–713. 
Awards.
Hans Mühlemann received numerous honors and awards:
• The ORCA Prize in 1959, the ARPA Jaccard Prize in 1960
• The title “Dr. h.c.” from the Karolinska Institute, Stockholm
• The Award for Advancement of Dental Research, Boston, 1972
• The IADR Oral Therapeutics Award in 1973
• The most highly honored award in Switzerland, the “Otto Naegeli Prize,” in 1973
• Additional Dr. h.c. titles from various universities.
The Swiss Society for Periodontology (SSP) conveyed the “Mühlemann Research Prize” every four years.
Mühlemann died on June 1, 1997, in Zurich.
For a detailed report on the life and legacy of Hans Mühlemann, the reader is referred to the three issues of the professional journal SWISS DENT that were dedicated to him: 1/2017 (German), 1/2018 (German), 2/2018 (English)., www.verlag-dr-felix-wuest.ch,

</doc>
<doc id="56785786" url="?curid=56785786" title="Margaretha Meijboom">
Margaretha Meijboom

Margaretha Anna Sophia Meijboom or Meyboom (29 July 1856 - 26 September 1927) was a social worker, feminist and translator of Scandinavian literature into Dutch. She introduced many Scandinavian writers to the Netherlands, such as Henrik Ibsen, Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson and Selma Lagerlöf. She resisted the idea that a woman's role in society was in the home, and founded several cooperative organisations to further women's economic independence.
She considered herself less a socialist, communist or feminist than a pacifist.
Early life and time in Groningen.
Margaretha Meijboom was born in Amsterdam, the second daughter in a family of five boys and three girls. Her mother was Anjes H. F. Tydeman; her father, Louis Suson Pedro Meijboom, was a liberal minister of the Dutch Reformed Church. She inherited a deep social interest from him. Thanks to her Danish ancestry, she came to know Scandinavian literature, and when she was 17 she taught herself Danish. She later became a Sunday school teacher. Her father died in 1874, and in 1881 the rest of the family moved to The Hague. There she continued to be active as a social worker and teacher.
In 1890 Meijboom travelled to Copenhagen. There she attended lectures by the linguist Otto Jespersen, and became a certified translator in Danish and Norwegian. She also came into contact with recent public developments, such as the formation of a public library and, in the Vesterbro district, the idea of a cooperative commune. After her return to the Netherlands she organised lectures on this topic and published about it.
Until 1898 she lived in Groningen with her stepbrother, the university professor Hajo Uden Meyboom, and his family. In 1894 she became a board member of the Damesleesmuseum, a public library for women in The Hague. Together with Claudine Bienfait, another translator of Scandinavian languages, she made sure that the library included beside publications on social issues as well as literature. In the early 1890s Meijboom published several remarkable articles on women and housekeeping in the "Sociaal Weekblad" and in a book titled "Vrouwenwerk" (Women's Work). Meijboom was a strong voice in the debate on the 1897 feminist novel "" by Cecile van Beek en Donk.
In 1897 Meijboom met the Swedish writer Selma Lagerlöf. In addition to works by Lagerlöf (such as the children's book "The Wonderful Adventures of Nils"), she translated the work of such Scandinavian writers as Henrik Ibsen, Knut Hamsun and Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson into Dutch. She also translated into Dutch from English "The Inner Life" and other works by the founder of the Sufi Movement, Zia Inayat Khan.
The Hague.
In 1898 Meijboom moved to The Hague, where she became involved in the founding of the organisation that was to hold the , a national exhibition of women's labour inspired by an 1895 exhibition in Copenhagen. During this event the idea emerged to found a cooperative, the Coöperatieve Vereeniging 'De Wekker'. In 1901, a textile factory in The Hague was converted into a cooperative corporation, where all female workers earned a fixed salary, a share in the profit and a pension. Meijboom became president of the Governing Board. De Wekker produced and sold arts and crafts objects, small pieces of furniture and mainly reform clothing, loosely fitting dresses that replaced the corset. At its pinnacle 60 women were working for the cooperative.
From 1902 to 1904 Meijboom was editor of the weekly "Lente", and in 1904 she founded the magazine "Scandia". After publication of both magazines had ceased, she started the monthly "Scandinavië-Nederland".
For sixteen years, Meijboom was secretary of the Dutch Cooperative Women's Association ("Nederlandse Coöperatieve Vrouwenbond"), founded in 1900, and wrote about women and youth in its magazine "De Coöperator". She was initiator of the Broederschapsfederatie (1918), a collaborative project for theosophists, spiritualists, Esperantists, teetotalers, vegetarians and adherents of the (Pure Life) movement. She was also a board member of the International Cooperative Women's Guild, founded in Ghent in 1924.
Westerbro.
In reaction to the 1903 general strike, Meijboom came to the conclusion that a radical transformation of society was needed. She therefore co-founded, with Clara and Antonia Bokkes, the Cooperative Association 'Westerbro' in Rijswijk.
In September 1924 Meijboom and Bokkes moved to Voorburg, because of Bokkes' bad health, and founded the commune 'Nieuw Westerbro' (New Westerbro). Meijboom died there three years later. She was buried in the cemetery in Rijswijk. The Broederschapsfederatie and the Coöperatieve Vrouwenbond placed an oaken monument on her grave with the inscription: "Her mind was the key that unlocked old hearts to new world ideas."
The International Institute of Social History holds the archive of Margaretha Meyboom.

</doc>
<doc id="56785794" url="?curid=56785794" title="Binet Diop">
Binet Diop


</doc>
<doc id="56785809" url="?curid=56785809" title="IGR J17329-2731">
IGR J17329-2731

IGR J17329-2731 as described by European Space Agency astronomers is a single faint transient X-ray source (ATel #10644) observed with Swift/XRT on 16 August 2017 from 2:26 to 2:45 UTC with an effective exposure of time of 1 ks. It was detected within the positional uncertainty provided by INTEGRAL IBIS imagery. It was described as the birth of a symbiotic X-ray binary, a "first" in the lifecycle of an interacting binary star, or a zombie neutron star brought back to life by its neighboring red giant. When first described in 2017, it was seen as an X-ray flare "from an unknown source" in the direction from the galactic (Milky Way) center.

</doc>
<doc id="56785812" url="?curid=56785812" title="Table ice hockey">
Table ice hockey


</doc>
<doc id="56785824" url="?curid=56785824" title="ITHF table ice hockey">
ITHF table ice hockey


</doc>
<doc id="56785827" url="?curid=56785827" title="Lorne Lyndon Memorial Trophy">
Lorne Lyndon Memorial Trophy


</doc>
<doc id="56785838" url="?curid=56785838" title="Marie-Paule Cani">
Marie-Paule Cani

Marie-Paule Cani (born 1965) is a French computer scientist conducting advanced research in the fields of shape modeling and computer animation. She has contributed to over 200 research publications having around 5000 citations.
In 2007, Cani received the national Irène Joliot-Curie Prize to acknowledge her actions in mentoring women in computer science. She wants to strengthen the presence of women in scientific careers and mentors doctoral students. She won the Eurographics Award in 2011 for her work in outstanding technical contributions to the creation of 3D content.
In 1999, Institut Universitaire de France awarded her with junior membership.
In 2019 she is elected at the French Academy of sciences.
Positions held.
In 2014, Cani became the chair of computer science at the Collège de France.
Since May 2017, Cani has been professor of computer science at Ecole Polytechnique, Paris-Saclay, France. Prior to this, she held the same position at Grenoble INP from 1997 where she was the head of the INRIA research group EVASION, part of Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann, a joint lab of CNRS and Grenoble Université Alpes. She became a full Professor in 1997. For a period of five years, from 1993 to 1997, she served as an assistant professor at Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble. She started her academic career in 1990, as a Lecturer at Ecole Normale Supérieure, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="56785864" url="?curid=56785864" title="Minal Sampath">
Minal Sampath


</doc>
<doc id="56785867" url="?curid=56785867" title="S shape">
S shape


</doc>
<doc id="56785872" url="?curid=56785872" title="Christina Z">
Christina Z

Christina Z. is a writer known for being the first woman to break onto the "Wizard" magazine Top 10 list of top-selling writers. She achieved this status for her work on the Image Comics title "Witchblade". She wrote and laid the foundation of the first 39 issues of the "Witchblade" series. In 2008, she made news by taking the writing duties for Virgin Comics "Shadow Hunter" that featured adult film star Jenna Jameson. She has also been a music journalist on and off over the course of 20 years.
Early life.
Christina Z was discovered in comics from her writing as a music journalist. She was a column editor, music reviewer and club reviewer for "Urb" magazine in addition to freelancing for other music magazines at the time. She has worked with musicians in the area of writing and conceptualization.
Career.
Comics and graphic novels.
Under the imprint of Top Cow, Christina Z came on board writing and editing "Witchblade" #1 and continued writing the title for the next 3 1/2 years. She was instrumental in shaping the character throughout its seminal creation. She wrote episodes of "Ripclaw", a comic book about a supernatural Native American Indian. Upon the success of "Witchblade", Christina Z wrote episodes of "Tales of the Witchblade", a series that told historical events of the mythic weapon and Witchblade Destiny's Child series.
A split anthology series titled "Shadowplay" by IDW was one of the first R-rated comics that was written by Christina Z and illustrated by UK artist Ashley Wood. The theme of the book covered extreme BDSM themes and body modification.
A relaunch of the Tigra character initially created by Jack Kirby in 1972 was given a trademark intimate series by Christina Z for Marvel Comics by portraying the character in a vulnerable yet powerful perspective. It was pencilled by Mike Deodato Jr. and edited by Tom Brevoort. As a natural progression, Christina Z took her first child-friendly project by penning the "Powerpuff Girls" comics for DC Comics.
Acclaim Comics held the license for "Master Darque" and was relaunched as "Darque Passages" with Christina Z as the writer and "Hellblazer" artist Leonardo Manco. Under the editing team of Fabian Nicieza and Jeff Gomez, the relaunch consisted of a pre-release ashcan and was considered a great success that led the publishing company to relaunch their cadre of other historic characters.
Due to the success of the video game "BloodRayne", Echo 3 Worldwide contacted Christina Z to launch the "Bloodrayne" series. It tells the violent story of a Dhampir, half human, half vampire. Artistic duties were handled by illustrator Kody Chamberlain of vampire series "30 Days of Night" fame.
Progressing into self-produced comics, comic book and Blizzard video game artist Trent Kaniuga and Christina Z collaborated in creating a relaunch of his creator-owned CreeD called "Utopiate" under the imprint of Image Comics. The book was painted by Kaniuga with the graphic design, writing and lettering done by Christina Z.
In 2008, business magnate Richard Branson hopped into the comics world with "Shadow Hunter", a comic book with the combination of adult film star Jenna Jameson as the main character and Christina Z as the writer in a supernatural series. While controversy and complications would occur, the series was published. A press conference was called in New York on behalf of the company and moderated by comic book inker and creator, Jimmy Palmiotti. Christina Z did not attend.
Music journalism career.
Christina Z is known for being among the first to document the secretive and underground Los Angeles Rave scene in the 1990s with her column, "Da Scoop" for "Urb" magazine. Christina Z helped hand-distribute the monthly full-sized magazines to the warehouse parties every week after publication from the trunk of her car.
Christina Z worked with several electronic music and industrial music record labels, interviewing artists and reviewing music. Her writing has been featured in magazines such as "Urb", "Rolling Stone", "Alternative Press", "Fix", "Club Life", "Exit" and others.
Musical career.
Christina Z worked with Dreamworks Records, a subsidiary of Geffen Records to conceive the industrial music/ metal genre album "". The album includes tracks written, produced, performed and mixed by Peter Steele of Type O Negative, Buzz Osbourne of the Melvins, Kat Bjelland of Babes in Toyland, Jim Thirlwell of Foetus and Coil, Dave Ogilvie of Skinny Puppy, Chris Vrenna of Nine Inch Nails and Marilyn Manson, and Dave Mustaine of Megadeth.
In 2019, Christina Z teamed up with prolific Belgian composer Jean-Marc Lederman on a double CD hardcover photo book and ghost story anthology called "13 Ghost Stories". It features Beborn Beton staff Stefan Netschio, Bruderschaft staff Rexx Arkana, Cassandra Complex originator Rodney Orpheus and others. The art was created by visual artist Erica Hinyot.

</doc>
<doc id="56785877" url="?curid=56785877" title="Deep Learning Studio">
Deep Learning Studio

Deep Learning Studio is a software tool that aims to simplify the creation of deep learning models used in artificial intelligence. It is compatible with a number of open-source programming frameworks popularly used in artificial neural networks, including MXNet and Google's TensorFlow.
Prior to the release of Deep Learning Studio in January 2017, proficiency in Python, among other programming languages, was essential in developing effective deep learning models. Deep Learning Studio sought to simplify the model creation process through a visual, drag-and-drop interface and the application of pre-trained learning models on available data.
Irving, TX-based Deep Cognition Inc. is the developer behind Deep Learning Studio. In 2017, the software allowed Deep Cognition to become a finalist for Best Innovation in Deep Learning in the Alconics Awards, which are given annually to the best artificial intelligence software.
Deep Cognition launched version 2.0 of Deep Learning Studio at NVIDIA's GTC 2018 Conference in San Jose, CA.
Fremont, CA-based computing products supplier Exxact Corp provides desktop computers specifically built to handle Deep Learning Studio workloads.
Features.
Deep Learning Studio is available in two versions: Desktop and Cloud, both of which are free software. The Desktop version is available on Windows and Ubuntu. The Cloud version is available in single-user and multi-user configurations. A Deep Cognition account is needed to access the Cloud version. Account registration is free.
Deep Learning Studio can import existing Keras models; it also takes a data set as an input.
Deep Learning Studio's AutoML feature allows automatic generation of deep learning models. More advanced users may choose to generate their own models using various types of layers and neural networks.
Deep Learning Studio also has a library of loss functions and optimizers for use in hyperparameter tuning, a traditionally complicated area in neural network programming.
Generated models can be trained using either CPUs or GPUs. Trained models can then be used for predictive analytics.
Deep Learning Studio has been cited for being a user-friendly deep learning tool.

</doc>
<doc id="56785899" url="?curid=56785899" title="Frances Cromwell">
Frances Cromwell

Frances Russell ("née" Cromwell; 1638–1720) was the ninth child and youngest daughter of Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and his wife, Elizabeth Cromwell. She was baptized at St. Mary's Church in Ely on 6 December 1638.
Family and marriage.
After growing up in the Cromwell family home, Frances moved to both Whitehall and Hampton Court when her parents became the protector and protectoress of England. Historians have linked her to several suitors, amongst them Charles II, but she did not marry until 11 November 1657 when she wed Robert Rich (1634–1658), grandson of Robert Rich, second earl of Warwick (1587–1658), and only son and heir of Robert Rich, Lord Rich (1611–1659). After a difficult courtship and days of celebration the marriage was short-lived: Rich, who had been ill at the time of the marriage, died 16 February 1658 at Whitehall.
Five years later, on 7 May 1663 Frances married Sir John Russell. Russell died in March 1669. Frances raised their five children, before spending the latter part of her life with her sister Mary and her husband Thomas.
Children.
Sir John and Lady Frances had three sons and two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="56785939" url="?curid=56785939" title="Charlotte Jacobs (feminist)">
Charlotte Jacobs (feminist)


</doc>
<doc id="56785943" url="?curid=56785943" title="Marnham, Nottinghamshire,">
Marnham, Nottinghamshire,


</doc>
<doc id="56785955" url="?curid=56785955" title="You're Driving Me Crazy (album)">
You're Driving Me Crazy (album)

You're Driving Me Crazy is the 39th studio album by Irish musician Van Morrison and Joey DeFrancesco.

</doc>
<doc id="56785958" url="?curid=56785958" title="Best Actress Award (Karlovy Vary IFF)">
Best Actress Award (Karlovy Vary IFF)

The Best Actress Award is one of main awards of the Feature Film Competition at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. It is conferred on the best actress, or the best actresses ex aequo.

</doc>
<doc id="56785970" url="?curid=56785970" title="Emily Riehl">
Emily Riehl

Emily Riehl is an American mathematician who has contributed to higher category theory and homotopy theory. Much of her work, including her PhD thesis, concerns model structures and more recently the foundations of infinity-categories. She is the author of two textbooks and serves on the editorial boards of three journals.
Education and career.
Riehl grew up in Bloomington-Normal, Illinois.
As a high school student at University High School in Normal in 2002, she won third place in the national Intel Science Talent Search for a project in mathematics entitled "On the Properties of Tits Graphs".
Riehl attended Harvard University as an undergraduate; with Benedict Gross as a mentor, she wrote a senior thesis on local class field theory. She also headed the school rugby team and played viola in the Harvard–Radcliffe Orchestra. After Harvard, she completed part III of the Maths Tripos at Cambridge. She defended her doctoral dissertation, "Algebraic model structures", at the University of Chicago in 2011, supervised by J. Peter May.
Between 2011 and 2015, Riehl held a position at Harvard University as a Benjamin Peirce Postdoctoral Fellow. Since 2015, she has been employed at Johns Hopkins University, where she became an associate professor in 2019. In addition, she teaches on edX and has hosted videos for Numberphile. Along with Benedict Gross and Joe Harris, she developed a Harvard course on edX titled "Fat Chance: Probability from the Ground Up".
Honors and awards.
In January 2020, Riehl received the JHU President's Frontier Award, a $250,000 award that "supports individuals at Johns Hopkins who are breaking new ground and poised to become leaders in their field". She is the sixth JHU faculty member to receive the award.
Riehl was awarded the 2021 AWM Joan &amp; Joseph Birman Research Prize "for her deep and foundational work in category theory and homotopy theory." She is the fourth winner of this prize.
Service and outreach.
Riehl is a host of the n-Category Café, a blog on subjects related to category theory in mathematics, physics, and philosophy. She is a board member of the LGBT mathematical association Spectra.
Other activities.
In addition to her mathematical work, Riehl has competed on the United States women's national Australian rules football team at the Australian Football International Cup, and was vice captain of the team at the 2017 cup.
While working as a postdoctoral researcher at Harvard, she played electric bass in the band Unstraight. She has also written about "unstraightening" in her mathematical research.
Books.
Riehl is the author of three books, with a fourth in preparation:

</doc>
<doc id="56785984" url="?curid=56785984" title="Center for Literature and Arts, Dion">
Center for Literature and Arts, Dion

The Center for Literature and Arts (Greek Κέντρο Γραμμάτων και Τεχνών) in Dion is concerned with the promotion of writers, singers, musicians and the passing on of the art of mosaic production. The association is divided into the sections literature, orchestra, choir, polyphonic choir, and mosaic. The main focus is on the youth orchestra Dion.
The association.
Seat of the association is in Dion, Central Macedonia, in Greece. The association was founded in 2011 on the initiative of the former mayor of Dion, Grigoris Papachristos. He has about 170 members (as of March 2018), many of whom are artistically active. The board consists of nine members, elections take place every three years. The club is financed by the membership fees and donations, it is occasionally supported by tax revenue.
Departments.
The youth orchestra.
The youth orchestra (Ορχήστρα Νέων Δίου) was founded in 2007 and initially supported by the municipality Dion. In 2011, the orchestra was incorporated into the club and represents the society throughout Greece and occasionally abroad. The age of the young musicians is between eight and 25 years; Since its inception, Nikos Patris has directed the destiny of the orchestra. Mainly classical Greek music is performed. The instruments used are mainly baglamas, bouzouki, guitar and drums, occasionally singers are accompanied by classical instruments. The instruments are the property of the musicians and are not provided by the association.
Due to studies, military service, education, etc. not all orchestra members live near Dion, some have other music teachers at their place of residence. At concerts of supraregional importance, the musicians meet for this performances; the number of musicians at concerts varies between 25 and 50. The orchestra has accompanied prominent Greek artists musically and performed the works of Greek composers. Some of them are:
Important concerts:
The choir.
In the choir of the association about 80 singers perform, with female singers as majority. In addition to the classical choir there is a smaller group that recites polyphonic songs. Here are around 20 people active. Usually, the choir performs together with the youth orchestra.
Literature.
Some club members are active writers. The association supports their activities by providing a worthy framework for the publication of their books, establishing contacts with the press and providing the authors with a platform for discussion.
Recent publications:
Mosaic.
At the suggestion of Professor Dimitrios Pandermalis, leading archaeologist at the Dion archaeological site, south of the archaeological museum, a building was erected to teach up-and-coming artists the traditional methods of mosaic-making. The project is now managed by the Center for Literature and Arts. During the summer months, there are annual seminars run by experienced mosaic artists.

</doc>
<doc id="56785986" url="?curid=56785986" title="John Barrett (Massachusetts Politician)">
John Barrett (Massachusetts Politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56785992" url="?curid=56785992" title="Coke Studio (Pakistani season 11)">
Coke Studio (Pakistani season 11)

The Eleventh season, titled as Coke Studio: The Sound of Nation of Pakistani music television series "Coke Studio" premiered in Pakistan on 10 August 2018. Musicians Ali Hamza and Zohaib Kazi were announced as a new producers and directors for the series, after Strings stepped down from the role to pursue their own music. The series was produced under Kazi and Hamza's production company Front Foot Media and was distributed by The Coca-Cola Company Pakistan.
As a part of new module, Kazi and Hamza created a spin-off series "Coke Studio Explorer" which was released on 3 July 2018 and featured regional but largely unknown artists across the country where their performances were recorded live. The series opened to rave reviews and received critical acclaim. Despite the success of "Explorer" series, season eleven, received mixed reception from the critics.
The ninth and last episode was released on 19 October 2018. The season consisted of 30 tracks plus one promo song.
Artists.
Featured Artists.
Following is a list of thirty-nine artists (seventy individuals) including eight bands, five duos and twenty-six solo artists.
Musicians.
Following are the musicians line-up for season:
Production.
Development.
After producing four seasons, Bilal Maqsood and Faisal Kapadia of Strings left the show to continue their own music, and "Coke Studio Season 10" was the last season prodeced by them. After Strings departure, it was earlier reported that Noori will take charge as a new producers, however their publicist denied such reports.
In March 2018, Coca-Cola Pakistan announced Ali Hamza and Zohaib Kazi would helm the production and direction of eleventh season. Coca-Cola officially released a statement saying that "both "Coke Studio" veterans" have played "an instrumental role in its success over the years. We cannot wait to share their brilliance with all of you" in the "new chapter of the "Coke Studio"" journey. Fahad Qadir who is a director of public Affairs and communications of Coca-Cola, revealed on approaching Kazi and Hamza saying, "I think it was a natural evolution. Rohail Hyatt came to a point where he thought change was good" and "he brought "Coke Studio" where it is today. Strings had a different sound and brought in a different bag of producers. […] These are the producers we feel have the right blend, the experience, the history with "Coke Studio" the understanding of "Coke Studio" to take it to the next level."
In July 2018, "Arab News" revealed that Hamza and Kazi had first met in August 2017 in Lahore, two months before they were approached for the show. Kazi recounts, "that was the first time we connected on a personal level", while Hamza told, "We sat down to talk very specifically about this opportunity", and within minutes "I truly felt I had known Zohaib for a long time." They told "Dawn Images" in an interview that before they "started speaking to Coca-Cola", they "talked generally, about life and people and Pakistan". They had long discussions about the responsibility that "Coke Studio" had to be spread across the country to attract both; urban and rural areas; as "the regions and its people collectively make Pakistan."
The series went into production in April 2018 and finished filming the following month at Karachi. Post-production took place in June and July at Front Food Media in Lahore.
"Coke Studio Explorer".
As a part of a new module, a spin-off series "Coke Studio Explorer" was created before the launch of season, on a concept similar to Kazi's previous work on his album "Fanoos" that featured relatively unknown artists across the country where recordings were done live and edited later. In an interview to "Daily Times" by the duo, Kazi explained, "in "Fanoos", we limited ourselves to recording musicians on location. We do much more in "Coke Studio Explorer" by highlighting the culture, stories and ethos behind the music. After presenting the musicians in their home locations, we bring them to our studios" to record in traditional "Coke Studio" style too. Hamza said, "we established the criteria for selection before embarking on our search for musicians", they "had to be talented" and to "to represent a unique aspect of the culture, history and spirit of Pakistan." The duo developed a special mobile recording system for the on-location recordings and while additional tracks and engineering was completed in studio.
The duo travelled in all four provinces and Kashmir to find artists that were known in their native regions but were unknown to mainstream media. The duo discovered a sixteen-year old pair of Amrina and Ariana from Kalash, Chitral, the brother-sister duo of Vishnu and Shamu Bai from Deewan Lal Chand a village in interior Sindh, while from Sohbatpur District, Balochistan they found throat-singers Mangal, Darehan and Shayan (now known as Bloach Throat singers), a fusion band Qasamir lead by Altaf Mir with Ghulam Mohammad Daar, Manzoor Ahmed Khan, Saifuddin Shahfrom from Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir, and the fifth and final collaboration was with Mishal Khawaja a Pakistani born-Canadian singer, who was discovered through her Instagram covers.
The "Explorer" series has received largely positive reviews from critics, with particular praise given to its new module, diversity, performances and "Coke Studio" efforts in showcasing and bringing the indigenous art form of Pakistan to the mainstream media.
Debutants and comebacks.
Among thirty-nine artists, fifteen musicians debut with season eleven including seven bands, five duos, and three solo artists. Actor and singer Ahad Raza Mir, Lahore-based rapper Young Desi; singer Elizabeth Rai who is particularly known for her song in the film "Teri Meri Love Story" and Illinois-based duo Jahan and Yasmine Yousaf of Krewella made their debuts. Four of five artists from "Coke Studio Explorer" series appeared in the season, while singers Riaz Qadri and Ghulam Qadri along with hip-hop band L.U.G (Lyari UnderGround), who previously worked with Kazi on his album "Fanoos", also made their debuts.
For the first time in the history of "Coke Studio", two transgender singers, Naghma and Lucky were included as featured artists. Their appearance received overwhelming response from media critics and people. Several featured artists returned from previous seasons as well, including Humera Arshad who was on hiatus before appearing in the tenth season. Arshad remarked, "this will be the beginning of a new phase for me in my singing career."
Release.
First episode was screened in a special event at Pearl-Continental Hotel in Lahore, attended by "Coke Studio" team, artists and notable personalities including Allama Iqbal's family. During the release the marketing director Abbas Arslan revealed the show features "12 languages, 35 instruments with 70 artists whove composed more than 40 songs." Stating further he said, "Ali and Zohaib travelled 5500 kilometers" to discover "Explorer artists" that were included in the season. Sharing on how they wanted to be season-eleven Kazi said, "music is a powerful tool to spread a message so this is ours to the world. From Hunza to Karachi we have many gems and we must find pride in them all". After the Friday release of webisode, these were broadcast on Saturday on radio stations and television channels of Pakistan.
Promo song.
Preceding the release of season, as a part of a traditional format, "Coke Studio" revealed this year featured artists performing a rendition of popular nazm, "Hum Dekhenge" by poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz, originally recorded by Iqbal Bano. The promo song also manifests the nation's political situation in the midst of general elections. On continuing the tradition of title song, Kazi and Hamza said that this season's journey of began with "Coke Studio Explorer", "we couldn't be more confident about the power of human stories coming together to form a bigger picture", so "there couldn't be a better choice for a track than: "Hum Dekhenge" – A song by sung the people of Pakistan, for the people of Pakistan!" The song was well received by critics and public.
Critical reviews.
Television critic Shaheer Anwar of "The Express Tribune" said, "the duo promised to bring a new flavour to the traditional "Coke Studio" and seem to have accomplished their goal so far by introducing "Coke Studio Explorer". This is what many are calling a bonus to the upcoming season that aims to discover musical talent from all across Pakistan." Actor turned musician Arshad Mehmud said, "the new season of "Coke Studio" comes with a message of love, unity, passion and pride that is exceedingly relevant to the current times. It should be heard, savoured and celebrated." "Forbes" contributor journalist, Sony Rehman from Lahore marked, ""Coke Studio"'s previous seasons have dealt with its fair share of criticism and mixed reactions over certain song selections and collaborations, gauging by "Coke Studio Explorer", it may just hit all the right notes this year." The season has been praised for its diversity and inclusion of new artists, Ali Samoo wrote, "this season seems to have made a very strong effort to cast an all-inclusive and representative musical spirit, painting a vibrant picture of Pakistan for the world to see. It is perhaps to show us how togetherness is what makes us beautiful, to prevent a divide and to convey solidarity amongst the nationals. The culturally pluralist amalgamation was perhaps made also to make the election time a bit more peaceful." However, season eleven received mixed reception from critics and public, criticizing the quality of music as compared to previous seasons. Imane Babar Wahedi of "The Express Tribune" was more critical of the show saying, "the producers focus on delivering decent performances, rather than trying too hard to be innovative," she further said, "their efforts have been praiseworthy in terms of bringing diversity to Coke Studio, but on a separate note, they shouldn't be neglecting the quality of their music."
The first episode received mixed reception from critics and publications; it was praised for its diversity both in music and casting, but it was critically reviewed for its quality of music. Writing for "The Express Tribune", Ramsha Vistro remarked, "the episode managed to display an array of formations and stood for change featuring transgenders and an all-female band. I think it's safe to say, "Coke Studio's" latest offering did not fail to make a mark." The songs "Main Irada" and "Shika/Jawab-e-Shikwa" received critical acclaim. Second episode contained a mix of traditional and modern rendition of songs receiving mixed reception from the critics. Rahul Aijaz of "The Express Tribune" quipped, "Hamza and Kazi are surely bringing a change to "Coke Studio". They get full points for innovation. But overall, the sound isn't mature enough yet. I can't decide whether it's because the producers are trying too hard or because they are more concerned about implementing their ideology, even if that compromises on the music." Episode three garnered positive reception, with particular praise was given to Fareed Ayaz and Abu Muhammad performance of "Piya Ghar Aya", while "Express Tribune" concluded the episode with moderate reception saying, "after what was a generally disappointing start to the season, "Coke Studio" is somewhat back on track with episode three. The Esakhelvi duo brought something fresh, Fareed Ayaz, Abu Muhammad Qawwal and Brothers gave us a taste of what we originally loved about the show, and Bagga topped it all off with a melody nostalgic of an era long gone. Song "Roye Roye" achieved mixed reception among the third episode, some praising the song as "nostalgic revival of old school melodies", and some complained it for its "clichéd lyrics", Maheen Sabeeh of "The News International" bemoaned "a song that's a bit too long and in the end sounds like a pop ditty gone awry with equally tedious lyrics and every instrument thrown on the board, for example, a weeping flute. It's a bit like suffering to listen to this suffering ballad of a song." Episode four also drew mixed reception, however, Chand Tara Orchestra's performance received critical acclaim, while the other two songs "Atish" and "Mahi Aaja" received moderate reception.

</doc>
<doc id="56785995" url="?curid=56785995" title="Simon Flem Devold">
Simon Flem Devold

Simon Flem Devold birthname Helge Flem Devold (17 March 1929 – 20 May 2015) born in Namsos, Norway, was a Norwegian author, journalist and jazz clarinetist.
When he was three years of age he and his family moved to Ålesund, where he was raised. His change of name from Helge to Simon occurred in connection with his affiliation with Subud, a worldwide association with Indonesian Indonesian roots where «the desire for the individual is to find the person you want to be here on earth».
In 2012, Devold received the Fritt Ord Honorary Award for his «groundbreaking commitment as a facilitator of children's voices, life experiences and rights» through the column «På skråss» in "Aftenposten", often based on taboo themes.
Author and writer.
Devold is perhaps best known as a representative and defender for the children, including through his regular column in "Aftenposten", «På skråss».
Devold's debuted as author with the book "Gutta og jeg" in 1973, a collection of portraits of city originals. He has written 17 books, equally distributed between books on children's understanding of life and rights, and books on urban originals. His perhaps most famous book, "Morten, 11 år", has been translated into Swedish, German, Dutch and Japanese.
He also worked as a journalist at "Sunnmørsposten", where he was particularly noted with his sharp pen – and the figure Maskemakk, which featured in Sunnmørsposten in the 1970s and was known for its quaint English: «The fast-window went on reason» (Hurtigruta ran aground).
The musician.
Devold led the S.F.D. Quartet, and in recent years he played a lot with Tord Gustavsen. Devold's quartet played swing jazz à la Benny Goodman, and from the mid-1950s he was one of the most famous jazz groups in Norway, especially in his genre. The quartet originally consisted of Devold (Clarinet and Saxophone), Ivar Skuseth (Vibraphone), Kåre Halvorsen (Piano) and Leif Hessen (Drums). The quartet was periodically expanded to quintet with additional guitar accompaniment.
Devold contributed to Turid Lisbeth Nygård's children's jazz record "Trollhalen" (Musico, 2001). Together with Marit Carlsen he released the album "Swingende Barnetro" (KKV, 1989), and with Jon Kirkebø Rosslund and Pål Are Bakksjø he provided jazz kindergarten at Hemnesjazz (1999).
Children of the Earth.
In 1987 Devold got the idea that Nordkapp could be used for something of positive importance far beyond Norway's borders. In collaboration with, among others, Nordkapps Vel, seven children from different parts of the earth gathered at Nordkapp. Hence the name of the "Barn av Jorden" (Children of the Eart). The project has been transformed into an award given to a person or project that has shown care and ability to help distressed children. Barn av Jorden's Prize are worth NOK 100,000 and are awarded each year in June at Nordkapp.

</doc>
<doc id="56786006" url="?curid=56786006" title="Adelina Zendejas">
Adelina Zendejas

Adelina Zendejas (16 December 1909 – 4 March 1993) was a Mexican teacher, journalist and feminist, who was one of the first writers to discuss gender inequality and the social status of women in the country. In 1988, she was the recipient of the .
Early life.
Adelina Zendejas Gómez was born on 16 December 1909 in Toluca, State of Mexico, Mexico to Carmen Gómez and Manuel Zendejas Martínez. As a child, Zendejas wanted to study medicine and was encouraged by her father, a railroad worker and activist and her maternal great-grandfather, , a Catholic intellectual and the first rector of the National University of Mexico, before it gained its autonomy. With the support of José Vasconcelos, who gave her a scholarship to allow her to study, Zendejas entered the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria in 1921, as one of the first women to enter the institution. Among her classmates were Frida Kahlo, Carmen Jaime, Alejandro Gómez Arias, Agustín and Miguel N. Lira, Alfonso Villa, and José Zález Ramírez. After completing her studies at the Preparatoria in 1924, Zendejas studied history, literature and pedagogy, but also took law courses, at the National University of Mexico obtaining her degree in 1928.
Career.
Zendejas began her career teaching history and literature at the high school level in 1928. Simultaneously, she began working as a journalist for the newspaper "El Universal Gráfico". Teaching was an expected occupation for women at the time, though her university degree rather than a normal school license was unusual, as was her work in journalism, a field dominated by men in that era. In 1929, she joined with Eulalia Guzmán, Elena Landázuri, Antonieta Rivas Mercado, Elena Torres, Luz Uribe, Elvira Vargas, Luz Vera, and others to work on the presidential campaign for Vasconcelos. Though he supported enfranchisement and education for women, Vasconcelos lost his bid for the presidency and Zendejas eventually drifted toward socialism.
In 1935, the (Single Front for Women's Rights, FUPDN) was formed and Zendejas along with others joined the organization. FUPDN's main goals were to fight against fascism and imperialism, support an eight-hour work day, provide agricultural reform and social security, and improve women's lives through health initiatives, full citizenship and the vote. The aims were seen as radical and Zendejas later recounted that when the group held protests in the city square activists were often pelted with rotten fruits and vegetables. In 1937, she joined the Mexican Communist Party pressing for the equality of men and women and an end to social injustice. She continued the fight for women in Mexico to attain the vote through the 1940s, which was finally achieved in 1952.
Zendejas wrote as a correspondent for numerous newspapers including "Excélsior", "El Nacional", "El Popular", and "El Universal". Many of her articles were on the rights of women and children and the need for education. She founded two journals "Magisterio" (Teaching) and "La Maestra" (The Teacher) in 1956 and served as the director for the Ministry of Finance's Social Services newsletter. That same year, she traveled to Budapest as a delegate to the First World Conference of Women Workers. In 1959, she left teaching after forty-two years and around 1963, she withdrew from the Mexican Communist Party. In 1963, she founded with other colleagues the newspaper "El Dia" and began writing a column, under the pseudonym Yolia, "Ellas y la vida" (She and life), which she would write for the next eighteen years.
Between 1964 and 1974, Zendejas served as president of the Institute of Friendship and Cultural Exchange Mexico-USSR and was honored the year following her resignation with a medal from the USSR in recognition her work to build friendship and cultural exchange between the two countries. By the time that the second wave of Mexican Feminism began to emerge in 1968, the women of Zendejas' generation were seen as out of step with the student movement, the emerging countercultural movement and the sexual revolution. Young feminists who wanted immediate action, felt that their foremothers had not done enough to transform society. Resenting that characterization, Zendejas would spend the next thirty years researching and writing the history of women's contributions in Mexico.
In 1975, Zendejas coordinated events for the World Conference on Women held in Mexico City. She was a commentator on the newscast "Enlace" which was broadcast in 1981 on Channel 11 and two years later began work as the column editor for "Binomio" in the newspaper "Excélsior". Zendejas was honored as a knight in the Order of Friendship of Peoples by the USSR in 1982 and in 1988, received the of Mexico.
Among her works are: "La guerra: delincuencia infantil y juvenil", "La crisis de la educación en México" (1958) and "Frida Kahlo en la preparatoria" (1964). Her two most important volumes, "La mujer en la Intervención Francesa" (Women in French intervention, 1962) and "Las luchas de las mujeres de 1821 a 1975" (Women's struggles from 1821 to 1975, 1993), published after her death. Until her posthumous volume was published, political figures had taken credit for gaining women's suffrage and discounted the women and movements that helped secure women's rights. She recovered the history of the FUPDN, and the women involved in it, like Ester Chapa, Cuca García, Concha Michel and Josefina Vicens, all of whom played a critical role in the social reforms which took place in the post-Revolutionary development of the country.
Death and legacy.
Zendejas died on 4 March 1993 in Mexico City. She wrote her own epitaph, which is widely quoted "Luchadora incansable por los derechos de la Mujer y del niño. Mujer revolucionaria y convicta del materialismo dialéctico" (Tireless fighter for the rights of women and children. Revolutionary woman and convicted of dialectical materialism.)

</doc>
<doc id="56786009" url="?curid=56786009" title="Rosa Jochmann">
Rosa Jochmann

Rosa Jochmann (19 July 1901 - 28 January 1994) was an Austrian and Ravensbrück survivor who became a politician (SPÖ).
Life.
Provenance and early years.
Rosa Jochmann was born in the 20th district of Vienna, the fourth of her parents' six children. Her father worked as an iron foundryman: her mother worked in domestic service and as a laundry worker. While she was still very young the family moved to the 11th district (Simmering Viertel), in the southeast of the city, where they lived in a succession of rented rooms until 1912 when they moved into an apartment in the one of the new so-called "Krankenkassenhäusern" (social housing - literally: "sickness insurance houses") which had been built at the instigation of the socialist politician , alongside the "Braunhubergasse" (street). She would still be living in southeast Vienna seventy years later.
Her parents had both migrated to the capital from Moravia, where her father had been active in the Social democratic movement. Her mother grew up in a Roman Catholic family. The language spoken at home was for the most part Czech - sometimes identified in contemporary sources as "Bemisch". Jochmann later recalled that her father had never really learned German. He was, according to at least one source, frequently unemployed because of his reputation as a political activist. His daughter later recalled in an interview that he "was a Social Democrat who never went to church, but [the children always] had to say their prayers". The Jochmann children grew up bilingual.
When Rosa Jochmann was fourteen her mother died, aged just forty-one from multiple sclerosis (or, according to other sources, exhaustion). Jochmann later told an interviewer that she had by this time been nursing her sick mother for six years. She now became the principal carer for her two surviving younger sisters, Josefine (Peperle) and Anna (Antschi), while also looking after her father. War had broken out in 1914 and Rosa's brother, Karl, returned with Tuberculosis, the "Viennese sickness" / "Wiener Krankheit" as it is described in one source. Karl died in 1920. In his later years her father had a large red scar on his shoulder which had been inflicted with a sabre by a government official on a horse who had been policing a street protest. Rosa was with her father at the demonstration, conducted in order to press for voting rights, when her father received his injury. Like his wife, he never reached old age, dying in 1920 at around the same time as his only son.
Work.
As a child it was Rosa Jochmann's ambition to become a nun and teacher, or a mother. When she was eleven, as a top student at her school, she was able to complete a typing and stenography course, which under other circumstances might have opened the way to a teaching career, but her domestic situation closed off that option. Nor would she ever become a mother. In 1915 she started work as an assistant with , a long established Viennese manufacturer of sweets/candy. Because she was relatively young (and despite her domestic responsibilities) she earned only half as much as older workers, even though she was just as productive as they were. This gave rise to a sense of injustice which would become a theme of her later political activism. Then, because of the war, she was conscripted for work at a cable factory. Here, during a night shift, she dozed off and crushed a finger on the flywheel of a winding-drum. She transferred to the Apollo candle factory (today part of Unilever), after which she ended up at the Auer gas mantle plant. Early on she became a works council member and active trades unionist. In 1920 colleagues at Auer elected her chair of the works council.
Political career.
Jochmann's union activism continued, and increasingly came to embrace a wider political activism. In 1926 the head of the Chemical Workers Union, Julius Weiß, arranged for her to be a member of the first group of students at the newly established in Vienna 19 (Döbling). She was one of very few women attending the wide ranging six month course which she completed successfully. Topics included , and Rhetoric. Her teachers included future leaders of the Social Democratic movement in Austria, such as Otto Bauer and Karl Renner. Still aged only 25, she emerged to be appointed union secretary of the Chemical Workers Union.
Rosa Jochmann also joined the Social Democratic Party ("Sozialdemokratischen Arbeiterpartei" / SDAP) in 1926. She attended that year's party conference, at which the important was adopted, as an observer, viewing from the visitors' gallery. Very quickly, however, she moved up the party hierarchy. In 1932 she became a member of the party Women's Secretariat. In 1933, at the last party conference before the SDAP was banned, Rosa Jochmann and Helene Postranecky (1903-1995) were elected to the party national executive in succession to Adelheid Popp (1869-1939) and Therese Schlesinger (1863-1940).
Austrofascism.
During the four day February Uprising in 1934 Rosa Jochmann was installed inside the Republican Protection League headquarters at . From there she stenographed radio messages, updating the outside world about the progress of the fighting, and then delivering texts to and Julius Deutsch in the next door room. The insurgency collapsed after the government called in the army. On the night of 12 February 1934 Jochmann was one of those who persuaded the leader of the party, , that for him to remain in Austria would be personally fatal. Bauer escaped across the border to the north, and would spend the next four years as a political exile in Brno. He instantly resigned the party leadership, but during the difficult years that followed was able to remain in frequent contact with former party comrades as an advisor and inspiration. All the individuals who had been members of the party national executive faced charges of high treason: most were arrested in the days following the armed altercation.
Directly after the February events the SDAP was expressly outlawed, in the context of a more far reaching programme of destruction by the Dollfuß government, aimed at Austria's democratic political structure. Jochmann managed to evade immediate capture and continued with - now illegal - party work while using a forged identity card as "Josefine Drechsler" (which was her younger sister's name). She was able to remain at liberty for more than half a year, and was at the centre of attempts to create an illegal successor organisation to the SDAP. On 26 February 1934 five political comrades who had not been arrested met in a private apartment in Vienna 9: Manfred Ackermann, Roman Felleis, , Rosa Jochmann und initially described themselves as the "national group of five" ("zentralen Fünfergruppe"), but were very soon identifying themselves as the "Central Committee of the Revolutionary Socialists" ("Zentralkomitee der Revolutionären Sozialisten"). The concentrated on building opposition to the Austrofascist régime. Jochmann addressed illegal rallies, participated in "conferences and actions" and engaged in the distribution of printed material. Armed with her sister's identity card, she made repeated visits to the Czechoslovak frontier near Brno, from where she smuggled leaflets and bundles of the illegal "Arbeiterzeitung" ("Workers' Newspaper") into Austria.
There was a widespread perception that the Austrofascist régime would not last, and political activity, though illegal, was still relatively brazen during the middle part of 1934. Leaflets were distributed and stickers applied to walls and street furniture. There were even public meetings. A commemorative rally was scheduled for 15 July 1934 at the Predigtstuhl Meadows in the Wienerwald (Vienna Woods), just outside the city. Jochmann was due to speak. As she began to address several hundred people the local police, backed up by the gendarmerie stormed the event. Two people were shot. "More gendarmes turned up and our people tried to defend themselves. Shots were fired and many people fled. You heard screaming and moaning."
Arrest.
On 30 August 1934 Rosa Jochmann arrived at the railway station in Wiener Neustadt carrying two brief cases. She was observed by a police informer as she approached a newspaper kiosk. She was intending to hand over political leaflets for onward distribution. Police appeared as she reached the kiosk. They arrested Jochmann, confiscated the leaflets and searched the kiosk." Jochmann was detained at Wiener Neustadt for three months before the ordered that she be transferred back to Vienna, where she was held in investigative detention at the on behalf of the Vienna district court. By 22 November 1935 Rosa Jochmann would have spent fifteen months in jail, most of which comprised pre-trial detention.
Records survive of her interrogation sessions, which when first she was incarcerated often took place several times per day over a succession of days. The investigators were trying to reconstruct the events of the February Uprising, the identities of those involved and their connections with the Republican Protection League. It as not till April 1935 that she was convicted and sentenced. She was guilty of carrying illegal goods - the political printed matter - which was a violation of . More serious convictions resulted from the police search of the newspaper kiosk at the railway station. The prosecution asserted that evidence had been found for the training of the so-called "tens of thousands", a quasi-military structure created to engage in illegal activities, and that Jochmann had been serving as a messenger on behalf of the illegal organisation. Further evidence adduced against her involved records of financial transfers as well as a travel card issued by the Lower-Austria rail service which (correctly) included a photograph of Rosa Jochmann but was issued (incorrectly) in the name of her sister, Josefine Drechsler.
Her release, which came in November 1935, did little to reduce the pressure on her. She devoted the next few months to looking after friends awaiting their own trials. Comrades who faced trial in Vienna in March 1936 included Bruno Kreisky and Franz Jonas along with Maria Emhart and Jochmann's own partner, the future secretary of state .
Re-arrest.
On 12 March 1938 German troops marched into Austria. Newsreels showing Austrian crowds cheering the invading columns of soldiers were quickly distributed round the world, but many Austrians, especially those who had been involved in opposition to the Austrofascist régime, had little reason to celebrate Austria's incorporation into an enlarged German state under the control of a post democratic Nazi government. Rosa Jochmann was arrested and faced interrogation later that same month, but was released after two days. Her high-profile record of Social-Democrat activism meant that she remained in obvious danger, but she rejected the opportunity to flee the country. She remained in Vienna and took work with a Jewish owned textiles company in Vienna's central Salzgries district. 
Rosa Jochmann was re-arrested on 22 August 1939. She was held by the Gestapo in Vienna for more than half a year. This period of uncertainty ended in March 1940 when she was marked out for "protective custody" and placed on a train to Germany. She was accompanied by the ominous note on her detention order "Rückkehr unerwünscht" ("loosely "not to be sent back""). On 21 March 1940 she was delivered to the concentration camp at Ravensbrück, roughly an hour to the north of Berlin for those able to make the journey by car. Here she survived till liberation came in the early summer of 1945.
Ravensbrück.
Ravensbrück concentration camp held approximately 132,000 women and children, 20,000 men and 1,000 "female young people", who came, according to registration data, from more than forty nations. Tens of thousands would be murdered or would die from hunger and illness. In the camp developed a close practical comradeship and personal friendship with her political soul-mate, the resistance activist (who faced additional dangers because the authorities had classified her as a half-Jew) Erna Raus (later. Erna Musik). Through the intervention of a fellow inmate, the economist-politician Käthe Leichter, Rosa Jochmann found herself appointed a "block senior" in the so-called "politicals'" block till 1943. Appointing inmates to undertake administrative roles gave the camp guards more time for their own priorities. The position was one of privilege but also of heightened political risk. It could provide opportunities to mediate between inmates and the camp authorities, and Jochmann was sometimes able to get together with others in order to arrange extra food rations or medication in cases of exceptional need. Jochmann seems to have managed to find in herself a greater level of physical and mental strength than many. But she still had to stand idly by as her friend and political soulmate Käthe Leichter was taken away to Auschwitz to be murdered.
As block senior she took a particular interest in looking after children in ways that increased their chances of surviving the camp. Testimony to that appeared at the end of her life in the form of numerous written expressions of appreciation from those whom she had helped. She also sustained a number of "pen pal" friendships with people she had known at Ravensbrück. Darker aspects of her role included the two times she was locked up in the so-called "bunker", the first time for a few weeks and the second time for over six months. A fellow inmate, whom other camp survivors would later identify as a "spy", had denounced her to the Nazi paramilitaries in charge.
After the camp was liberated by Soviet forces in April 1945 Rosa Jochmann was one of many who stayed on for several weeks to help care for survivors. From Austria there came no evidence of any official offer to return the Austrian Ravensbrück survivors across the mountains back to their home country. Jochmann therefore traveled to Vienna with the communist Friederike "Friedl" Sinclair and negotiated the provision of transport with the Soviet military commander there. She then returned to the camp and helped organise the repatriation. Traveling home with fellow survivors she celebrated her forty-fourth birthday.
In Vienna her apartment had been bombed out. She was offered an Aryanised Jewish villa in Vienna 19 (Döbling) from which the Nazi occupants had fled, but she rejected the offer in no uncertain terms, and for some years was happy to live in a single rented room.
After the war.
Jochmann resumed her political life as a leftwing member of the SPÖ (as the Social Democratic party was now rebranded). The victorious allied powers had agreed between themselves back in 1943 that Austria should again be separated from Germany as it had been before 1938. Austria's first postwar general election was conducted on 25 November 1945 across Vienna and four military occupation zones into which the rest of the country had been divided. When the new parliamentarians took their seats on 19 December 1945 Rosa Jochmann was among them, a member of the National Council (lower house of the Austrian parliament). She was again a member of the party executive between 1956 and 1967 and deputy chair of the party. She was also, between 1959 and 1967, chair of the SPÖ women ("Vorsitzende der SPÖ-Frauen").
In 1967, now aged 66, Rosa Jochmann retired from all but one of her political offices. The exception was her role as chair of the , which consists of former members of the old .
Death and burial.
Rosa Jochmann died following a heart attack at the in Vienna on 28 January 1994.
Her body was buried in Vienna's (misleadingly named) Central Cemetery: Group 14C, Number 1A. Her gravestone and adjacent memorial tablet were designed by .
Mission.
Jochmann warned throughout her life against Far-right extremism and Antisemitism. She presented countless lectures and communicated her own contemporary experiences and insights, addressing schools and as a conference speaker, both in Austria and abroad. Her final high-profile attendance was at the , still (in 2018) the largest demonstration in postwar Austria, held in opposition to anti-foreigner of the Freedom Party. She spoke out, warning one last time against Far-right extremism and Antisemitism.
Public recognition and celebration.
Rosa Jochmann was awarded Honorary citizenship ("Ehrenbürgerrecht") of Vienna in 1981.
In 1995, the year following her death, a street in the quarter of Vienna was renamed, "Rosa-Jochmann-Ring" in celebration of her life and contribution. The nearby Rosa Jochmann school and residential development have also, subsequently, been renamed in her honour. In the adjacent Leopoldstadt quarter the naming of the Rosa Jochmann Park also honours her memory.
In 2004 a newspaper poll reported by the Kurier (Vienna based newspaper) identified Rosa Jochmann as one of the fifty most important Austrians of the last fifty years.

</doc>
<doc id="56786010" url="?curid=56786010" title="Meritamen (given name) (disambiguation)">
Meritamen (given name) (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56786016" url="?curid=56786016" title="Mary Golda Ross">
Mary Golda Ross


</doc>
<doc id="56786049" url="?curid=56786049" title="Lillias Campbell Davidson">
Lillias Campbell Davidson

Lillias Campbell Davidson (1853–1934) was an American-born British writer.
She founded the Lady Cyclists' Association. In 2018, the New York Times published a belated obituary for her.
Life.
According to Elizabeth Robins Pennell, another American cyclist in London at the same time, Davidson was employed by "Bicycling News" and the Cyclists' Touring Club "Gazette".
She lived for a time with Alice Werner, a teacher of Bantu, and Ménie Muriel Dowie, a British writer of the New Woman school. According to the "New York Times": 

</doc>
<doc id="56786085" url="?curid=56786085" title="Pete Wolf">
Pete Wolf


</doc>
<doc id="56786095" url="?curid=56786095" title="WMDC-UMDDJ">
WMDC-UMDDJ


</doc>
<doc id="56786099" url="?curid=56786099" title="Urethral suppositories">
Urethral suppositories


</doc>
<doc id="56786102" url="?curid=56786102" title="Gradonachalnik">
Gradonachalnik

A gradonachalnik () was —in the Russian Empire of the 19th and early 20th century— an official with the rights of governor who controlled a gradonachalstvo (a city with the adjacent land), independent of the provincial subdivision, with its own administrative unit due to its special significance or geographical location. These cities were Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Odessa, Sevastopol, Kyakhta, Feodosiya, Izmail, Derbent, Rostov-on-Don, Dalniy, Baku, Taganrog, Yalta, Kerch-Yenikale and Nikolayev.
The gradonachalnik was either personally appointed by the emperor or by recommendation of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Compared to the cities that were subordinated to governorates, gradonachalniki enjoyed full rights to oversee city self-government (city police administration, supervision of trade, mail, shipping and public, serf and port buildings).
The gradonachalnik presided over special city affairs and over the provincial administrative committee when considering cases relating to economic orders in the capital.
Gradonachalniki of Odessa, Kerch-Yenikale and Sevastopol were in charge of matters concerning local police, trade and navigation (Charter of the City Planning Code, article 8, Proceedings of 1886). In Sevastopol and Kerch-Yenikale, the posts of gradonachalniki were entrusted to admirals. In Sevastopol, the gradonachalnik was also a commandant and commander of the Sevastopol port.
The February Revolution of 1917 abolished the position of gradonachalnik, replacing the gradonachalniki with the commissars of the Provisional Government.

</doc>
<doc id="56786116" url="?curid=56786116" title="Chimwemwe Chihana-Mtawali">
Chimwemwe Chihana-Mtawali

Chimwemwe Chihana, also known by her married name Chimwemwe Chihana Mtawali, is a Zambian photographer known as Qcheda. She is also a Digital Media Specialist, and has written and performed Afro-pop, reggae and dancehall songs under her stage name Wacheda.
Early and personal life.
The youngest of five children, Chihana-Mtawali was born on 13 May 1991 to Dudwa Wellington Chihana and Irene Ngwengwe-Chihana in Lusaka, Zambia at the University Teaching Hospital (UTH). Her parents lived in Kabwe but, shortly after her first birthday, Wacheda's father died. She then moved with her mother to Livingstone in Southern Zambia where she lived her formative years.
She is married to entrepreneur Masuzgo William Mtawali. They have a five-year-old daughter.
Career and education.
Chihana-Mtawali completed her secondary school education at Hillcrest Technical High School in 2008 where she went to school with fellow songbirds Kantu and Judy Yo and then relocated to Lusaka to study accounting at Zambia Centre for Accountancy Studies. She has worked in the corporate and insurance sector including Multichoice Zambia alongside being assistant director at Graphic404. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in Mass Communication and Public Relations at Cavendish University, Zambia in 2020.
Music.
Chihana-Mtawali started singing and songwriting during her school days, and came in to the Zambian spotlight with her song "Iron Man" which features Zambian rapper, Cactus Agony. The video consecutively reached number one on the Zed Top 10 chart on Zambezi Magic DStv for eight weeks. Wacheda went on to win the 2017 CBC TV Viewers Choice Award for RnB video. Shortly after "Iron Man," her single "Maliyo" hit the music scene with a red carpet event video launch at Lusaka's Diamonds Casino. Later in 2017, she released a music video for her single "No More" which features industry DJ Cosmo and Mic Burner. Other figures to make cameo appearances in the "No More" video included DJ Hussein and Hot FM's Lungowe Simbotwe. Wacheda ended 2017 collaborating with Zone Fam's Jay Rox on "Um Yeah" for which she released a lyric video teaser in January 2018.
Other songs released by Wacheda are "Oyu Moye," "Swagger Lover," "Only You" and "Yamu Film".

</doc>
<doc id="56786119" url="?curid=56786119" title="1892 United States presidential election in Minnesota">
1892 United States presidential election in Minnesota

The 1892 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. Minnesota voters chose nine electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Minnesota was won by the Republican nominees, incumbent President Benjamin Harrison of Indiana and his running mate Whitelaw Reid of New York. 
With 5.31% of the popular vote, Minnesota proved to be Prohibition Party candidate John Bidwell’s best performance as well as the only state where he broke 5% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="56786127" url="?curid=56786127" title="Kim Sloan">
Kim Sloan

Dr Kim Sloan is a Canadian art historian.
Career.
Sloan worked for the Victoria and Albert Museum in 1986 where she curated an exhibition on Alexander Cozens from November 1986-January 1987. The exhibition then traveled to the Art Gallery of Ontario with additional works by his son John Robert Cozens and was on display January–March 1987.
In 1992, Sloan became the curator of British Drawings and Watercolours before 1880 at the British Museum. While at the British Museum, Sloan has worked primarily on Sir William Hamilton and his collections at the British Museum, the watercolours of J. M. W. Turner, and the Hans Sloane collections. From 2000, Sloan was the lead curator creating the new Enlightenment Gallery at the British Museum, which presents the history of the collection in the King's Library after the library collection moved to the British Library. The new gallery opened in 2003 and Sloan maintains curatorial responsibility for the Enlightenment Gallery.
From September 2007 - January 2008, Sloan was the Leverhulme Fellow at the National Portrait Gallery, London.

</doc>
<doc id="56786138" url="?curid=56786138" title="Education Development and Employment Center">
Education Development and Employment Center

Education Development and Employment Center (EDEC) is a non-governmental organization based in Kutaisi, Georgia.
History.
The organization was founded in 2004 by World Vision, within the Georgian project “Learners for life” and was called the Kutaisi Youth Center.&lt;br&gt;
The project was funded by the European Union and implemented in three regions of Georgia: Imereti, Adjara, and Kakheti.&lt;br&gt;
Community youth centers were contributed by the Georgian government, with the support of international donors, and implementation of initiated deinstitutionalization reform. &lt;br&gt;
Under the project, the first pilot, “Small Group Homes” was established and managed by the Kutaisi Youth Center. The first group of 24-social workers in Georgia (country) was trained by the TEMPUS - program and has been involved in the project.&lt;br&gt;
After completing the project, on January 10, 2008, Education Development and Employment Center (EDEC), was created based on the Youth Center model.

</doc>
<doc id="56786143" url="?curid=56786143" title="Jonathan Davies (athlete)">
Jonathan Davies (athlete)

Jonathan Stuart Davies (born 28 October 1994) is an English middle- and long-distance runner. He represented Great Britain at the 2018 World Indoor Championships without advancing from the first round. In addition, he won two medals at the 2017 Summer Universiade. Davies is also a talented cross country runner, winning the under 23 race at the 2015 European Cross Country Championships and the senior mixed relay at the 2019 European Cross Country Championships. In 2020 JD took his maiden British title when winning the 3000m at the 2020 British Indoor Athletics Championships. 
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="56786155" url="?curid=56786155" title="Bolívar (TV series)">
Bolívar (TV series)

Bolívar, una lucha admirable (English: "Bolívar, an admirable fight"), or simply Bolívar, is a Colombian Spanish-language historical drama television series created by Juana Uribe, based on the life of Venezuelan liberator Simón Bolívar. The series stars Luis Gerónimo Abreu as Bolívar as an adult, José Ramón Barreto as Bolívar as a young man, Irene Esser as Bolívar's wife María Teresa del Toro, and Shany Nadan as his lover Manuela Sáenz. Maximiliano Gómez stars as Bolívar as a child. It was released on Netflix worldwide, except for Colombia, on 21 June 2019, followed by its debut in Colombia on Caracol Televisión on 18 September 2019.
The show is made up of 60 episodes that document the events of Bolívar's life from the age of seven until his death, primarily focusing on his formation as the liberator of several South American countries and his romantic engagements. However, the cast and crew also describe the show as an attempt to remove the veil of heroism covering the man and re-humanize him.
It was popular in Latin America, but the telenovela style and format alienated international viewers. Before its release, the show was publicly criticized by Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro, with commenters believing he was concerned that a less legendary image of Bolívar would further reduce his popular support.
Plot.
The story begins with Simón Bolívar as a soldier rousing his comrades who have grown weary in the fight for independence, before flashing back to his wedding day in Spain and again to his childhood. A young Simón enjoys all the luxuries of a criollo life until his mother, then grandfather, die, leaving his future in the hands of a maternal uncle who wants to take the Bolívar fortune as his own. Simón, an active child, finds it hard to respond to traditional tutelage and is put under the care of a rebel, watching as the Spanish crown punishes dissenters. As he ages into young adulthood, he initially joins the military, but finds more success as a statesman, and travels to Spain to both further his education and seek the title afforded his name.
Arriving in Spain, two of his wayward uncles have managed to make waves in society and introduce Simón to a suitable tutor who is well-regarded by the crown. It is under his care that Simón meets María Teresa del Toro whom he intends to woo; unfortunately, an entitled Spaniard also wishes to pursue her, and tries to dirty Bolívar's name in the process. Through his charm and wit, Bolívar comes through his time in Spain a more well-regarded man and returns to Venezuela; he is without the title he was after, but with María Teresa as his bride.
María Teresa immediately takes to helping at the haciendas and humanizing the workers and slaves; she is also infinitely loyal to Simón, and purchases back his beloved house slave Matea. In the meantime, a new royal judge is appointed to Venezuela, who is friendly with María Teresa and subsequently to the Bolívar family. Simón's eldest sister, María Antonia, begins falling for him after asking for a loan, at the same time as María Teresa begins falling ill from an insect bite that she has not been exposed to in Spain. When she dies, Simón vows he will live in her spirit and never marry again. In Ecuador, a young Manuela Sáenz gets into trouble at her convent.
Simón travels to Paris to drown his sorrows; here, he is reunited with his favorite teacher and his friend Fernando del Toro, cousin of the deceased María Teresa. In Venezuela, María Antonia and the judge begin an affair, from which she becomes pregnant, and their greedy uncle dies destitute. Simón is encouraged to start living rather than drinking and sleeping around by his reunited companions, and ultimately enrages Napoleon's adopted son enough to have himself firmly barred from the city; he returns to Venezuela to meet with the Caracas junta trying to govern Venezuela and propose a movement to independence. In Quito, Manuela begins to behave in order to be let out of the convent, succeeding and witnessing the 2 August uprising; her father feels she sympathizes with the cause too strongly and sends her to live with a maternal uncle, a priest, not knowing that he craves revolution, too.
Cast and characters.
An extensive cast list was published in July 2019 by Peruvian outlet "El Comercio". In March 2018, Caracol announced members of the cast.
Production.
Development.
The show was one of Colombia's most expensive to produce ever, with its producers describing it as the "most ambitious series in the history of Colombian television." It was created by Caracol and co-produced with Netflix, which has a global distribution deal for the series; Netflix has previously distributed several Caracol shows, including "The Girl", "The Queen of Flow", "Undercover Law", and "". The show is not dubbed into English, unlike other Spanish-language media on Netflix, but has subtitles in English, Portuguese, and Spanish.
According to "Semana", Caracol did not use deadlines when creating the series, instead letting their teams work to make the show as good as it could be. Additionally, as the landmark series produced for the company's 50th anniversary and the bicentennial of independence, it was reportedly given "unequaled scrutiny". The producers considered many influences and potential creatives for the show, looking at the best of Colombian telenovelas like "Yo soy Betty, la fea", and talent including screenwriter Julio Jimenez and actor Diego Álvarez. Ultimately, Juana Uribe was chosen to be showrunner and head writer. Uribe then brought on two historians, a researcher, and three writers "who had read practically every biography in existence" about Bolívar. Rather than a straight telenovela, the show has been described as an historical biography or period drama, as well.
As a period drama, the show used costume design to present the period accurately; the hats worn by Manuela have been described as exact to the different locales she inhabits, as well as period. Shany Nadan also commented that because of the different views on personal appearance at the time, "it did not matter if [she] showed up with rumpled hair" to film, as that is how it would have been in reality.
Casting and characterization.
On 7 March 2018, José Ramón Barreto and Irene Esser were confirmed as protagonists of the first part of the story. Luis Gerónimo Abreu was confirmed for the second part, along with to depict Manuela Sáenz. Of the three actors to play Bolívar, only one is not Venezuelan: the Colombian actor Maximiliano Gómez. About 400 actors are used in the series, with 6,000 extras.
The storytelling intention during the conception of the series was discussed by Abreu in interviews. According to BBC Mundo, the show "intersperses the story of the young and orphaned Bolívar and the angry, idealistic and passionate Bolívar"; in his interview, Abreu said that the creative team did this because they "wanted to humanize him, with his defects and his mistakes, [...] Because Bolívar was not a bronze superhero like the statues, but a human being, rather small and modest, who without superpowers became a superhero of flesh and blood."
To create the character, Abreu, Barreto, and the writers and directors had meetings where they built their version of Bolívar. They designed him in a way to bring him down to a realistic level rather than be the hero taught in history classes, because, according to Abreu, Venezuelan people think "he was a superhero or that he had a space hammer or that a radioactive spider bit him", referring to popular Marvel Comics superheros. Barreto explains this further, saying that while he felt honored to play the hero he grew up with, he also hoped that the series would allow people to interrogate Bolívar's life and "question for themselves the cult that has been given to 'the military, the boots, the leaders'." Barreto says he hopes for this because of the nation's political crisis, saying that Venezuela in 2019 "doesn't need a liberator [...] We need 30 million liberators, a population who become aware of the historical moment we are in and who do not wait for a liberator. That would be a mistake. We need to mature as a society so as not to repeat those historical errors."
As with Bolívar, Nadan indicates there was the same aim to give her role as Manuela Sáenz a more complex characterization, saying that the production "wanted her to be fascinating and charming, strong but feminine, cunning and strategist, fresh but passionate, proud but also dedicated and generous". She explains that to embody Manuelita, she trained with three acting coaches for several months, exploring what made her the person she was, as well as taking horseback riding lessons. Abreu has said that the show presents an image of Manuela that reinforces the value of women in war.
Barreto was contacted about casting when his telenovela, "Para verte mejor" (in which he was also co-lead with Abreu), was ending in 2017. To help him land the role, he borrowed a stallion from a friend's club to practice riding on, dressing up as Bolívar to make a demonstration video of his skills and his passion to get the iconic image of Bolívar correct that he sent to the producers. After being cast, he was given more formal horseback riding lessons, as well as combat ones. Of his casting, Barreto says he expected to get the role of Juan Vicente, though he auditioned for Simón, because he does not think he looks like Simón Bolívar; on the press tour he used this story to tell people in Colombia that, unlike what many are used to in the region, television may now be casting more by talent than appearance.
Filming.
Filming of the series began on 7 March 2018 in Cartagena, Colombia. The series was shot primarily in Colombia, featuring cities such as Villa de Leyva, Monguí, Santa Fe de Antioquia, Calí, Popayán, and natural areas in the Los Nevados National Natural Park, El Páramo de Oceta, as well as the Eastern Plains of Colombia. In May 2018, Caracol, with the assistance of local production by Galdo Medio, began filming in Spain. Scenes in Spain were shot in Toledo, with the production also being able to shoot some scenes on the Lavaderos de Rojas estate; in Aranjuez; and in Pedraza. Some parts of the series were filmed between the border of Venezuela and Colombia. Three production units were used, with simultaneous filming lasting from March through September 2018.
Producer Asier Aguilar says that finding locations to recreate the colonial settings was difficult, but that trying to find locations for certain historical moments set in Venezuela was harder because of the country's biodiversity; as an example, Aguilar says that they had to recreate a low-lying coastal Vargas swamp in a town near Boyacá, 3,000 metres up in the Andes mountains.
Reception.
Critical response.
While some critics found elements of the show enjoyable, many responses have focused on questions of historical accuracy, production value, and the length of the series, knowing it was to be first released around the world.
John Serba's "Decider" episode one review notes that it covers a lot of history in a short time, with humorous remarks like mentioning that Simón is "not yet 13, but will be by the end of the episode" and suggesting that "[a]t this rate, we'll get back to the revolution in about 30 or 40 episodes". Despite this, Serba was impressed at the money and care put into the show, describing the detail of the soldiers' uniforms and the many background extras in every scene. He settles on calling the show "a soap opera at heart", and notes that though "[t]he production isn't chintzy like a soap opera, [the] 60 episodes must have been cranked out in a similarly quick, efficient manner" – though he writes that the most soap opera-like element is its "uber-melodramatic tone". Serba commends the historical accuracy, but worries that the necessary commitment to 60 episodes may be off-putting for U.S. and UK audiences, who are used to much shorter series and miniseries. On the Decider rating scale, which is either "skip it" or "stream it" (based on video-on-demand terminology), Serba concludes that it is worth it to "stream it".
Kahron Spearman for "The Daily Dot" was less complimentary. He establishes various historical views of Bolívar and says that "his story deserves an abundance of space, depth, and dignity", criticizing Netflix and Caracol for different elements of the production that he sees as preventing this, including their decision that "an unreasonable 60-episode schedule was something the people required". Compared to Serba, Spearman believes that there was not enough money and care given to the series, and that a shorter run with the same budget would have allowed them to pay more attention to detail; he also comments that so much of the budget was spent on grand orchestral music for even mundane moments that it "proves bloated and silly", and begins to criticize the dialogue writing before suggesting "lazy translations" have muddied this aspect of the show. He does say that the acting is "stronger" than he expected from a telenovela, and specifically congratulated Abreu for "manag[ing] to humanize Bolívar to a great extent", but still concludes that the show's production values and telenovela style make it difficult to watch, especially with a "laborious" 60 episodes of 50 minutes each to be viewed.
An article on the series by famous Venezuelan historian Inés Quintero at analysis aggregator "Prodavinci" shared some of the same concerns as Spearman, styling her criticism as an argument against the biographical historical drama genre in general through examples of the show, calling it "a story, not history" and saying that while its lack of production value doesn't help, "the fundamental reason" for her to not like the show is a pretense of historical accuracy when its true intentions are "to entertain and engage". Quintero suggests that choosing the flashbacks of the first episode were a tactic used to make the viewers' first image of Bolívar be that of a revolutionary hero, rather than a boy, and accuses the show of creating characters as more interesting and diverse than the real people.
Ecuadorian newspaper "El Universo" and their media reviewer "Mr Smith" moved away from historical accuracy and reviewed the show as a work of television. Smith said he "forgives" Gómez, the child Simón, for his character, as he had to deal with the "uninteresting" writing of the first few episodes, and commends the other Bolívars, Barreto and Abreu, for their "remarkable job reflecting the eccentricities, convictions and boldness, as well as the sensitivity" of the character. Smith questions why the childhood years were not left out or only included in flashbacks, especially as they serve little to the plot, but writes that "[t]he art direction is pure quality" enough to make him interested in the period where history books have failed. Reviewing more of the series than his counterparts, Smith also describes the chemistry between Abreu and Nadan, who plays the third iteration of Bolívar's lover Manuela Sáenz, positively.
Juancho Parada for "El Tiempo" questioned if the series was necessary, saying that it was only created for the bicentennial of Colombia's independence and criticizing almost every element of its production and storytelling, as well as saying that the promotional tour was too short to gather interest. Parada suggests that there are other films and series made about Bolívar that are better in terms of production and accuracy that audiences could already watch.
Popular response.
The public response to the show was seen as very positive in Latin America, but it was not as well appreciated in the United States; "Semana" suggests that this is because of the 60-episode format that is unfamiliar to many of these viewers and seen as too long. However, Abreu thinks that the show was relatively popular worldwide based on his own measurement scale, saying that he is "full of pride" that "on Wikipedia, the first month it aired, it [Bolívar] was among the most searched words".
A former mayor of the Ecuadorian city Guayaquil, Jaime Nebot, watched the show and enjoyed the performance of Guayaquil-born actress Shany Nadan so much that he recommended her to the current mayor, Cynthia Viteri, to be given an official honor. She received the medal of Guayaquil at the time and then, shortly before the Colombian broadcast of the show, was named Tourism Ambassador of Ecuador by President Lenín Moreno.
Maduro criticism.
Before the series premiered, it was heavily criticised by Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, who was angry about potential defamation, wanting to preserve Bolívar's image and tell everyone that Bolívar was Venezuelan, not Colombian, saying the other country was "running a hate campaign". Abreu, who plays the adult Bolívar in the show, responded to this comment by saying "You will have to watch it first before saying if you like it or not, and we will accept that opinion then, that is what free speech is"; he also said: "I think you have issues that are much, much more important to deal with, though". Nadan, playing the adult Manuela Sáenz, responded more diplomatically by saying that "everyone is free to view the series in their own way". In August 2019, Maduro apologized for his comments and congratulated the actors for their performances.
Analyzing Maduro's criticism, historian Omar Galíndez spoke to BBC Mundo, suggesting that Maduro's "excessive zeal" to control the narrative surrounding Bolívar comes from a Chavist skepticism; that Hugo Chávez' revolution used the ideals and legendary status of Bolívar for its political gain, which, while highly criticized, forms the ideological basis for Maduro's power and support. "Diario Las Américas" has also stated that they believe Maduro's statements came from a place of wanting sole guardianship of Bolívar's image and a fear of Colombia and the United States using the show to try and overthrow him, additionally noting the politically-sensitive time of its release. One media writer to mention political context, though not acknowledging concern that the show could be politically-motivated, was Brett White, in a series overview; he agrees with Abreu's response, linking to the Wikipedia page about the 2019 Venezuelan presidential crisis in a comment saying that he doesn't have space to explain, "but let's just say that Maduro has a lot more to be worried about than a Netflix series."
"Semana" described Maduro's criticism of the show as an example of the Streisand effect; by discrediting it before it was even released, he interested more people in Latin America in watching it.
BBC Mundo wrote in July 2019 that "Maduro's statement dominated the first reviews" of the show. In his review of the first episode, John Serba of "Decider" comments on Maduro's response, noting that Bolívar liberated more than just Venezuela. In Kahron Spearman's highly critical "The Daily Dot" review, he says that "[i]t's not often that a Netflix series creates political strife", as Maduro's accusations of Colombia had, but assured that though Maduro worried about the series disrespecting Bolívar, "[t]hat's not what he needed to be concerned about", slating the show for its quality and adding that "Maduro had a point". In their medium-focused review, "El Universo" jokes that they will leave accuracy criticisms to the experts or to "the fan that is President Maduro, who has already made a few comments".
Television broadcast.
The entire first season was first released on streaming service Netflix on 21 June 2019; the series went to air in Colombia on 18 September 2019.
In September 2019 before the show began broadcasting in Colombia, members of its cast took a press tour around the country to promote it. A launch party was held in Cali. 
Episodes.
The episodes shown on Netflix and in Colombia have differences. Additionally, on Netflix, the episodes are untitled.

</doc>
<doc id="56786156" url="?curid=56786156" title="Pediments of the Parthenon">
Pediments of the Parthenon

The pediments of the Parthenon are the two sets of statues (around fifty) in Pentelic marble originally located on the east and west facades of the Parthenon on the Acropolis of Athens. They were likely made by several artists, including Agoracritos. The master builder was likely Phidias.
Pausanias, a Greek geographer, described the themes of these pedimental sculptures: to the east, the birth of Athena, and to the west the quarrel between her and Poseidon to become the tutelary deity of Athens.
The pediments were very damaged by time and military conflicts. Considered the archetype of classical sculpture, or even the embodiment of ideal beauty, several of the statues were removed from the building by Lord Elgin's agents in the early nineteenth century and transported to the British Museum in London. Some statues and many fragments are kept at the Acropolis Museum in Athens.
Construction.
The accounts of the construction of the Parthenon make it possible to know that the marble intended for the pediments began to be extracted from the quarries of Mount Pentelikon in 439–438 BC.; sculpture work starting the following year. The accounts also show that excavation and transportation expenses were annual. This could mean that different quarries would have been used each year to obtain the highest possible quality marble. The last marble purchases in the quarries are recorded in 434 BC. In the logic of the construction of the building, the sculptures of the pediments had to be installed almost at the very end (before the installation of the roof), probably in 432 BC.
Since Adolf Michaelis in 1871, the statues are designated from left to right by a letter: from A to W for the western pediment and from A to P for the eastern pediment.
Pausanias regularly informs about the authors of the works he describes. However, he gives no information on the "author" of the Parthenon pediments. A master builder for each of the pediments may even be possible. Due to the size of the construction site (about fifty carved statues in half a dozen years), many artists must have worked there, as the differences of style and techniques show. Thus, the western pediment seems more refined, more "artificial" (almost mannerist) than the eastern pediment. It is possible that there was one artist per statue or group of statues. The accounts of 434–433 indicate that the sculptors were paid 16,392 drachmas. It is difficult to know, however, whether this is the total wage or the salary for that year alone. For comparison, the total cost of each of the (much smaller) pediments of Asclepius Temple in Epidaurus was 3,010 drachmas. Robert Spenser Stanier proposed in 1953 an estimate of 17 talents for pediments and acroterions.
The statues are the largest pediment statues made in classical Greece and they are almost all in one piece. In addition, they were sculpted in the round. The same care was accorded to the front and the back, though the latter is hidden. It is possible that they were "exposed" on the site while waiting to be mounted on the Parthenon. The artists would then have chosen to finish them in their entirety. Nevertheless, the finish depends on the statues, and therefore the sculptors. On some, details, invisible from the ground were left unfinished, while on others, this was not the case. In addition, it was necessary to plane the back of some (west A for example) to make them fit their designated place.
Deep rectangular grooves at the corners of pediments could indicate the presence in these places of a lift-type mechanism for mounting statues.
Above the Doric frieze (triglyphs and metopes) was an overhanging horizontal cornice of twenty-five blocks of marble. The ranking cornices were surmounted by a painted sima (palmettes and golden lotus flowers). Thus, was delimited a long space of 28.35 m and high (in its center) of 3.428 m or 3.47 m to a depth of 0.90 m. All the statues were installed on the horizontal cornice which exceeded in overhanging of 70 cm, placed either on a plinth or on a laying bed. To install the statue is G, the cornice had to be dug out.
The pediments of the Temple of Zeus at Olympia, about twenty years older, and seem to have been a major influence for the realization of the pediments of the Parthenon. The dimensions are relatively equivalent: 3.44 meters high to a depth of 1 meter at Olympia. In order to make them more visible, because of the angle of vision, some of the statues were inclined outwards, as in Olympia, and sometimes up to 30 cm above the void. Even the sitting statues had their feet protruding from the edge. The fixing systems (dowels and spikes) of the statues at the horizontal cornice were nearly the same in Athens and Olympia. However, for the heaviest (in the center), the Parthenon sculptors had to innovate. They were held by iron props that sank to one side in the plinth of the statue and the other deep in the horizontal cornice and tympanum. These "L" props made the weight of the statue cantilevered on the cornice.
Description.
The pediments of the Parthenon included many statues. The one to the west had a little more than the one to the east. In the description of the Acropolis of Athens by Pausanias, a sentence informs about the chosen themes: the quarrel between Athena and Poseidon for Attica in the west and the birth of Athena in the east. This is the only evocation in the ancient literature of the Parthenon's decoration. In addition, the traveler gives no detail outside the general theme while he describes in a very precise way the pediments of the temple of Zeus in Olympia. Perhaps he considered the Panhellenic sanctuary of the Peloponnese to be more important than the Parthenon, the latter perhaps being too "local", or simply Athenian.
The number of statues and the very precise myths evoked makes Bernard Ashmole wonder if the contemporaries themselves were really capable of identifying all the characters.
West Pediment.
To the west, on the "minor" facade, was the quarrel between Athena and Poseidon for Athens and Attica and the victory of the Virgin Goddess, one of the great local myths. The two divinities disputed sovereignty over the region. They decided to offer the most beautiful gifts to win. With one blow of his trident, the god of the seas caused a spring (or a lake) of salty water to spring up on the acropolis. The virgin goddess with a spearhead made the first olive tree appear. The sources do not agree on the identity of the referees. They chose Athena and her olive tree. This story is first recounted by Herodotus (VIII, 55). This myth had hitherto been little represented: the artist who conceived the ensemble, as well as the sculptors, had a complete freedom.
In the central space, the two gods (Athena on the left, West L, Poseidon on the right, West M) were perhaps separated by the olive tree of Athena or even the lightning of Zeus. The representation on this pediment of an intervention of Zeus in the quarrel could be the first occurrence of this theme. It is then found on a vase from the end of the fifth century BC. preserved in the archaeological museum of Pella and in literature.
It is difficult to determine where the gift of the two gods could be represented: emerging from the ground at the end of their weapon (lance for Athena and trident for Poseidon) or the olive tree well in the center of the pediment, with the sacred serpent of Athena wrapped around. It seems that Poseidon's torso was used as a model for the Triton that adorn the Odeon of Agrippa in the ancient agora. The violence of the divine confrontation can be read in the tension of the tense bodies which are recoiling backward, as in the famous group Athena and Marsyas of Myron, dedicated on the acropolis a few years earlier. The movement also recalls that of the South metope XXVII.
Then came the chariots (biga) and their female charioteers. Nike (west G) leads that of Athena, but the statue has completely disappeared. Amphitrite (west O) is the usual charioteer of the sea god: on the drawing attributed to Carrey, she is identifiable thanks to the sea serpent at her feet, but she is found occupying this function elsewhere in the art and perhaps is on one of the east metopes. Amphitrite wears a peplos with a wide belt worn very high, just under the chest. The garment is open on the left side, floating behind in the wind, leaving the leg bare. The rearing horses allow an ideal occupation of the space between the cornices. The auriga is accompanied by the messenger gods: Hermes (west H) on the side of Athena and Nike; Iris (west N) of the other. The head of Hermes disappeared between 1674 (drawing attributed to Carrey) and 1749 (drawing of Richard Dalton: he looked no longer the quarrel?, but already behind him. The bust of Iris was identified through the square holes at the shoulder blades, where her wings were originally attached. She wears a short tunic that the wind sticks to the forms of her body that can be divined in multiple folds. The tunic was retained by a thin belt, added in bronze and since lost.
After this large central group, the tension drops and the poses of the statues are calmer.
On the left side were various characters from the Attic mythology whose identifications are discussed. The general theme of the pediment being a purely local myth, it is often surmised that Athenian heroes should be represented. The western figures D, E and F have disappeared. The west group B and C is very damaged. Snake fragments (a snake or the tail of the male figure) suggest that it could be Cecrops and his daughter Pandrosus.
On the right side, two seated women carry children: west Q holds two babies (west P and R), it could be Orithyia the daughter of Erechtheus, carrying the two sons she had of Boreas Calais and Zetes West T has an older child on the knees (west S). The western U and V statues are highly damaged and fragmentary but do not appear to form a group.
The first figure on the left, male, (west A) and the last on the right, female, (west W) are symmetrical. By analogy with the pediments of Olympia, river deities have been identified: Ilissos or Cephis on the left and perhaps Callirrhoe on the right. The statue of the Ilissos is of very high quality in its rendering of the anatomical details and in its movement: it seems to be extracted from the ground while turning towards the central scene.
The composition of this pediment is inspired by that of the eastern pediment of Olympia. The idea of simple "spectator" statues sitting on the exteriors and then of river gods was also borrowed from the sanctuary in the Peloponnese. The western statues B, C, L, Q and perhaps W have been copied and adapted to adorn one of the pediments of the temple of Eleusis (smaller than that of the Parthenon), completed in the second century and representing the abduction of Persephone.
East Pediment.
The east pediment, on the most sacred facade, evokes the birth of Athena before the other gods together, a theme already developed in the decor of ceramics, but never yet in sculpture. However, we know little about it because it disappeared very early, when the Parthenon was transformed into a church in the seventh or eighth century.
In the center was enthroned Zeus, probably seated, his eagle at his feet. In fact, there remain traces of three large metal supports of a very heavy statue: Zeus was then seated, either on his throne or on a rock at the top of Olympus. Near him were to be Athena, of course, but also Hera and obviously Hephaestus and Ilithyia. Other statues are poorly identified. Various fragments preserved in the museum of the Acropolis of Athens certainly come from this pediment. The "Wegner peplophoros" (consisting of the fragments MAcr 6711 and MAcr 6712) could have been Hera. Similarly, the torso fragment MAcr 880 could correspond to the figure is H and may have been Hephaestus. Further, on each side, new grooves for retaining blades suggest again a very heavy statue, perhaps a biga, even if the presence of chariots here has no narrative justification; moreover, chariots (of gods) are present at the corners. In addition, the decor of a Roman well of the first century (Putéal de la Moncloa) preserved in the National Archaeological Museum of Spain evokes the presence of Moirai. As it seems to owe much to the Parthenon pediment, these deities could also attend the birth of Athena. 
Outside the central action, the other deities on the pediment seem to make only the "act of presence." The left end, on the south, is the best-preserved. A standing female figure (designated G) walks away from the central action she is looking at. She is dressed in a peplos and approaches two other female figures (east E and F), sitting on folded cloths placed on chests (detail only visible from behind). The proposed interpretation is that it would be Demeter and her daughter Kore. To their left and with his back to them, a male figure (east D) is lying on a leopard's skin on a rock. This is Dionysus. He is very athletic and has his legs apart. This young Dionysus, who is also on the east side of the frieze, may well be the first example of the change in the representation of this god. While he was previously portrayed in the guise of a rude old man, this youthful and turbulent version was then imposed on iconography. The god seems to salute the chariot of Helios rising from the end of the pediment.
The right end, to the north, has retained only a group of three women (east K, L and M). The work of the sculptors is of very high quality, mainly in the play of drapery. It is most often attributed to Agoracritus. East K is from the front. East M is carelessly lying on her neighbor east L. The trio has not been identified. However, the pattern of the chiton slipping subtly revealing the shoulder is seen here on east K and M. It is also on west C, identified with Pandrosus and the representation of Artemis on the eastern frieze. This sensual gesture could also be attributed to Aphrodite. At the very end, the chariot of the Moon or Night seems to descend through the bottom of the pediment.
History.
Block 19 of the eastern pediment's horizontal cornice was damaged and repaired in Roman times, but there is no evidence of restoration work on a statue. At the time of the transformation of the Parthenon into a church, somewhere in the sixth or the seventh century, the statues of the center of the eastern pediment were removed to make way for the apse.
In the first half of the fifteenth century, Cyriac d'Ancona during one of his visits to Athens drew one of the pediments, probably that of the west. He represents only a carriage, probably that of Athena: that of Poseidon would have already disappeared, without his fate being known. In 1674, an artist in the service of the Marquis de Nointel (French ambassador to the Sublime Porte), very probably Jacques Carrey, made fairly accurate coloured drawings of both pediments. In these, the west pediment already lacked the chariot of the god of the seas and a few heads, including that of Athena. The pediment was already very damaged.
On 26 September 1687, during the siege of Athens by the Venetians commanded by Francesco Morosini, the explosion of the powder reserve installed in the Parthenon greatly damaged the pediments. The blast caused some of the statues to fall and others to be out of balance, making a fall possible. Morosini was then ordered by the Venetian Senate to return to the Serenissima the "work of art considered the most important and the most refined." He decided to take some sculptures from the western pediment, probably the left-wing chariot, that of Athena. However, his men were ill-equipped and the statues crashed to the ground early in 1688. Only one female head (the Weber-Laborde head) found its way to Venice. In the same way, part of the head of one of the horses of Athena's chariot traveled to the Vatican. 
The fate of the other fragments varied: some were used as building material for houses built on the acropolis; others were bought by European collectors passing through Athens during their Grand Tour. Excavations organized by the Greek state in the 1830s and 1840s brought to light many fragments.
As scholarly interest increased in the 19th century, a misapprehension developed among some German scholars, despite the existence of drawings of both pediments. James "Athenian" Stuart and Nicholas Revett discussed the presence of pedimental sculptures in the Parthenon in Athens in Vol II of their "The Antiquities of Athens" (1794). Ludwig Ross then argued in "Das Theseion und der Tempel des Arcs" (1852) that these existed in both the east and west pediments of the Parthenon. Francis Penrose provided evidence as regards the existence of sculptures on the west pediment in his "Principles of Athenian Architecture" (1851). This led Adolf Bötticher to surmise that only the west pediments had this feature, " Untersuchungen auf der Akropolis" (1863). However, following the publication of "Attische Bauwerke:I, Theseion" in 1873 by Cornelius Gurlitt and Ernst Ziller, the presence of pedimental architecture on both pediments of the Parthenon has generally been accepted.
The west group B and C is very damaged because it remained on the Parthenon until 1977, as was the western female figure W. The western group B and C (probably Cecrops and Pandrose) was not swept away by the agents of Lord Elgin at the beginning of the nineteenth century because they believed that it was a repair of the first centuries of our era that had replaced the original group by a statue tribute to the emperor Hadrian and his wife Sabine. This erroneous assumption was made at the end of the seventeenth century in Jacob Spon's (1678) and George Wheler (1682). travel narratives. The head of the horse of Helios' chariot, east C, was removed from the Parthenon in 1988.
Conservation.
The two pediments included about fifty statues. Only one, identified as Dionysus on the east side, kept his head. All others have disappeared or been dispersed across Europe. The statues are preserved in the British Museum, the Acropolis Museum in Athens and the Louvre Museum (Weber-Laborde head).
Much of what remains of the western pediment is in the British Museum. Busts (very damaged) of Athena, Poseidon, Amphitrite, Hermes and Iris (West L, M, O, H and N) are preserved. A fragment of the helmet of the virgin goddess and the front of the bust of the sea god are on the other hand in the museum of the Acropolis, with fragments of the marine snake which was at the foot of Poseidon's wife.
The statues of the pediments are considered the archetype of classical sculpture.

</doc>
<doc id="56786165" url="?curid=56786165" title="Monique Marie Chouraeshkenazi">
Monique Marie Chouraeshkenazi

Monique Marie Chouraeshkenazi (born November 6, 1983) is an American professor who was the former Chairwoman and Full Professor at the Daniel Morgan Graduate School of National Security in Washington, DC. She specializes in homeland and national security. On the faculty at The George Washington University Graduate School of Political Management, she created the nation's first "Ensuring Data Security" course in response to the Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Chouraeshkenazi is a former Associate Professor for the School of Security and Global Studies at American Military University. Knowledgeable in advanced scientific terrorism notations and homeland and national security methodologies, Chouraeshkenazi specializes in domestic extremism and global terrorism.
Early life and education.
Chouraeshkenazi attended Pratt Elementary School in Pratt, West Virginia and graduated with honors in 2002 from Riverside High School in Belle, West Virginia. She holds a A.A.S. in Information Management from the Community College of the Air Force, and a B.A. in Homeland Security from American Military University. She earned a Master of Criminal Justice at Boston University, and a career diploma in Private Investigation from Penn Foster College. By 2015, Chouraeshkenazi earned a Ph.D. in Public Policy and Administration with high honors from Walden University, with a concentration in Terrorism, Mediation, and Peace. Her doctoral dissertation was titled, "Qualitative Case Study on F-35 Fighter Production Delays affecting National Security Guidance". 
Career.
Military service.
Chouraeshkenazi is a 13 year military veteran of the U.S. Air Force. She was Chief of the Special Security Office for the 18th Wing Intelligence Unit at Kadena Air Base, Japan; she served as the Enlisted Military Assistant and Assistant Noncommissioned Officer-in-Charge at The Pentagon, and the Military Executive Assistant for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization.
Her military honors include two Joint Service Commendation Medals, a Joint Meritorious Medal, two Air Force Commendation Medals, and two Air Force Achievement Medals. Her service and campaign medals include a National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with gold star, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Korean Defense Service Medal, Air Force Expeditionary Service Medal with gold border, NATO Service Medal, and Office of Secretary of Defense Badge. She was named Contributor of the Year in the Pacific Air Forces, 5th Air Force and 18th Wing Air Force Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance, for her contributions to security and intelligence.
Academic positions.
In 2015, Chouraeshkenazi joined the faculty Associate Professor of the School of Security and Global Studies at American Military University. She also holds adjunct positions at the School of Graduate and Degree Completion at Tiffin University and at Southern New Hampshire University. American Military University and "In Homeland Security News" featured Chouraeshkenazi in "From the Air Force to AMU: A Success Story," highlighting her transition from the military to the classroom. She teaches 25 courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels in criminal justice, diplomacy, homeland/national security, intelligence, international security, legal ethics, political geography, public policy, research, security management, and terrorism. Proficient in national and homeland security matters, Chouraeshkenazi provides programs for universities and professional military development centers.
In March 2019, she became Chairwoman and Full Professor of the National Security at Daniel Morgan Graduate School of National Security. Chouraeshkenazi oversaw the national security division, preparing graduates for positions in National Security agencies and departments, law enforcement organizations, civil governance bodies and corporations. She also oversaw the department's budget, curriculum development programs, independent studies, school committees, and student academic advisory programs.
Selected publications.
In January 2018, Chouraeshkenazi published "Homeland &amp; National Security: Understanding America's Past to Protect the Future," which identifies overlapping and distinctive responsibilities of the American federal government and how the U.S. Armed Forces protects the homeland, its territories, and resources. 
The 32nd United States Deputy Secretary of Defense, Robert O. Work wrote, 
In June 2018, Dr. Chouraeshkenazi co-edited an anthology with Kyle Kattelman and Francis Boateng, "Terrorism: Strategical &amp; Methodological Approaches."

</doc>
<doc id="56786170" url="?curid=56786170" title="Melanie Faye">
Melanie Faye

Melanie Faye (born May 16, 1998), is an American R&amp;B musician and social media personality. She became known after a video of her guitar playing on Instagram went viral in the summer of 2017. She has since performed with artists such as Noname and Mac Demarco. She was a featured artist at the NAMM Show.
Early life and education.
Born in Huntsville, Alabama and raised in a Jehovah's Witness household by chemist parents, Faye began writing songs at an early age. Her family moved to Nashville, Tennessee when she was three, and in the third grade she won a music competition run by the Country Music Hall of Fame. She studied jazz guitar at the performing arts high school Nashville School of the Arts.
Career.
Faye's guitar skills came to prominence in the summer of 2017 when SZA retweeted a 2016 video of Faye playing her sky blue Fender Stratocaster. Amassing a large number of followers and receiving critical acclaim, she dropped out of school to pursue music full-time. She cites Jimi Hendrix, Michael Jackson, and Eric Gale as major influences on her playing style, which varies between R&amp;B, neo-soul, and funk. She has performed nationwide with associated soul and R&amp;B acts such as Noname, Bibi McGill, Masego, and Dammo. She was featured on the cover of "She Shreds" magazine, and was chosen by Fender to demo the Player Series of guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="56786185" url="?curid=56786185" title="Vocalzone">
Vocalzone


</doc>
<doc id="56786196" url="?curid=56786196" title="The History of the White Mountains">
The History of the White Mountains

The History of the White Mountains from the First Settlement of Upper Coos and Pequaket was written by Lucy Crawford and first published in 1846, with a revised and expanded edition written in 1860 but not published until 1966.
Lucy Howe was a first cousin of Ethan Allen Crawford, whom she married in November 1817. The couple had met while caring for their ailing grandfather, Eleazar Rosebrook, a pioneering hotelier at Crawford Notch in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, US. Their marriage took place months after the death of Eleazar, whose property Ethan had been given. The couple spent many years in the area, with a brief time living at Guildhall, Vermont, and through much of it they were pioneers in the development of tourism there. Ill-health eventually took its toll on Ethan and during his final years he told Lucy of many episodes from his life which she was able to turn into a book about both him and the area. Ethan died on 22 June 1846 and the book was published soon after. Lucy died in 1869.
Written in Ethan's voice, the 1846 edition, which Pavel Cenkl believes Lucy intended to be in large part a paean to Ethan, building up his image so that more people would might ask him to be their mountain guide, did not sell particularly well. Crawford wrote a revised version around 1860 that expanded the scope such that it contained more about the area, effectively reducing the concentration on Ethan's own life. This version was kept in the family until finally being published in 1966, with the editorial assistance of Stearns Morse. Lucy had been unable to afford publication, although she did eventually manage to pay for some illustrations that she had commissioned for the project.
Christopher Johnson says "it was and remains a beloved White Mountain classic". and that the book is of a similar genre to those that recount tales of American pioneers such as Davy Crockett and Daniel Boone.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="56786199" url="?curid=56786199" title="1991 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
1991 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

The 1991 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles was the 41st edition of the men's doubles championship.
Thomas von Scheele and Peter Karlsson won the title after defeating Wang Tao and Lü Lin in the final by three sets to two. The matches were best of five sets from the quarter final stage.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56786205" url="?curid=56786205" title="Causes of dementia">
Causes of dementia


</doc>
<doc id="56786206" url="?curid=56786206" title="Fire in Me (song)">
Fire in Me (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786212" url="?curid=56786212" title="Fire in Me">
Fire in Me

"Fire in Me" is a song by English singer John Newman. The song was released as a digital download on 9 March 2018 by Island Records. The song peaked at number 59 on Scottish Singles Chart. The song was written by John Newman, James Newman, Phil Plested and David Mørup.
Background.
In an interview with "Metro", Newman said, "I've got new music, lots of it as well. I'm bombarding you. I've been hiding and writing and just waiting until the time is right to release loads. I've lost the pressure, it's been too long. I've taken time away, I'm making music I want to make. I've always been doing that but I felt like I lost myself a little. But it feels good to be back."
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Tidal.

</doc>
<doc id="56786213" url="?curid=56786213" title="Fire in Me (John Newman song)">
Fire in Me (John Newman song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786215" url="?curid=56786215" title="Isaac Itkind">
Isaac Itkind

Isaac Yakovlevich Itkind [app. 1871, Smarhon' (Smorgonie), near Vilnius, Russian Empire, present-day Belarus - February 14, 1969, Alma-Ata (present-day Almaty, Kazakhstan)] was a distinguished Russian and Soviet sculptor from Lithuanian Jewish origin. A self-taught primitivist and a rabbi, only at age of 39 did he start his studies in art in Vilno (now Vilnius), and at age of 42 years, his studies in sculpture with famous Russian sculptor Sergei Volnukhin at the School of Sculpture and Architecture in Moscow. Itkind's favorite style was wooden sculptures of people. The uniqueness of Itkind's creativity was in his genius to “see a soul in the wooden slob” as he often relayed to his creations. "To Isaac Itkind it is important that his sculptures should think and should stimulate thought". The famous artist, Marc Chagall, a personal friend of Itkind, once said: “ Itkind is the Van Gogh of sculpture”. After the Soviet revolution, the tragic events of the Great Purge threw Itkind's life into oblivion - and his masterpieces followed for decades. He was falsely declared dead in 1937. Itkind's long and unique life – full of tragic events – nourished his genius creativity. (Honored Artist of the Kazakh SSR (1968), member of the Union of Artists of the USSR).
Early life.
Isaac Itkind claimed that he was born in 1871 in the town of Smarhon', in the Vilnius province of the Russian Empire. Similar to his father, he was a Hassidic rabbi teaching Tanakh (Hebrew Bible). The turning point in his life was accidental when, at age of 26, he discovered a book about the famous sculptor Mark Antokolsky. Itkind was so impressed by the sculptures of Antokolsky that he started chiseling and sculpting himself. This new “hobby” was inappropriate for the rabbi and disapproved by his family and neighbors. Then a travel journalist, Peretz Hirshbein, wrote an article about the unique gift of self-taught Isaac to the newspaper, which made Itkind famous and eventually brought him to Vilno (now Vilnius) where in 1910 he joined the drawing school with distinguished artist Ferdynand Ruszczyc. In 1911, Itkind moved to Moscow, Russia, where he was accepted by famous sculptor Sergei Volnukhin to study in his workshop at the School of Sculpture and Architecture in 1912-1913.
Self-taught Sculptor (1905 – 1916).
Itkind's early works were predominantly dedicated to the portraits and scenes of small Jewish towns. Itkind's first publish exhibition – in Vilno in 1915 – included his wooden works “Victims of Inquisition,” “Padre,” “Bitter Laughter,” “The Smiling Jew,” “The Crazy Man,” and “Noah’s Arch.” (The newspaper “North-West Voice,” «Северо-западный голос» Jan 1, 1915)
Early Career (1916-1937).
The works performed by Itkind before 1918 were devoted to the theme of grief ("Bitter laughter,” "The Crazy Man,” and "Moralist"). His favorite material was wood. Itkind's sculptures impressed the famous Russian Soviet writer Maxim Gorky, who in 1918 organized the first Itkind personal art exhibition in Soviet Russia (in the Jewish theater Habima). Of the 42 sculptures presented at 1918 exhibition, only three survived until today: "Father"(sometimes named “Self-portrait,” in private collection), "Humpbacked" ( in private collection), "Jewish Melody" (The State Russian Museum, St. Petersburg) . 
After the Revolution, Issac Itkind joined Mark Chagall as a teacher in the Moscow labor colony "III International" near Moscow for homeless children in Malakhovka. Between 1917-1937 he had three personal art exhibitions in Moscow and Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) and participated in another 18 exhibitions with other artists. In 1927, Itkind moved to Leningrad where he created works devoted to various historical and cultural figures: portraits of Lenin, F. Lassalle, K. Marx, F. Engels, and many portraits of the famous Russian poet Alexander Pushkin. At the exhibition dedicated to the 15th Anniversary of Soviet Sculpture Itkind presented his famous “ Victims of fascism pogrom: the head of the composer Matz, killed by “browns”, 1927, (now in The State Russian Museum, St Petersburg) His prolific contribution to the Art Exhibition in Hermitage dedicated to 100 years of death of Pushkin in 1937 included 100 pieces of sculptures. The sculpture “Dying Pushkin” won the first prize.
Isaac Itkind was famous in the USSR and abroad. His masterpieces were bought by famous art collectors, such as Savva Mamontov, prior to the revolution and later by famous people visiting the USSR, including French businessman Leon Blum and brother of Theodore Roosevelt. It was a known fact that both Blum and Roosevelt tried to persuade Itkind to leave USSR and move to the West by offering him help, but Itkind refused. In the 1920-30s Itkind was considered a living genius along with Chagall and Picasso, and one of the leading Russian sculptors of 20th century along with Sergej Konenkov and Stepan Erzia. After the exhibition in France in 1937, Itkind was arrested by the KGB, and then was announced dead in the same year.
Social Life in 1912-1936..
Many famous poets, writers and artists such as Maxim Gorky, Vsevolod Meyerhold, Sergej Konenkov, Maximilian Voloshin, Vladimir Mayakovsky, Sergej Yesenin, Aleksey Tolstoy, and Mark Chagall, became close friends of Itkind and adored his creativity. Itkind was a remarkable storyteller and writer. From his oral stories, famous writers and directors – Maxim Gorky, Vladimir Mayakovsky, Sergei Yesenin, Vsevolod Meyerhold, persuaded Itkind to start writing. Alexey Tolstoy in 1934 published several Itkind's storied in the popular "Star" magazine.
1937-1969.
In 1937, after an exhibition of Itkind's sculpture “Pushkin in Chains” in Paris, France, Itkind was arrested for Japanese espionage and placed into the jail Kresty, where he was beaten, his ribs were broken and eardrums ruptured. Soon after, he was exiled to Siberia, and later to Kazakhstan. The whole world until 1944 believed that Itkind was killed or died in the camps in 1937, it was this date of death that was indicated in the signatures to his sculptures and in literature.
Since 1938, Isaak Itkind lived in the village Zerenda, Kazakhstan, in profound poverty. http://www.pkzsk.info/isaak-itkind-skulptor-voskresshij-v-kazaxstane/ At the same time, no one knew that "a half-savage old sorcerer eating roots, living in a dugout and collecting old stumps" was a world-famous sculptor. In 1944 with the help of brave people, who under the risk of being accused with helping “an enemy of the people,” Itkind moved to Alma-Ata (now Alma-Aty), the capital of Kazakhstan that time. Not much is known about Itkind's life until 1956.
Alma-Ata, Kazakhstan, 1956–1969.
In 1956 Itkind got a job in the Alma-Ata State Theater as a decorator during the daytime, and at night chiseled sculptures from wood in the basement of the theater. During his time in Alma-Ata Itkind created sculptural portraits of famous and simple Kazakh people “Akyn Dzhambul”, “Amangeldy”, “Abay”. Two years later, in 1958, the new young theater artist decided to examine the basement of the theater, where he discovered portraits and compositions that later became famous: “Paul Robeson” (1956), “The Tree-Thinker “(1956), “The Laughing Old Man” (1958), “"Song"” (1960). Nearly all Itkind’s sculptures created in Kazakhstan are currently in The A. Kasteyev State Museum of Arts in Almaty, Kazakhstan. According to some memoirs, approximately a year prior to his death, Isaac Itkind stopped carving and returned to his religious roots, as he was spending all days sitting with kipa on his head and reading Tanakh (Jewish Bible). He died in the city of Alma-Ata in 1969.
Some works of Isaac Itkind are publicly exhibited and some are kept in Russia’s museums: The State Russian Museum and The National Pushkin Museum in St. Petersburg, as well as in the museums of Kazakhstan, France and the USA. During his life, Isaac Itkind was known to generously present his sculptures to acquaintances and friends, therefore, the majority of his works created before 1956 are either lost or in private collections.
In 1967, a young filmmaker from Kazakhstan, Ararat Mashanov, produced a 20-minute documentary about Itkind "Touching Eternity”.

</doc>
<doc id="56786234" url="?curid=56786234" title="Tom Clancy's The Division 2">
Tom Clancy's The Division 2

Tom Clancy's The Division 2 is an online action role-playing video game developed by Massive Entertainment and published by Ubisoft. The sequel to "Tom Clancy's The Division" (2016), it is set in a near-future Washington, D.C. in the aftermath of a genetically engineered virus known as "Green Poison" being released, and follows an agent of the Strategic Homeland Division as they try to rebuild the city. The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on March 15, 2019. 
It received generally favorable reviews from critics, with most noting it as an improvement over the first installment for its setting, gameplay, visuals, combat and soundtrack, though the Endgame content polarised critics. Like its predecessor, it was a commercial success, selling over 10 million copies worldwide despite not meeting expectations at launch.
Gameplay.
Played from a third-person perspective, the game is a cover-based third-person shooter with up to four players being able to complete missions together. The game takes place in Washington D.C. seven months after its predecessor, in which a civil war between survivors and villainous bands of marauders breaks out. In the beginning of the game, players create their own Division agent by customizing the character's gender and appearance. In the game, players are equipped with different firearms, including assault rifles, sniper rifles and Submachine guns, and explosives like grenades to defeat enemies. These weapons are classified into different tiers and rarity. High-quality guns are difficult to obtain, but they have better weapon stats and "talents" that further help boost players' performance. The weapon stats include the following 7 domains: Damage, Rounds Per Minute, Magazine Size, Accuracy, Stability, Reload Time, and Damage Drop Off. These weapons can be further customized with different attachments like scopes, iron sights and barrel attachments. The game features a variety of gear and armor. Wearing gear from the same brand gives players a small performance boost. As players complete missions, they gain loot and experience points (XP). With sufficient XP, they level up and gain SHD Tech, a currency to unlock new skills. These skills include deploying gun turrets, shields and combat drones, or gaining access to weapons like seeker mines and chem launchers. Each skill has unique mods that change its functionality. The game introduces new enemy types, including healers and characters that shoot foam at players. Players can request backup during missions, which allows other players to join their sessions. Players can join a clan, which can accommodate up to 50 players. The actions of individual members of a clan contribute to clan XP, which can be used to upgrade the clan for additional gameplay benefits.
Washington D.C. is an open world for players to explore. Players can recruit non-playable characters by completing missions and providing supplies to different settlements. Recruiting them unlocks new features, including projects, which are fetch quests that reward players with gear, XP, and blueprints for crafting, which can be accessed in the base of operation, the White House. Upgrading settlements enables their expansion to include more facilities and gives players gameplay benefits such as access to their gear stash or fast travel. Another way to fast travel is to use the safehouses players have discovered. Discovering a safehouse reveals the location of nearby SHD caches, which can be used to unlock new perks that further enhance players' combat performance as well as granting advantages such as XP bonuses. Players can liberate enemies' control points and call civilian reinforcements to assist in battle, participate in world events such as stopping public executions and capturing resource convoys, and searching for different collectibles including comms, relics and artifacts, and Echoes. Players encounter different weapon vendors, which buy trinkets (unusable 'junk' items that players collect), and unwanted gear in exchange for E-credits, the game's currency, which can used to purchase new weapons, crafting and appearances changes.
"The Division 2" features three Dark Zones, each of which supports up to 12 players. Dark Zones are areas in which players defeat tough enemies for valuable and rare loot, though the loot can be taken by other players. Upon entering a Dark Zone, players' gear become normalized to ensure that all players are in a level playing field. Non-contaminated loot belongs to players once collected, but contaminated loot must first be extracted by a helicopter while players defend the extraction point from AI enemies and other players. When one player breaks into a Dark Zone chest or steals a Dark Zone supply drop, the player and their team will become rogue. Rogue players can attack other players in the same session to steal their loot and gain XP. Once they eliminate another player, they become "disavowed", which alerts other non-rogue players. If the disavowed rogue eliminate more players, they're designated a 'Manhunt Rogue'; players who kill the rogue agent will receive a significant bounty. Rogue status can be removed by surviving in the Dark Zone for a period of time or accessing the Thieves' Dens (for rogues) and Manhunt terminals (for Manhunt rogues). The Dark Zone has its own progression system, DZ XP, which are earned by killing enemies and rogues, and can be used to unlock perks and gameplay advantages such as a reduced rogue timer.
When a player reaches level 30 and finishes the game's campaign, the game-world is divided into 'world tiers', which serve as different chapters and thresholds for further increasing the game's difficulty. Levels are replaced by Gear Score, which is calculated based on the stats, attributes, and talents of all the weapons and armor players have. In the endgame, a new enemy faction named the Black Tusk invades DC via a large hovercraft, and randomly selects three previously completed missions or strongholds as operational targets, which reactivate as 'invaded' locations., which feature tougher enemies and correspondingly better loot. By completing Invaded missions and having sufficient Gear Score, players can liberate a stronghold, which then unlocks the next world tier. Players can encounter 52 bosses, collectively known as the Deck of 52; each boss will drop a collectible card for players to collect once they are defeated. When players reach the endgame, they can unlock more skills by specializing their character to a specific class: the Sharpshooter, the Demolitionist, and the Survivalist. Each specialization has its own signature weapon; a Survivalist with a crossbow, a Sharpshooter with a TAC-50 anti-materiel sniper rifle and a Demolitionist with a M32A1 grenade launcher. Players can enter Occupied Dark Zones, in which weapons are no longer normalized, friendly fire is activated, AI enemies become more difficult to kill, and players are no longer notified when other players turn rogue. The game features raids, which can be completed by up to eight players.
Synopsis.
Setting.
"The Division 2" is set after the events of "Tom Clancy's The Division", in a world devastated by Green Poison, a potent smallpox strain engineered and released in New York City by an environmental terrorist. Green Poison became a pandemic, resulting in casualties and chaos on a global scale. Facing imminent social collapse, the United States government activated a contingent of domestic sleeper agents called the Strategic Homeland Division (SHD), or "The Division", to preserve order and continuity of government. Division agents leverage advanced technology and wide autonomy to deal with threats as they see fit. They are supplemented on the field with an advanced A.I. system called ISAC.
By the beginning of "The Division 2", most government and military personnel have evacuated Washington D.C., which has descended into lawlessness. The White House is controlled by local Division agents and a coalition of first responders and National Guard troops called the Joint Task Force (JTF), working to protect civilians and reestablish order. However, most of Washington D.C. has been carved into territories controlled by three competing militias: the Hyenas, a loose coalition of gangs, criminals, and anarchists taking advantage of the chaos for amusement and profit; the Outcasts, fanatical survivors of severe quarantines during the onset of the pandemic, seeking revenge on those they believe responsible for their imprisonment and eventual infection; and the True Sons, a highly organized and ruthless group of disgruntled JTF, US Armed Forces, and paramilitary mutineers led by Colonel Antwon Ridgeway, who believes that security can only be restored through brutal authoritarianism.
Additionally, the Acting President of the United States, Andrew Ellis, is considered missing or killed in action since Air Force One crash landed near Capitol Hill.
Plot.
Seven months after the Green Poison outbreak, several Division agents are defending a civilian settlement from a bandit attack when the SHD Network, the system controlling their advanced technology and nationwide communications, suddenly shuts down. The Player's Agent receives a Division distress call from Washington D.C. as a new and larger force begins to attack the settlement. At a fellow agent's urging, they abandon the battle to respond to the call. The Agent arrives in Washington D.C. to find the Division and JTF's local base of operations, the White House, under attack by the Hyenas. After repelling the attack, the Agent is briefed by Manny Ortega, the city's Division controller. The Agent learns that most of the country’s leadership is either dead or missing and the city is mostly controlled by three hostile factions: the Hyenas, the Outcasts, and the True Sons. Ortega instructs the Agent to work with fellow agent Alani Kelso to assist civilian settlements, liberate the city, and restore the SHD network.
Ortega and Kelso uncover information that a cure to Green Poison might be located somewhere in the city, and that President Ellis may have survived the crash of Air Force One but is being held prisoner. Kelso is reluctant to waste time and resources to find Ellis, but Ortega points out that his security clearance may be needed to access the cure. The Agent eventually discovers Ellis and rescues him from Hyena custody. Ellis confirms that broad spectrum antivirals to cure not just Green Poison, but all viral infections, exist. However he can only access them with a special briefcase currently held in the True Sons' heavily fortified base at the United States Capitol. After the Agent repairs the SHD Network, reconnecting Division agents across the country, Ellis vows to restore the United States, no matter the cost. With the tide turning against them, the Hyenas, True Sons, and Outcasts retreat to their final strongholds. With the help of civilian militias and the JTF, the Agent assaults the strongholds and eliminates the leadership of most of the factions, with the Outcasts’ leader Emelline Shaw disappearing during the assault on her stronghold on Roosevelt Island, while recovering Ellis' briefcase from the Capital.
As the Agent and the Division celebrate their victory, a new faction, the technologically advanced private military company Black Tusk, invades the city. Many of D.C.'s landmarks are quickly seized and Ellis suddenly goes missing with his briefcase, forcing the Agent to head out to find Ellis and repel the Black Tusk. The Agent eventually learns that Black Tusk supplied weapons to the gangs of D.C. and were responsible for sabotaging the SHD network, Ellis has been working with the Black Tusk all along, and that Ellis' predecessor, President Mendez, did not commit suicide as previously believed, but was assassinated by his own Secret Service detail on Black Tusk's orders. Thanks to Ellis, Black Tusk gains possession of the broad spectrum antivirals, planning to transport them out of the city. The Agent successfully raids Black Tusk's stronghold at Tidal Basin, retrieving the antivirals and preventing a missile strike on the White House, although Ellis’ location remains unknown.
Downloadable content.
Episode 1 – D.C. Outskirts: Expedition.
Further investigation reveals that Outcast leader Emelline Shaw survived the Division's assault at the stronghold, and that she is at her new hideout at the Manning National Zoo. After fighting their way through the Zoo, the Agent manages to destroy Shaw’s heavily armed monorail car and kill her.
The Agent joins a large JTF task force in an attack on Camp White Oaks, a heavily wooded former presidential retreat in Maryland, which has since been taken over by Black Tusk, with the objective of locating and capturing President Ellis. The main assault force is annihilated when the bridge they are crossing is destroyed by Black Tusk and the remaining team is eventually overrun while trying to secure the main helipad to prevent Ellis’ escape, leaving the Agent to continue the mission alone. The Agent manages to reach the helipad too late as Ellis is evacuated by Black Tusk helicopter, disappearing for the second time.
Meanwhile, the Agent is sent on an expedition to Kenly College to investigate the recent disappearance of a JTF Squad, where the Outcasts have taken over the campus and severed communications. There, the Agent removes the Outcasts securing stolen supplies at the College Library, infiltrates the Metro Station and water treatment facility underneath, and destroys the outcast base in the Student Union building.
Episode 2 – Pentagon: The Last Castle.
The Agent is sent to investigate the Pentagon after the Division detects heavy Black Tusk activity at the facility. Upon reaching the site, the Agent discovers that Black Tusk is setting up a massive drilling operation in order to access the DARPA laboratories underneath the Pentagon, which hold numerous experimental technologies. The Agent sabotages the drilling operation to delay Black Tusk before stealing data from their servers to figure out what they are after. It is revealed that Black Tusk are after a perfusion bioreactor, capable of mass producing the antivirals the Division possesses.
The Agent proceeds into the DARPA lab to find Black Tusk attempting to smuggle the bioreactor out through the tunnel network beneath the Pentagon. The Agent is able to seize the bioreactor and transport it to a nearby helipad, eliminating Black Tusk forces so that the bioreactor can be extracted. Kelso congratulates the Agent, stating that even though they do not have staff qualified to operate the bioreactor yet, they are one step closer to ending the threat of Green Poison.
Episode 3 – Coney Island: The Hunt.
The Agent is sent to the ruins of Coney Island to rescue Vitaly Tchernenko, a virologist kidnapped by rogue Division agent Aaron Keener during the events of the previous game. Keener intends to hand Tchernenko over to Black Tusk at Coney Island in exchange for assistance with an unknown project. The Agent is tasked with rescuing Tchernenko to ensure his knowledge does not fall into Black Tusk's hands, and enlist his help in creating a vaccine. The Agent successfully infiltrates Black Tusk's defenses and has Tchernenko evacuated to Washington D.C.
It becomes apparent that Keener never intended to allow Black Tusk to leave with Tchernenko, as the island comes under attack by The Cleaners, a gang of deranged former DSNY workers that aims to violently purge any potential sources and carriers of the virus. Keener informed The Cleaners of Tchernenko's whereabouts, inciting them to attack Black Tusk so they can kill him. The Agent is forced to fight their way through the Cleaners and Black Tusk while hunting for Keener. After the Agent kills the Black Tusk's commander, Keener hijacks the video feed from a Division drone to gloat at the Agent about his successful double cross, escape, and ominous project.
"Warlords of New York" expansion.
The Agent and Alani Kelso travel to New York City, answering a distress call from Faye Lau, leader of local Division operations. They find the JTF and Division's base in City Hall devastated by a biological weapon deployed by Keener and his allies. The weapon is a derivative of Green Poison called Eclipse, engineered to be instantaneously lethal. The Agent, Kelso, Lau, and JTF leader Roy Benitez regroup at Haven, a civilian settlement run by Paul Rhodes. The settlement is under constant attack and harassment from The Cleaners and The Rikers, the latter being a group mainly consisting of former prisoners from Rikers Island, who now act as an organization who sells weapons and explosives on the black market. Rhodes reluctantly allows The Division to use Haven as their temporary base as long as they leave as soon as they're finished.
As Keener's whereabouts are unknown, the group goes after his lieutenants, who act as warlords in four Lower Manhattan neighborhoods. Keener's warlords are fellow rogue agents convinced or coerced to work for him alongside local gangs: Theo Parnell, an engineering and computer expert fortified inside The Tombs of Civic Center; Vivian Conley, a chemical engineer commanding The Cleaners from a wrecked oil tanker in Two Bridges; Javier Kajika, a guerrilla warfare expert striking from the tunnels beneath Battery Park; and James Dragov, a heavy weapons expert leading The Rikers gang from the Stock Exchange in the Financial District.
The Agent eliminates the four warlords and recovers intelligence placing Keener on Liberty Island. The Agent and Kelso commandeer a ferry to Liberty Island, but are attacked by Black Tusk, who have arrived in Manhattan to attack Keener and confiscate his work. The Agent fights off Black Tusk to reach Keener inside the Statue of Liberty Museum, discovering a surface-to-surface missile system capable of delivering Eclipse payloads. Keener plans to launch a missile at Manhattan, killing everyone to enable the rise of a new society. The agent successfully destroys the system and defeats Keener in battle. A mortally wounded Keener activates a signal on his modified Division wristwatch before dying.
Keener's signal activates ANNA, an AI analogue to ISAC developed by Parnell to network and coordinate rogue Division agents across the country. It's also revealed that Lau betrayed the Division to ally with Black Tusk at some point, and was their reason for arriving in Manhattan after Keener's location was known. Lau tells Bardon Schaeffer, Black Tusk's leader in Washington D.C., that Keener's rogue agent network will help them end the Division. Back in Haven, Rhodes and Benitez thank and congratulate the Agent, but lament Lau's betrayal. Kelso informs the Agent of a rogue agent cell activated in Washington D.C.
Manhunt.
The first rogue cell that the Agent hunts down is led by Molly "Jupiter" Henderson, who teams up with the Cleaners to attack Washington D.C. under Keener's orders. The next rogue cell consists of Carter "Hornet" Leroux, an old friend of Keener's who is tasked with creating more of the Eclipse virus, he teams up with the Outcasts. The third cell has The Division going after The Black Tusk commanding officer, Bardon Schaeffer. During his manhunt, a mysterious Hunter appears as the Agent goes after Schaeffer's Rogue Agents. The Agent eventually kills the hunter, then wounds and captures Schaeffer.
The fourth rogue agent cell is led by Faye Lau herself. After killing her subordinates, the Agent goes after Lau who has set up a meeting with President Ellis. However, just before they can get to them, Lau kills Ellis and attempts to flee. The Agent then faces off against Lau and eventually kills her. A series of audio logs reveal that she joined the Black Tusk in order to assassinate Ellis and overthrow the rest of the U.S. Government.
Development.
The game was developed by Massive Entertainment. Evaluating the feedback from players regarding the first game, Massive Entertainment planned to include more game content at launch and improve the endgame. The game's endgame development was prioritized by Massive Entertainment after hearing players' complaints from the first game. The developers have said that the game's main campaign will take around 40 hours to beat, making it twice as long as the original game.
The game was announced on March 9, 2018, by Ubisoft, with the first gameplay footage being premiered at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2018 in June 2018. At the Expo, Ubisoft confirmed that the game will be released on March 15, 2019 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. A private beta was launched prior to the game's release. The beta started on February 7, 2019, and ended four days later on February 11. After the game's release, three episodes of downloadable content, which add new story content and gameplay modes, will be released for all players for free.
To set "The Division 2" apart from the first game in the series, Massive Entertainment and Ubisoft spent part of the development process revamping the game's weapons based on player feedback. The development team also spent a great deal of time reworking the game's mod system, alongside class specializations. In an interview, director Mathias Karlson said that the development team wanted "Washington to feel as realistic as possible," and that architectural accuracy, as well as realistic weapon sounds, played a large role in that. He said that the team hired and used a number of professional military advisors to help them recreate Washington, D.C. and key sections of the game.
An expansion, "Warlords of New York", was announced by Ubisoft on February 11, 2020, with a release date of March 3, 2020. "Warlords of New York" features new story and exploration activities in the ruins of Lower Manhattan. The narrative focus of the expansion is the Agent's hunt for rogue Division agent Aaron Keener, after the Episode 3 downloadable content.
The game, including all expansions to date, launched on Stadia on March 17, 2020. The Stadia version shares cross-platform play with Microsoft Windows users along with shared progression between those platforms.
Ubisoft released a new game mode named "The Summit" on September 22, 2020. In this mode, up to four players work as a team and ascend a 100-story skyscraper, combating increasingly difficult enemy forces.
On January 21, 2021, Capcom announced that they are working with Ubisoft on a Division 2 collaboration with the Resident Evil series, which consists of Leon's RPD uniform from the Resident Evil 2 Remake game. It also includes STARS uniforms used by Jill Valentine, Chris Redfield and Rebecca Chambers and HUNK's USS uniform. Leon's Resident Evil 4 jacket and Claire's Resident Evil 2 clothes are also available. The event is available to gamers who completed the "Warlords of New York" event.
On February 2, 2021, Ubisoft released an update that would allow the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S to run the game at 60 frames per second while maintaining a 4K resolution.
Reception.
"Tom Clancy's The Division 2" received "generally favorable reviews" from critics, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
"Destructoid" praised the game for its tight, satisfying gameplay, summarizing its review with: "Impressive effort with a few noticeable problems holding it back. Won't astound everyone, but is worth your time and cash." In its 9/10 review, "Game Informer" wrote that "Thrilling combat, a great loot loop, and a strong endgame elevate this Tom Clancy shooter to new heights."
"PC Gamer" gave it a score of 82/100, calling it a "packed, rewarding, and frequently thrilling looter shooter that should have a bright future." In its 4.5/5 review, "GamesRadar+" wrote: ""The Division 2" is a seriously accomplished looter-shooter, with a gameplay loop that keeps on giving, and an endgame that will keep you playing for months (or years) to come." "GameSpot" praised the world design, reward system and variation of enemies, giving the game a 9/10. IGN gave the game a rating of 8.5/10. They praised the "wonderful recreation of Washington, D.C." and were impressed by the gunplay and loot systems which were well thought out and offered player choice. Although the endgame was thought "disappointing", this was considered likely a "temporary problem" and overall the game was said to be "one of the strongest launches the genre has seen yet."
Sales.
"The Division 2" was the UK's best-selling game the week it was released, although its sales figures were 20% of the original game's launch-week sales. In Japan, approximately 63,817 physical units for PlayStation 4 were sold during its launch week becoming the number one selling game of any format. The game topped the PS4 download charts.
The game's sales on consoles failed to meet Ubisoft's expectations, with Ubisoft citing increased competition in the genre as a factor leading to the game's disappointing performance. Ubisoft added that the sales on PC were similar to that of the first game. The game sold more than 10 million copies during the eighth generation of video game consoles.
It was revealed during testimony in the "Epic Games v. Apple" antitrust lawsuit that, between 9–11 May, 70-90% of the online transactions for the game's download were fraudulent, as scammers were using stolen credit card numbers to buy Ubisoft games in the Epic Games Store, which prompted a "profuse" email apology from Epic CEO Tim Sweeny to Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot. “Fraud rates for other Epic games store titles are under 2% and "Fortnite" is under 1%. So 70% fraud was an extraordinary situation.”

</doc>
<doc id="56786235" url="?curid=56786235" title="Eureka (The Hold Steady song)">
Eureka (The Hold Steady song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786236" url="?curid=56786236" title="The Division 2">
The Division 2


</doc>
<doc id="56786243" url="?curid=56786243" title="Marcus Daniel Cronin">
Marcus Daniel Cronin

Marcus Daniel Cronin (9 January 1865 – 12 August 1936) was a United States military officer. He served in a number of conflicts, including the Spanish–American War, Philippine–American War and World War I.
Early life and education.
Cronin was born in Worcester, Massachusetts on 9 January 1865. He attended the United States Military Academy at West Point and graduated in 1887; his classmates included future Major General George O. Squier, and his attendance was concurrent with that of future generals John Pershing and Peyton March. Later, Cronin attended the Army War College and graduated in 1911.
Military career.
On 12 January 1887, Cronin was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant of the Infantry and served on the United States frontier from 1887–1893. After his frontier duty, Cronin became an instructor at West Point from 1893–1897. With the outbreak of the Spanish–American War, Cronin became Regimental Adjutant of the 25th Infantry and served in the Santiago Campaign of 1898; during his time in Cuba, Cronin was also a member of the Sanitary Corps. In the subsequent Philippine–American War, Cronin served as Colonel of the United States Volunteers and later became Assistant Chief of the Philippine Constabulary from 1915–1917. Following the United States' entry into World War I, Cronin was promoted to Brigadier General of the National Army on 5 August 1917. He became commander of the 163rd Infantry Brigade at Camp Gordon, serving in France as part of the American Expeditionary Force. Cronin later retired in 1925.
Personal life and death.
Cronin married Helen Hannay on 2 August 1893. He lived in La Jolla, California and later died in Governors Island, New York on 12 August 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="56786256" url="?curid=56786256" title="Incerto (book)">
Incerto (book)


</doc>
<doc id="56786258" url="?curid=56786258" title="Incerto">
Incerto


</doc>
<doc id="56786264" url="?curid=56786264" title="Dome Pakorn Lum">
Dome Pakorn Lum


</doc>
<doc id="56786269" url="?curid=56786269" title="Khushi Scheme">
Khushi Scheme

Khushi (meaning "Happiness" in Odia) is a female health and hygiene program run by the Government of Odisha to provide free sanitary pads to girl students in Odisha. It was launched on February 26, 2018, by the Chief Minister of Odisha Naveen Patnaik. The Government of Odisha will spend 70 Crore Indian rupees annually for running this program in the state.
About the Scheme.
Under this scheme, the Health Department of Odisha Government aims to provide free sanitary pads to 1.7 million girl students from grade 6th to 12th in government and government-aided schools. Also, it aims to promote health and hygiene among school going girls and higher retention of girls in school.

</doc>
<doc id="56786289" url="?curid=56786289" title="1973 Norwich City Council election">
1973 Norwich City Council election

The 1973 Norwich City Council election took place on 7 June 1973 to elect members of Norwich City Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections. Voting took place across 16 wards, each electing 3 Councillors. Following the Local Government Act 1972, this was the first election to the new non-metropolitan district council for Norfolk, which came into being on 1 April the following year. Labour took control of the Council after winning a comfortable majority of seats.
Council Composition.
After the election, the composition of the council was:

</doc>
<doc id="56786297" url="?curid=56786297" title="Bernard Muwanga">
Bernard Muwanga

Bernard Muwanga (born 25 August 1993) is an Ugandan international footballer who plays for Proline FC, as a defender and midfielder
Career.
Born in Kampala, he has played club football for Bright Stars, SC Villa and Kampala Capital City Authority.
He made his international debut for Uganda in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56786311" url="?curid=56786311" title="I've Loved You Since Forever">
I've Loved You Since Forever


</doc>
<doc id="56786312" url="?curid=56786312" title="I've Loved You Since Forever (song)">
I've Loved You Since Forever (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786324" url="?curid=56786324" title="Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb.">
Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786325" url="?curid=56786325" title="Earth Environ Sci Trans Royal Soc Edinb">
Earth Environ Sci Trans Royal Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786328" url="?curid=56786328" title="Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb.">
Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786329" url="?curid=56786329" title="Earth Environ Sci Trans Roy Soc Edinb">
Earth Environ Sci Trans Roy Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786331" url="?curid=56786331" title="Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. R. Soc. Edinb.">
Earth Environ. Sci. Trans. R. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786332" url="?curid=56786332" title="Earth Environ Sci Trans R Soc Edinb">
Earth Environ Sci Trans R Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786339" url="?curid=56786339" title="Presidency Towns Insolvency Act, 1909">
Presidency Towns Insolvency Act, 1909


</doc>
<doc id="56786343" url="?curid=56786343" title="Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb.">
Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786344" url="?curid=56786344" title="B Positive Choir">
B Positive Choir

The B Positive Choir is a British choir. It contains 60 singers who suffer with the sickle cell disease or who have close friends or family suffering from it. The choir is led by Colin Anderson and Lurine Cato and features members from across the UK.
The choir was formed by NHS Blood and Transplant as an initiative to help raise the awareness of the disease as well as attract new donors to give blood, which is essential to treating the disease, particularly amongst black and Asian communities who the NHS feel are under-represented.
The choir performed at the Boisdale of Canary Wharf restaurant as a warm-up show for the 2017 MOBO Awards. They then performed at the awards show proper in Leeds, with gospel artist Lurine Cato on 29 November. MOBO founder Kanya King later said she was happy to support and work with the B Positive Choir and was pleased that their televised performance was popular.
Following the performance, they were invited to perform Christmas songs at St Pancras railway station. They also released a charity single, "Rise Up" in late 2017.
The B Positive Choir starred in the 12th season of Britain's Got Talent. They were selected to appear in the live show, and came in the top 3 of the second semi-final. Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon voted for the choir, but Simon Cowell and David Walliams did not. The tie left it up to the audience, and the B Positive Choir were eliminated. However, they were later chosen as the judges' wildcard act, reinstating them into the final. The choir finished in 11th place.
In 2019 the choir performed before members of the royal family at the annual Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="56786345" url="?curid=56786345" title="Trans Royal Soc Edinb">
Trans Royal Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786347" url="?curid=56786347" title="Heddon-on-the-Wall railway station">
Heddon-on-the-Wall railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56786350" url="?curid=56786350" title="Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb.">
Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786351" url="?curid=56786351" title="Trans Roy Soc Edinb">
Trans Roy Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786352" url="?curid=56786352" title="Godfather II (album)">
Godfather II (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786353" url="?curid=56786353" title="Trans. R. Soc. Edinb.">
Trans. R. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786354" url="?curid=56786354" title="Trans R Soc Edinb">
Trans R Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786357" url="?curid=56786357" title="Keith Raymond">
Keith Raymond

Keith Raymond (born 1987) is an Irish hurler who plays as a centre-back for the Sligo senior team.
Born in Sligo, Raymond first played competitive hurling at juvenile and underage levels with the Calry/St. Joseph's club. He later joined the club's senior team and has experienced much success, including four Connacht medals. Raymond has also won eleven county championship medals.
Raymond was just fifteen years old when he made his debut with the Sligo senior team during the 2003 league. He subsequently became a regular member of the team and has won one Nicky Rackard Cup medal and two National Hurling League medals in different divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="56786360" url="?curid=56786360" title="Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Repeal Act, 2003">
Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Repeal Act, 2003


</doc>
<doc id="56786361" url="?curid=56786361" title="Godfather II (Wiley album)">
Godfather II (Wiley album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786368" url="?curid=56786368" title="Mem. Wernerian Nat. Hist. Soc.">
Mem. Wernerian Nat. Hist. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56786369" url="?curid=56786369" title="Muzamir Mutyaba">
Muzamir Mutyaba

Muzamir Mutyaba (born 10 October 1993) is an Ugandan international footballer who plays for Express, as a midfielder.
Career.
He has played club football for Maroons, Victoria University and Kampala Capital City Authority. After leaving KCCA at the end of the 2019–20 season, in January 2021 he signed for Express.
He made his international debut for Uganda in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56786370" url="?curid=56786370" title="Mem Wernerian Nat Hist Soc">
Mem Wernerian Nat Hist Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56786379" url="?curid=56786379" title="1985 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1985 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1985 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1985 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his eleventh year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of six wins, three losses and one tie (6–3–1, 2–2–1 NCAC). They outscored their opponents 282–205 for the 1985 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1986 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56786385" url="?curid=56786385" title="Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb. A">
Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb. A


</doc>
<doc id="56786386" url="?curid=56786386" title="Proc Royal Soc Edinb A">
Proc Royal Soc Edinb A


</doc>
<doc id="56786388" url="?curid=56786388" title="Arents">
Arents

Arents is a Dutch and German patronymic surname ("son of Arent"). The form "Arentsz" is primarily known as a patronym. Notable people with the surname include:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="56786390" url="?curid=56786390" title="Insolvency Resolution Professional">
Insolvency Resolution Professional


</doc>
<doc id="56786392" url="?curid=56786392" title="Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb. A">
Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb. A


</doc>
<doc id="56786393" url="?curid=56786393" title="Proc Roy Soc Edinb A">
Proc Roy Soc Edinb A


</doc>
<doc id="56786395" url="?curid=56786395" title="Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb. B">
Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb. B


</doc>
<doc id="56786398" url="?curid=56786398" title="Proc Royal Soc Edinb B">
Proc Royal Soc Edinb B


</doc>
<doc id="56786399" url="?curid=56786399" title="Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb. B">
Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb. B


</doc>
<doc id="56786401" url="?curid=56786401" title="Proc Roy Soc Edinb B">
Proc Roy Soc Edinb B


</doc>
<doc id="56786402" url="?curid=56786402" title="Proc. R. Soc. Edinb. B">
Proc. R. Soc. Edinb. B


</doc>
<doc id="56786403" url="?curid=56786403" title="Proc R Soc Edinb B">
Proc R Soc Edinb B


</doc>
<doc id="56786405" url="?curid=56786405" title="Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb.">
Proc. Royal Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786406" url="?curid=56786406" title="Proc Royal Soc Edinb">
Proc Royal Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786410" url="?curid=56786410" title="Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb.">
Proc. Roy. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786411" url="?curid=56786411" title="Proc Roy Soc Edinb">
Proc Roy Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786415" url="?curid=56786415" title="Proc. R. Soc. Edinb.">
Proc. R. Soc. Edinb.


</doc>
<doc id="56786416" url="?curid=56786416" title="Get the Fuck Off My Dick">
Get the Fuck Off My Dick


</doc>
<doc id="56786418" url="?curid=56786418" title="Proc R Soc Edinb">
Proc R Soc Edinb


</doc>
<doc id="56786420" url="?curid=56786420" title="Anders Svedlund">
Anders Svedlund

Anders Johan Svedlund, (born 1926 in Mellösa, Sweden, died 1979 in Auckland, New Zealand), was a Swedish born, naturalized New Zealand ocean rowing pioneer. Anders performed 2 of 14 Historic ocean rows listed by Ocean Rowing Society, the official Guinness Adjudicator for ocean rowing. He was the first to row the Indian Ocean, the first to row on the Pacific solo, and the fastest ocean rower of his times.
Ocean Rowing.
Historic Ocean Rows.
Two ocean rows completed by Anders Svedlund were unassisted and unsupported, undertaken without water makers, without sat phones, without GPS, EPIRB or liferafts; conditions which are described by Ocean Rowing Society as "not much different from the days of Columbus", defining historic ocean rowers as "test pilots, but without a parachute".
Indian Ocean.
In 1971 Anders Svedlund became the first to row the Indian Ocean from Kalbarri, Western Australia to a beach of Ankirikiriky, near Diego Suarez, Madagascar, taking 64 days in a boat called Roslagen, covering a distance of 4313 miles (3748 Nautical Miles or 6941 km), achieving average speed of 2,44 Knots (2,81Mph or 4,52 km/h). It was the fastest average speed achieved on any ocean up to date. The ocean was successfully crossed again by a solo rower over 30 years later in 2003. The overall speed record on the Indian Ocean was only broken by a team, over 40 years later in 2014 and has never been broken by a solo rower despite the attempts undertaken in newly designed, vastly technologically-advantaged boats. Svedlund's is the second longest standing ocean rowing speed record after the record of Frank Samuelsen and George Harbo. Anders Svedlund's boat, Roslagen, later renamed to Waka Moana, was the fastest boat in ocean rowing history from 1971 to 1992, when higher overall speed was finally achieved on the Atlantic Ocean by the 11 men team La Mondiale. Higher speed by a solo rower was achieved 31 years later (2002) on the relatively less challenging route, Atlantic Ocean Trade Winds I. 
Pacific Ocean.
Three years later in 1974 he became the first solo rower to row on the Pacific, still in the same boat renamed to Waka Moana from Chilie to West Samoa via Tahiti. The journey took him 191 days and covered 6462 Miles (5615 Nautical Miles or 10400 km). Upon his arrival in Tahiti he was welcomed by Marie-Therese Danielsson, wife of Bengt Danielsson, a crew member on the Kon Tiki raft expedition, who wrote an article on Anders for "Pacific Islands Monthly" in April 1983. Danielsson retrospectively titled Anders "The Great Pacific Rower", as by that time there were many other attempts made to row the Pacific that the achievement of Anders could be compared to.
Approach to expeditions.
Svedlund seemed to care very little for records, shunned all publicity, and never kept a log or wrote down the story of his accomplishments. After rowing across the Indian Ocean, he went straight back to Auckland, and, without telling a soul where he had been, resumed his old trade as a house painter.
In his “journals” he didn't write about risks and difficulties. His journals (when found) were full of his inner disputes on philosophical, existential and spiritual dilemmas. For him rowing seemed to be a mystical quest, and any achievement was a by-product of the journey.
When asked about the biggest difficulties of ocean rowing, Anders would mention: “The one thing I regret is that she heaves and rolls so much that it is absolutely impossible to stand on my head for any length of time. To function normally one must stand on one's head for at least an hour a day”. Anders was asked whether he was ever bored not having radio or books on board of his boat. He would answer that "the sea offered a splendid, ever-changing spectacle” It actually made him so happy that he often burst into song. Mostly he sang old Swedish folk songs he had learned as a child.
Personal life.
Anders was a teetotaler and a vegetarian.
Legacy.
A section of Maritime Museum in Auckland is dedicated to Anders Svedlund.
"Mariners Book Of Days" dedicated one day to Anders Svedlund.

</doc>
<doc id="56786430" url="?curid=56786430" title="LoveLaws">
LoveLaws

LoveLaws is the debut studio album by the American musician Theresa Wayman. It was released under the pseudonym TT on May 18, 2018 on LoveLeaks, Wayman's own imprint. Produced over an eight-year period, "LoveLaws" style deviates from the music she created as a member of the indie rock band Warpaint and features a more electronic sound influenced by downtempo and trip hop. The album's lyrics explore several themes relating to the concept of love, including motherhood, self-empowerment and both romantic and platonic love.
Wayman self-produced "LoveLaws" with her brother Ivan, with additional production contributions from Dan Carey and Money Mark. It was recorded in several locations, including Wayman's home studio and Warpaint's personal studio in the United States and Carey's studio in London, England. Wayman only performed a small number of dates in the U.S. and England in support of "LoveLaws" release, including appearances at Amoeba Music and the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles. Further promotion for "LoveLaws" included online sessions for Baeble Music in the US, Revista Martin in Mexico and Matches Fashion in England. Critical response to the album was largely positive.
Background.
Theresa Wayman initially began learning piano as a child, aged 10, in Eugene, Oregon. After she "dabbled in guitar" as a teenager, Wayman "got really serious" about music and songwriting, learning both guitar and drums by 21-years old. In 2004 she formed the indie rock band Warpaint in Los Angeles, California, with whom she released three studio albums—"The Fool" (2010), "Warpaint" (2014) and "Heads Up" (2016)—to critical acclaim.
In 2010 Wayman began the process of composing and recording solo material by "daydreaming about making music" using ideas that were "brewing since [she] was a teenager". She subsequently began learning to use the digital audio workstation Logic Pro by Apple, utilizing the application's drum machines and creating loops. Among the earliest tracks written by Wayman was an embryonic version of "The Dream".
Since Wayman was not signed to a record label as a solo artist, she was "free to experiment in whichever direction [she] wanted to" with her initial ideas for "LoveLaws", as there was no release deadline to meet. She subsequently spent a further eight years writing and recording ideas for the album, which she called a "luxury". Describing the situation, Wayman said:
"Usually I'm up against time and money [but] with this, I didn't have that pressure. I did get to set things aside and wait to see how I felt about them later; if they had a longer shelf life then I knew it was right."
Recording.
"LoveLaws" was recorded intermittently over an eight-year period from 2010 to 2018 in various locations, including Wayman's home studio; House on the Hill, Warpaint's personal studio in downtown Los Angeles, California; and Mr. Dan's, Dan Careys studio in London, England. Wayman was the album's main producer, with further co-production from her brother Ivan and Carey, both of whom also performed as multi-instrumentalists. Ivan Wayman co-produced eight tracks; Carey co-produced two ("I've Been Fine" and "Too Sweet").
Beastie Boys collaborator Mark Ramos Nishita (Money Mark) was brought in by Wayman during the later sessions for the album. Instead of rearranging or reproducing the existing tracks, he and Wayman spent the sessions "just jamming", with Money Mark instead contributing "some really beautiful lines" that Wayman could then cut and paste throughout the album. Money Mark co-produced two tracks ("Love Leaks" and "Tutorial") and contributed electric piano on "Tutorial" and the synthesizer line in the chorus of "Love Leaks", which Wayman then further rearranged as the song's introduction.
All three other members of Warpaint were also part of the "LoveLaws" recording process. "Take One" features bassist Jenny Lee Lindberg, who Wayman instructed "to go crazy" during the song's instrumental bridge; "Safe" features drummer Stella Mozgawa, who Wayman "asked for some input" and who contributed synthesizers and drum fills; and "Too Sweet" features vocalist Emily Kokal singing "made of a lover", a lyric previously used on the Warpaint song "Biggy" from the band's eponymous second studio album four years prior.
Wayman spent the final year-and-a-half of the "LoveLaws" production taking "all the bits and pieces" produced since 2010 "and putting it together" with Ivan. "Safe", which begins with a dialogue between a man and a woman whose voices are reversed, was originally intended to include sampled dialogue from a scene in Alfred Hitchcocks 1954 film "Rear Window". Wayman said "it matched up perfectly" and "felt like it had to be there", but was ultimately replaced by dialogue recorded by Pete Checkvala and Wayman. The final sessions with Ivan included the rerecording of several of the album's vocal tracks; the final song to be completed was "The Dream". "LoveLaws" was subsequently mixed by Ivan and Shawn Everett and mastered by Dave Cooley at Elysian Masters in Los Angeles.
Composition.
"LoveLaws" contains ten tracks, nine of which were written by Wayman. Of the nine tracks she penned, two were co-written with collaborators. "Mykki", the album's opener, was co-written with her brother Ivan Wayman and Joe Base; "Dram" was co-written with Ivan. One track ("Sassafras Interlude") was written and performed by Ludivine Anneliz, also known as "Sassafras". A multi-instrumentalist, Wayman performed several instruments on the album, including guitar, bass, synthesizers, samplers, piano, electric organ and both acoustic and digital drums.
"LoveLaws" musical style has been noted for deviating from Wayman's "rather guitar-heavy roots" in Warpaint, with more of an emphasis on samples, "dark and moody synths", "sparse beats" and "Lynchian electronic noise"; Wayman herself has described the album as "a lot more electronic … and maybe more gentle" than Warpaint's sound. In particular, Wayman has cited the use of soundscapes by trip hop bands Portishead and Massive Attack as an influence on the album's sound, as well as soul artists Al Green and Sade, and the Icelandic musician Björk. Wayman dubbed the album's genre as "bedroom folk" while several publications have described it as downtempo, trip hop, electronica, and art pop. Wayman, although stressing she did not consider "LoveLaws" a work of ambient music, said that the album "fulfills the definition of ambient music in the sense that it's very mood driven and creates something to feel and think to and experience on a physical level."
Initially, Wayman wrote stream of consciousness-style lyrics for the songs on "LoveLaws" and avoided "revising music or lyrics in the pursuit of a raw, unfussy sound." However, during the process of "polishing ideas" for the final versions, she reworked several lyrics, approaching them by "wondering about … how to reconcile these different aspects of my life that don't necessarily go together". Wayman attributed the life-change of becoming a mother to her approach to songwriting with a newfound energy, acknowledging "It makes me get closer to the dreams I’ve always had. It makes me remember who I really am." Originally the songs on "LoveLaws" were "break-up ballads and aspirational love songs", which Wayman claims were her "romanticizing about having the perfect relationship when in real life, I wasn't able to have any relationship". Over the course of writing, the songs' subjects and themes "naturally expanded to include different influences", including motherhood, self-empowerment, and self-love. Wayman confirmed the overarching lyrical themes of "LoveLaws" as romantic love, but emphasised that "it's all kinds of facets of [love]", including platonic friendships and the concept of unconditional love, both "of the past and what [she had] been going through". Wayman's lyrics have been noted for their "emotional openness", which she herself commented on, claiming the album as a whole "evokes emotion more than being an intellectual album."
Release.
"LoveLaws" was released on May 18, 2018 in the United States and Europe on LoveLeaks, Wayman's own imprint, and distributed by Caroline International. The album was made available for streaming and digital download on several online services and issued on CD in both regions. A limited-edition rose-colored gatefold LP was released only in Europe. A Japanese CD pressing was distributed by Hostess Entertainment Unlimited and included a bonus track, "So To Be Forgot". "LoveLaws" artwork was designed by Wayman, featuring photography by Delaram Pourabdi. Explaining the album's title, Wayman said she thought of it as "a good concept to build an album from. I was feeling ruled by love and romance, and also seeing love as being a fundamental of life in so many ways."
An album launch was held at Everyman Kings Cross in London four days prior to "LoveLaws" official release. Hosted by Pitchblack Playback, a company who host album listening sessions in a pitch-black environment, the event included a question-and-answers session with Wayman. In further promotion of the album, Wayman performed online sessions for Baeble Music in the US, Revista Martin in Mexico, and Matches Fashion in England between March and October 2018. She also appeared as a guest and performed on BBC Radio 4s "Woman's Hour".
Three singles were released from "LoveLaws". The lead single, "Love Leaks", was released on March 7, 2018—the day the album was announced. The second single, "I've Been Fine", was released on April 5 with an accompanying music video directed by both Wulf Anderson and Wayman. The third and final single, "The Dream", was released on May 4.
Wayman made a conscious decision to not continuously tour in promotion of "LoveLaws", citing the struggles of Warpaint's constant touring as a reason. She instead performed a small, six-date tour of England from May 17 to 23, 2018 supporting Nick Mulvey and performing a headline show at the Pickle Factory in London; the following week, "LoveLaws" placed at number 38 on the United Kingdom's Official Record Store Chart. Several small shows in California were subsequently announced between June and October, including appearances at MOCA Music at the Museum of Contemporary Art and Amoeba Music in Los Angeles.
Reception.
Upon its release "LoveLaws" received positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 70, based on 9 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". "Clash" writer Josh Gray praised "LoveLaws" as "refreshingly honest"—in particular its lyrical "frankness" and "intimacy"—but criticized the album as "more of a messy entry scrawled across the pages of a personal diary than it is a pristine, thought-out postcard". Gray summarized that "occasionally [the album's] composition feels scrappy or unfinished, but this doesn’t particularly mar the experience of listening to it", rating it seven out of ten. In a four-out-of-five-star review for "DIY", Lisa Wright drew comparisons to Warpaint's releases and said "LoveLaws" "feel familiar yet riddled with something slightly sadder", concluding that the album was "an even more personal exploration of [Wayman's] affective talents."
"Hot Press" rated "LoveLaws" six out of ten, with Sam Steiger writing that "the overall mood is claustrophobic—the aural equivalent of a deep-sea journey … Enveloped in icy, Stygian depths, the sounds resonate with exaggerated meaning"; Steiger called the resulting sound "cool, downbeat and languid." Writing for "The Line of Best Fit", Ross Horton referred to "LoveLaws" as "a resounding success", praised the album's "mastery of dynamics" and selected "The Dream" as the album's highlight, calling it "a groovy, down-tempo banger with thudding percussion sounds, densely layered atmospherics and Wayman's distinctive murmur"; Horton awarded the album a seven-out-of-ten rating. "Loud and Quiet" reviewer Tristan Gatward called "LoveLaws" "a resounding and devastating collection of songs about motherhood, loneliness and romance in an unromantic age" and "lyrically astute pop with shattering confessionalism", ultimately rating it eight out of ten.
In a four-out-of-five-star review for "NME", Andrew Trendell said "LoveLaws" was "so driven by Wayman's personality, vivid lyricism and adventurous flair that it deserves to exist within its own realm", praising the album's "crisp production and open-hearted approach" and further calling it "a record not only to be listened to from start to finish, but a 'headphones' album if ever there was one." Katie Hawthorne of "The Skinny" rated the album four-out-of-five stars and said Wayman's "imagination is startling and singular". She referred to Wayman's songwriting as having a "slippery, shimmering quality", selecting "I've Been Fine", "Dram", "Safe" and "Too Sweet" as highlights from the album.
In a three-out-of-five-star review for "American Songwriter", Hal Horowitz noted the album's preference for "atmospheric programmed beats, synths, piano and bass" over Wayman's usual use of guitar, adding that the resulting sound was "often throbbing, sensual … augmented by suggestive lyrics." Though further praising the album's "personal and riveting" lyrics and "enduring, durable and somewhat ageless vibe", Horowitz claimed "LoveLaws" "seems caught in a time warp of sorts" due to its "melodramatic tendencies" and "often creepy robot-on-narcotics sound". "Q", in another three-out-of-five-star review, was similarly critical and said "LoveLaws" "feels like an act of introspection that's gone too far, one that might have benefited from a breath of fresh air, a trip outside its head."
Personnel.
All personnel credits adapted from "LoveLaws" album notes.

</doc>
<doc id="56786432" url="?curid=56786432" title="Love Laws">
Love Laws


</doc>
<doc id="56786436" url="?curid=56786436" title="U.S Committee on the Marine Transportation System">
U.S Committee on the Marine Transportation System


</doc>
<doc id="56786442" url="?curid=56786442" title="Accidentally On Purpose (album)">
Accidentally On Purpose (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786444" url="?curid=56786444" title="Accidentally on Purpose (The Shires album)">
Accidentally on Purpose (The Shires album)

Accidentally on Purpose is the third studio album by British country music duo The Shires. It was released on 20 April 2018 by Decca Records. The album was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee and produced by Lindsay Rimes.
Background.
In an official statement through Universal Music, Earle and Rhodes stated about the album: "Accidentally on Purpose is full of personal songs that really sums up the whirlwind journey we've been on together. From the first day we met, we’ve been crazy dreamers with big plans, who really believed that Country could break into the UK mainstream. For all those dreams, we never imagined it would all happen so quickly and we're so proud and excited to be releasing our third album."

</doc>
<doc id="56786445" url="?curid=56786445" title="Edinb. New Philos. J.">
Edinb. New Philos. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56786446" url="?curid=56786446" title="Accidentally On Purpose (The Shires album)">
Accidentally On Purpose (The Shires album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786447" url="?curid=56786447" title="Edinb New Philos J">
Edinb New Philos J


</doc>
<doc id="56786449" url="?curid=56786449" title="Edinb. New Phil. J.">
Edinb. New Phil. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56786450" url="?curid=56786450" title="Edinb New Phil J">
Edinb New Phil J


</doc>
<doc id="56786456" url="?curid=56786456" title="National Cyclopaedia of Useful Knowledge">
National Cyclopaedia of Useful Knowledge


</doc>
<doc id="56786461" url="?curid=56786461" title="Edinb. Phil. J.">
Edinb. Phil. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56786462" url="?curid=56786462" title="Edinb Phil J">
Edinb Phil J


</doc>
<doc id="56786463" url="?curid=56786463" title="Edinb. Philos. J.">
Edinb. Philos. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56786464" url="?curid=56786464" title="Edinb Philos J">
Edinb Philos J


</doc>
<doc id="56786465" url="?curid=56786465" title="National Cyclopedia">
National Cyclopedia


</doc>
<doc id="56786472" url="?curid=56786472" title="Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.">
Trans. Royal Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56786473" url="?curid=56786473" title="Trans Royal Soc Edinb Earth Sci">
Trans Royal Soc Edinb Earth Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56786475" url="?curid=56786475" title="Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.">
Trans. Roy. Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56786476" url="?curid=56786476" title="Stéphane Mony">
Stéphane Mony

Stéphane Christophe Mony (or Stéphane Flachat, or Mony-Flachat, 14 February 1800 – 10 March 1884) was a French railway engineer, company president and politician.
He was involved in the Saint-Simonian movement when a young man.
He was trained as an engineer, and he and his half brother Eugène Flachat built the Paris-Saint Germain and Paris-Versailles railway lines between 1833 and 1840.
He was then appointed head of the Commentry mining company, later Commentry-Fourchambault, a position he held until his death. 
He was elected to the legislature towards the end of the Second French Empire, from 1868 to 1870.
He did not succeed in getting reelected in the French Third Republic.
Family.
Stéphane Christophe Mony was born in Paris on 14 February 1800.
He was the son of Marguerite Charlotte Marthe Mony, who had divorced the Paris notary Pierre Jalabert in November 1799.
There was no mention of infidelity in the divorce proceedings, and his mother did not inform Jalabert of her pregnancy.
In 1801 his mother remarried Christophe Flachat (1759–1843).
His stepfather was a former prosecutor who had become a businessman.
He was the son of Jean-Claude Flachat (1718–1775), who had introduced the cotton industry to Lyon.
His mother had Stéphane baptized with the name "Flachat".
This led to legal disputes over paternal authority in 1835, and resulted in his change of name to Mony.
His half brothers were Adolphe Flachat (1801–77) and Eugène Flachat (1802–1873).
Flachat began preparatory courses for a career as a mining engineer on 25 July 1820, and was admitted to the École des Mines de Paris on 16 March 1821.
He left the school in June 1821 and was removed from the list of pupils on 24 January 1822.
Flachat married Jeanne-Marie Pelletier (1806–1885).
Their son Stéphane Adolphe Mony (1831–1909) also attended the Ecole des Mines but left without graduating.
Engineer (1821–40).
After leaving school Flachat became involved in the Saint-Simonian movement and for some time was the host of the Saint-Simonian house at Ménilmontant.
He contributed to the liberal journal "Le Constitutionnel".
For a period he prospected for mines.
From 1823 to 1830 he was engaged in studying the maritime canal from Le Havre to Paris.
He published an Atlas of the Caledonian Canal in 1828.
This work described how the technical problems of water management in a sea-to-sea canal had been solved, a subject of interest to canal builders in France.
His report on the Maritime canal from Le Havre to Paris was published in 1829.
In 1832 Mony, as a member of the Collège de la Religion Saint-Simonienne, wrote a 4-page pamphlet on avoiding Cholera in Paris by supplying running water and a sewage system.
In 1834 Flachat published a 160-page book on Industry at the French Industrial Exposition of 1834.
As a Saint-Simonean he religiously glorified industry.
His popular book summarizing Charles Dupin's official report on the exposition argued that what before has been a display of an arsenal was now a contribution to universal peace and industrial development.
In his 1835 "Traité élémentaire de mécanique industrielle" Flachat rejected the distinction that Charles Babbage had made between machines that transmit force and those that product it.
He argued that machines never make force, but only transform it.
Stéphane Flachat, his brother Eugène and his childhood friend Benoît Paul Émile Clapeyron participated in construction of the railway line from Paris to Saint Germain().
They had the financial support of Adolphe d'Eichthal(), Rothschild, Auguste Thurneyssen, Sanson Davillier and the Péreire brothers (Émile() and Isaac()).
The Péreires were also Saint-Simonians.
In 1837 Mony was made a knight of the Legion of Honour for his work on the Paris to Saint-Germain railway.
The Flachats also built the Paris-Versailles Right Bank railway, and in 1840 Stéphane was chief engineer of the two railway lines.
Commentry mines (1840–84).
In 1840 Mony was asked by Paul Rambourg(), a schoolmate at the Ecole des Mines, to take charge of the Société Rambourg frères and the Commentry mine.
On 17 December 1853 Boigues Rambourg &amp; Cie was formed as a "société en commandite par actions" (publicly traded partnership) by the merger of seven firms with the Commentry Mine, the Montluçon Blast Furnace and the Fourchambault Iron Manufacturing Workshop.
From 1856 Mony had deteriorating relations with the former owners, Paul Benoist d'Azy of Boigues and Paul Rambourg.
They wanted the two main component companies to retain independence and separate management, while Mony wanted to integrate them for greater efficiency during a period of economic difficulties.
In 1860 Mony decided to hire the best engineers from the Saint-Étienne Mining School, and Henri Fayol joined the firm as an engineer and trainee manager.
Mony made Fayol his protege, and Fayol succeeded him as manager of the Commentry Mine and eventually as managing director of Commentry-Fourchambault and Decazeville.
In 1874 the company was transformed into a "société anonyme" (public limited company), the Société de Commentry, Fourchambault et Decazeville.
The former owner families were removed from management, leaving Mony in charge with Eugène Glachant and Anatole Le Brun de Sessevalle as his assistants.
Mony continued to run the company until his death.
Politics.
Mony was a member of the Commentry municipal council from 1843.
He was made an Officer of the Legion of Honour on 13 August 1864.
He was elected mayor of Commentry in 1866, and general councillor of Allier in 1867.
He was elected to the legislature for the 3rd constituency of Allier in a by-election of 11 July 1868 to replace Édouard Fould(), who had resigned.
He joined the dynastic majority group.
He was reelected on 23 May 1869 and again sat with dynastic majority.
In the chamber he issued several reports on public works and was involved in discussions on the budget and on the strikes at Le Creusot.
In June he asked for an interpellation concerning the effect of the Gotthard Tunnel on France.
He left office when the Second French Empire was dissolved on 4 September 1870.
After the defeat of France in the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71) the mood in the mining community changed drastically.
The coal miners were no longer willing to vote for the boss of the company, but instead voted for left-wing republican candidates who were often hostile to the industrialists.
Mony ran for reelection to the legislature in 1871 but was defeated.
He tried again in 1877 of the list of Marshal MacMahon, but was again defeated.
Stéphane Mony died on 10 March 1884 in Blomard, Allier, aged 84.
Publications.
Publications by Stéphane Flachat / Mony included:

</doc>
<doc id="56786477" url="?curid=56786477" title="Trans Roy Soc Edinb Earth Sci">
Trans Roy Soc Edinb Earth Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56786480" url="?curid=56786480" title="Trans. R. Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.">
Trans. R. Soc. Edinb. Earth Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56786481" url="?curid=56786481" title="Trans R Soc Edinb Earth Sci">
Trans R Soc Edinb Earth Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56786482" url="?curid=56786482" title="Why Do I">
Why Do I


</doc>
<doc id="56786484" url="?curid=56786484" title="Why Do I (song)">
Why Do I (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786489" url="?curid=56786489" title="Why Do I (Nervo song)">
Why Do I (Nervo song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786490" url="?curid=56786490" title="Solicitation provision">
Solicitation provision


</doc>
<doc id="56786498" url="?curid=56786498" title="Yassin Bouih">
Yassin Bouih

Yassin Bouih (born 24 November 1996) is a Moroccan and Italian middle-distance runner competing primarily in the 1500 metres. He represented Italy at the 2018 World Indoor Championships, finishing eleventh.
Biography.
Of Moroccan and later acquired Italian citizenship, Yassin's parents came to Italy from Morocco to work, first to Turin before settling in Reggio Emilia where Yassin was born.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="56786506" url="?curid=56786506" title="Official Secrets Movie">
Official Secrets Movie


</doc>
<doc id="56786513" url="?curid=56786513" title="Stéphane Flachat">
Stéphane Flachat


</doc>
<doc id="56786514" url="?curid=56786514" title="Black Ops 4">
Black Ops 4


</doc>
<doc id="56786518" url="?curid=56786518" title="Black Ops IIII">
Black Ops IIII


</doc>
<doc id="56786519" url="?curid=56786519" title="Black Ops IV">
Black Ops IV


</doc>
<doc id="56786541" url="?curid=56786541" title="Mondial la Marseillaise de pétanque">
Mondial la Marseillaise de pétanque


</doc>
<doc id="56786546" url="?curid=56786546" title="Flachat">
Flachat

Flachat is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56786551" url="?curid=56786551" title="TPP 11">
TPP 11


</doc>
<doc id="56786555" url="?curid=56786555" title="Andrea Elle">
Andrea Elle

Andrea Elle (born 1940) is a former East German road bicycle racer.
Sports.
Elle started her career as a ballet dancer, handball player, and track and field athlete before eventually settled on cycling.
Elle raced for "SC Einheit Berlin" cycling club. At the 1960 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Leipzig she placed third in the individual pursuit. In 1963, she won the GDR Road Bicycle Racing championship, after coming second in 1958; the following year, 1959, she was third. She won the GDR track time trial championship in 1960, 1961 and 1964, and placed second in 1962 and 1963. In 1960, she also won the sprint.
Personal life.
In 1964, she married cyclist Rudolf Franz.

</doc>
<doc id="56786559" url="?curid=56786559" title="Grimaldi scaled squid">
Grimaldi scaled squid


</doc>
<doc id="56786567" url="?curid=56786567" title="Call of Duty Black Ops 4">
Call of Duty Black Ops 4


</doc>
<doc id="56786568" url="?curid=56786568" title="Call of Duty Black Ops IIII">
Call of Duty Black Ops IIII


</doc>
<doc id="56786571" url="?curid=56786571" title="Call of Duty Black Ops IV">
Call of Duty Black Ops IV


</doc>
<doc id="56786591" url="?curid=56786591" title="Munger Road (film)">
Munger Road (film)

Munger Road is a 2011 American independent horror film starring Bruce Davison. It is based on the haunted namesake road located in the state of Illinois. The film was written and directed by St. Charles native, Nicholas Smith.
Plot.
In St. Charles, IL, during the town's Scarecrow Fest, two teenaged couples (Joe, Corey, Scott and Rachel) take their SUV down to Munger Road to test the local urban legend. Simultaneously, a convicted killer escapes from his transport to another jail and starts a murder spree. Two police officers in town look to capture the killer without disturbing the town festival.
The teenagers, back at their vehicle, test to see if the children will push their SUV off the railroad track crossing by dusting the bumper with baby powder. The teenage girls are momentarily tricked by their boyfriends into believing that the spirits moved the vehicle. The girls become upset at being tricked and ask to go home. The boys try to start the vehicle, but are unable to do so. One of the couples decides to stay with the vehicle, while the other tries to walk to town for help. 
The teens are slowly picked off by the escaped murderer while the police search to stop him.
Production.
The film was shot in the Illinois cities of Bartlett, St. Charles, Elburn, Geneva and Sugar Grove.
Reception.
Roger Ebert awarded the film three stars. Brad McHargue of Dread Central criticized the ending of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="56786595" url="?curid=56786595" title="List of The Good Doctor episodes">
List of The Good Doctor episodes

"The Good Doctor" is an American medical drama television series developed for ABC by David Shore, based on the South Korean series of the same name. The series is produced by Sony Pictures Television and ABC Studios, with Shore serving as showrunner. The series stars Freddie Highmore as Shaun Murphy, a young autistic surgical resident with savant syndrome, alongside Nicholas Gonzalez, Antonia Thomas, Chuku Modu, Beau Garrett, Hill Harper, Richard Schiff, and Tamlyn Tomita. Will Yun Lee, Fiona Gubelmann, Christina Chang, Paige Spara, and Jasika Nicole joined the principal cast in later seasons. The series premiered on September 25, 2017.
 In May 2021, ABC renewed the series for a fifth season which premiered on September 27, 2021.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56786615" url="?curid=56786615" title="Degtyarev Plant">
Degtyarev Plant


</doc>
<doc id="56786621" url="?curid=56786621" title="Panchanan Biswas">
Panchanan Biswas

Panchanan Biswas is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the incumbent Member of Parliament from Khulna-1. He is one of the few Hindu Members of parliament in Bangladesh.
Career.
Biswas was elected to parliament in 1996 by elections from Khulna-1 as candidate of Bangladesh Awami League candidate. The seat was won in the 1996 general election by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. In parliament he questioned Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in 1998, if the Chittagong Hill Tracts peace treaty had curbed the rights of Bengali People living there. He was reelected in 2001 from Khulna-1.
In 2008, Biswas lost the Bangladesh Awami League nomination from Khulna-1 to Nani Gopal Mandol. He tried to participate in the Khulna-1 election in 2008 as an independent candidate but withdrew his candidacy on 12 December 2008 before the election. He was elected to Parliament in 2014 on a Bangladesh Awami League nomination from Khulna-1. He is a member of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="56786624" url="?curid=56786624" title="Chi Him Wong">
Chi Him Wong


</doc>
<doc id="56786628" url="?curid=56786628" title="The Free Life (album)">
The Free Life (album)

The Free Life is the third studio album by English hard rock band, Turbowolf. The album was released on 9 March 2018 through Silva Screen Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="56786632" url="?curid=56786632" title="The Free Life (Turbowolf album)">
The Free Life (Turbowolf album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786633" url="?curid=56786633" title="Sherpur-2">
Sherpur-2

Sherpur-2 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2008 by Matia Chowdhury of the Awami League.
Boundaries.
The constituency encompasses Nakla and Nalitabari upazilas.
History.
The constituency was created in 1984 from a Mymensingh constituency when the former Mymensingh District was split into four districts: Mymensingh, Sherpur, Netrokona, and Kishoreganj.

</doc>
<doc id="56786637" url="?curid=56786637" title="Juri Rogosow">
Juri Rogosow


</doc>
<doc id="56786648" url="?curid=56786648" title="Maud Perry Menzies">
Maud Perry Menzies

Maud Perry Menzies O.St.J. (1911 – 21 June 1997) was a Scottish physician who specialised in community medicine. She introduced significant improvements to public health care in Glasgow.
Early life and education.
Maud Perry MacDougall was born in 1911. She studied medicine at the University of Glasgow from where she received her medical degree in 1934 when she was one of a minority of women graduates. As the highest ranked student in surgery that year, she was awarded the Sir William Macewen Medal.
Career.
After qualifying in medicine, Menzies worked as a general practitioner with her husband. In 1938, she returned to Glasgow to take up a post as assistant Medical Officer for Health. At the time, the child death rate in Glasgow was the highest in Europe. She set up a diphtheria immunisation programme in Rutherglen.
Menzies served in the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC) during the Second World War, enlisting in 1942. She was posted to Normandy to work with the 79th British General Hospital soon after the D-Day landings in 1944 and served with the RAMC throughout the European campaign.
After the war, Menzies joined the Glasgow school health service. She was an active member of the Scottish branch of the British Medical Association and took a role on council and later as chairman of the Glasgow division. Menzies established the Faculty of Community Health and was on the faculty in the 1970s. In 1990, she was made an officer of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem by Queen Elizabeth II.
Death and legacy.
Menzies died on 21 June 1997. The medical bag and the syringe that she used to administer immunisations are held by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="56786656" url="?curid=56786656" title="Ponghwa Clinic">
Ponghwa Clinic

The Ponghwa Clinic and Hospital is a hospital located in Sinwŏn-dong, Potonggang-guyok, Pyongyang, North Korea, and is believed to be one of the top hospitals in North Korea, treating members of the political elite. It is administered by the Ministry of Public Health.
History.
Construction on the clinic began in 1968, on orders from Kim Il-sung. The Clinic opened in 1971. The clinic underwent a series of expansions in 2003-2005 and 2009-2010.
Patients.
Access to Ponghwa is restricted to members of North Korea's political elite, and the existence of the hospital is secret within North Korea.
Facilities.
The Clinic has a helipad.
It is reportedly one of the few hospitals in North Korea capable of performing complex surgeries.
The ruling Kim family reportedly have a private wing for their healthcare requirements. 
Weapons of mass destruction.
The Clinic has been linked to the biological warfare program of North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56786670" url="?curid=56786670" title="Cocoa Sugar">
Cocoa Sugar

Cocoa Sugar is the third studio album by Scottish indie group Young Fathers. It was released on Ninja Tune on 9 March 2018. "Cocoa Sugar" won the Scottish Album of the Year Award for 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56786673" url="?curid=56786673" title="Cocoa Sugar (album)">
Cocoa Sugar (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56786683" url="?curid=56786683" title="Zonal conlang">
Zonal conlang


</doc>
<doc id="56786686" url="?curid=56786686" title="Last emperor of china">
Last emperor of china


</doc>
<doc id="56786691" url="?curid=56786691" title="1993 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
1993 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

The 1993 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles was the 42nd edition of the men's doubles championship.
Wang Tao and Lü Lin won the title after defeating Ma Wenge and Zhang Lei in the final by three sets to one. The matches were best of five sets from the quarter final stage.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56786696" url="?curid=56786696" title="Pasteurised eggs">
Pasteurised eggs


</doc>
<doc id="56786698" url="?curid=56786698" title="Higher (Lily Allen song)">
Higher (Lily Allen song)


</doc>
<doc id="56786722" url="?curid=56786722" title="Castello d'Ischia Lighthouse">
Castello d'Ischia Lighthouse

 Castello d'Ischia Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located in the municipality of Ischia, Campania on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse was established in 1913 and consist of a lantern mounted on a steep bastion, toward the seaside, of the Aragonese Castle built in the 15th century. The lantern, high, is positioned at above sea level and emits a long white flash in a 6 seconds period, visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and is operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 2370 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56786725" url="?curid=56786725" title="Kalibai people">
Kalibai people


</doc>
<doc id="56786727" url="?curid=56786727" title="Anders svedlund">
Anders svedlund


</doc>
<doc id="56786734" url="?curid=56786734" title="Jandairis">
Jandairis


</doc>
<doc id="56786760" url="?curid=56786760" title="James Lister (disambiguation)">
James Lister (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56786771" url="?curid=56786771" title="Imperial Cyclopaedia">
Imperial Cyclopaedia


</doc>
<doc id="56786776" url="?curid=56786776" title="N.C. Debbarma">
N.C. Debbarma


</doc>
<doc id="56786778" url="?curid=56786778" title="Political Economy of Research &amp; Innovation">
Political Economy of Research &amp; Innovation


</doc>
<doc id="56786785" url="?curid=56786785" title="Southern Namoneas High School">
Southern Namoneas High School

Southern Namoneas High School (SNHS) is a secondary school in Fefen Island, Chuuk State, Federated States of Micronesia. It is a part of the Chuuk State Department of Education.
Construction began by 1970. The fiscal year 1972 program related to the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands funded the construction of a shop building and four classrooms, with a total of $82,200 spent.

</doc>
<doc id="56786795" url="?curid=56786795" title="Lauwersoog">
Lauwersoog

Lauwersoog is a seaside village in the province of Groningen, located in the northern part of the Netherlands. It is part of the municipality of Het Hogeland. It had a population of 140 in 2017.
History.
The harbour was built in 1969 on the border of the province of Friesland part-way along the dike that separates the Lauwersmeer and the Wadden Sea.
Transport.
The ferry to Schiermonnikoog departs from Lauwersoog.
Qbuzz provides a bus service (route 163 Groningen - Lauwersoog - Holwerd) and Arriva (bus route 50 Leeuwarden - Lauwersoog). They connect with the departures of the ferry to Schiermonnikoog.
Coastal trails.
The E9 European long distance path passes through Lauwersoog. The Friese Kustpad is a long-distance trail from Stavoren to Lauwersoog (131 kilometres (81 mi)).

</doc>
<doc id="56786796" url="?curid=56786796" title="Herschend Entertainment">
Herschend Entertainment


</doc>
<doc id="56786804" url="?curid=56786804" title="Southern Namoneas High Shcool">
Southern Namoneas High Shcool


</doc>
<doc id="56786808" url="?curid=56786808" title="Adelaide Catalani">
Adelaide Catalani


</doc>
<doc id="56786810" url="?curid=56786810" title="Adele Catalani">
Adele Catalani


</doc>
<doc id="56786814" url="?curid=56786814" title="Changpeng Zhao">
Changpeng Zhao

Changpeng Zhao (), commonly known as "CZ", is a Chinese-Canadian business executive. Zhao is the founder and CEO of Binance, the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume as of April 2018. Zhao was previously a member of the team that developed Blockchain.info and also served as chief technology officer of OKCoin.
Early life and education.
Zhao was born in Jiangsu province, China. In the late 1980s, he moved with his family to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. His father was a professor in China before he was branded "pro-bourgeois intellect" and exiled from his country. In his teenage years, Zhao helped support his family by working a number of service industry jobs which included being a McDonald's employee.
Zhao attended McGill University in Montreal, Canada, where he majored in computer science.
Career.
After university, Zhao got an internship in Tokyo working for a subcontractor of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, developing software for matching trade orders. He then worked full-time for 4 years at Bloomberg Tradebook where he was a developer of futures trading software.
In 2005, he moved to Shanghai where he founded Fusion Systems, known for "some of the fastest high-frequency trading systems for brokers."
Beginning in 2013, he worked for various cryptocurrency projects including Blockchain.info and also served as chief technology officer of OKCoin.
In 2017, Zhao left OKCoin to start a cryptocurrency exchange called Binance. He launched the company in July 2017, following a $15 million funding raised during an initial coin offering. In less than eight months, Zhao grew Binance into the world's largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume, as of April 2018. Zhao also launched blockchain network Binance Smart Chain that has made significant contribution to the development of the decentralized finance industry.
In February 2018, Forbes Magazine placed him third on their list of "The Richest People In Cryptocurrency". As of 2021, his net worth is estimated at $1.9 billion.
Views.
In an interview with the New York times, Zhao said people are getting into crypto as they see it grow "trade it and make money off it as opposed to using it", but that the market will always self-correct
On April 6th, 2021, Zhao told Bloomberg Markets that nearly 100% of his liquid net worth was in the form of cryptocurrency.

</doc>
<doc id="56786819" url="?curid=56786819" title="Siaʻatoutai Theological College">
Siaʻatoutai Theological College

Siaatoutai Theological College is a theological seminary in Tonga. It was established in 1948 by the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga, being split away from Tupou College. The College is a member of the South Pacific Association of Theological Schools, and offers a Bachelor of Divinity programme accredited by the same. , more than 190 students attend the college.
History.
The College was established in 1948 at Nafualu, which had been the location of Tupou College since its relocation from the capital city Nuku'alofa in 1921, under the patronage of Queen Sālote Tupou III. The site is of historical and cultural significance to the Tongans as it was once the domain of the famed Tu'i Ha'amea, Lo'au, who devised the royal drinking ceremony, the "Taumafa Kava".
Prior to the establishment of Sia'atoutai, theological training was undertaken at Tupou College, where the principal, the Reverend A. Harold Wood, fulfilled the dual roles of secondary school executive and tertiary educator (with theological classes conducted in the evening, when the school day had ended). The Church at the time was still grappling with the challenges of having to train and equip a spontaneously enlarged body of clergy, following the reunion of the Wesleyan and Free Churches in 1924, and so, with the inauguration of a new theological institute, the Church realised one its long-awaited goals in seeking to improve the theoretical and practical competencies of its ministers and workers.

</doc>
<doc id="56786828" url="?curid=56786828" title="Andrew Kashita">
Andrew Kashita

Andrew Elias Kashita (1932 – 13 January 2020) was a Zambian politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly and held several ministerial posts.
Biography.
An engineer by training, Kashita became Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture and then managing director of INDECO (Industrial Development Corporation of Zambia). He was appointed Minister of Mines and Industry in 1973, and was also given a nominated seat in the National Assembly. He was deemed by the United States to be an excellent technocrat and manager, but not a good politician. As a result of his independence, he was dismissed from both positions in January 1975. He later became executive director of Zincom.
In 1990 Kashita returned to politics as one of the founder members of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy. He was elected to the National Assembly in the Bwana Mkubwa constituency in the 1991 general elections, and was appointed Minister of Transport and Communications. He was later moved to become Minister of Works and Supply in a cabinet reshuffle in January 1994, but was sacked on 17 July 1995. He did not contest the 1996 general elections.
Kashita died on 13 January 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56786830" url="?curid=56786830" title="Helen Tolson">
Helen Tolson

Helen Tolson (1888 – 1955) was an English suffragette from Wilmslow in Cheshire active in the Women's Social and Political Union. She was repeatedly arrested in 1908 and 1909.
Activism.
Helen Tolson was born in Wilmslow in Cheshire in 1888, the daughter of Charles Guthrie Tolson (1858–1929), a merchant, and Anna "née" Dymond (1863–1937). Her younger sister Catherine Tolson and their mother Mrs Anna Tolson were all suffragettes.
In December 1908 Tolson, aged 20, was arrested with Patricia Tomlison and Joseph Salignet outside the Sun Hall in Liverpool, where David Lloyd George was speaking. The magistrate dismissed the case to avoid giving publicity to their "stupid behaviour". In March 1909 Tolson was amongst the Manchester women who joined the delegation of suffragettes who made an attempt to speak to the Prime Minister about the need for women to be allowed the vote. When Tolson was arrested outside the Houses of Parliament, her father wrote to the Home Secretary, Herbert Gladstone, to complain at the police violence. In August Tolson was beaten up by a Liberal crowd who had come to hear Winston Churchill and Herbert Samuel at Rushpool Hall, Saltburn-by-the-Sea.
In September she and her younger sister Catherine were amongst the suffragettes arrested for breaking glass at White City in Manchester, who all accepted imprisonment rather than pay fines. Two days later they were released from Strangeways after going on hunger strike. On 4 December 1909 Tolson, Dora Marsden and Winson Etherley were arrested for breach of the peace for disrupting an appearance by Winston Churchill at the Empire Theatre in Southport. Charges were dismissed at their court appearance later that week. 
In April 1911 Helen, her sister Catherine with their mother Mrs Anna Tolson together with their sister-in-law Mrs M F E Tolson, "all suffragettes who have served time in English jails for the cause" arrived on a sight-seeing visit to New York via the West Indies. Mrs Tolson stated "it was purely a holiday and they would not take part in any suffragette work there".
In 1919 Helen Tolson married John Paxton at Marylebone Register Office. Also in 1919 her uncle Legh Tolson gave Ravensknowle Hall to Huddersfield Corporation to use as a museum in memory of her brothers 2nd Lieutenant Robert Huntriss Tolson, killed on 1 July 1916 at the Battle of the Somme, and 2nd Lieutenant James Martin Tolson who died in the closing stages of World War I on 2 October 1918. Tolson Museum was formally opened on 27 May 1922.
Helen Tolson was awarded a Hunger Strike Medal 'For Valour' by the WSPU.

</doc>
<doc id="56786856" url="?curid=56786856" title="Ministry of Works and Supply">
Ministry of Works and Supply

The Ministry of Works and Supply is a ministry in Zambia. It is headed by the Minister of Works and Supply.
History.
In 2011 the ministry was merged with the Ministry of Transport and Communications to form the Ministry of Transport, Works, Supply and Communication. The merger was reversed in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56786862" url="?curid=56786862" title="Romeo and Juliet (1964 film)">
Romeo and Juliet (1964 film)

Romeo and Juliet () is a 1964 film directed and written by Riccardo Freda.
Production.
Riccardo Freda maintained that it was himself who had the idea to adapt "Romeo and Juliet", having been an admirer of William Shakespeare since his youth and that he convinced Goffredo Lombardo who had gone bankrupt after the production of "Sodom and Gomorrah" to create the production company Imprecine and set up a co-production deal with Spain for this film and "Genoveffa di Brabante". Other sources such as Stefano Della Casa state that Freda was commissioned to shoot a Shakespeare adaptation by the Spanish company Hispamer Films, and accepted only as it would allow him to make a period drama, which he could inject elements of his favourite genre, the adventure film. The film reinvents the Montague and Capulets as land and cattle owners with disputes over land pastures. Minutella had suggested that the elements are borrowed from Sergio Leone's Westerns of the period, which Italian film critic and historian Curti stated was impossible as the films were only released days apart from each other.
Geronimo Meynier was cast as Romeo in the film, which was his final acting role. Originally, Brett Halsey was going to play the lead, with Halsey stating that Freda planned to shoot the film in English in four weeks and feared he would not have adequate time for rehearsal and turned down the role, which led to Freda and him not speaking for years.
"Romeo and Juliet" was shot in Madrid and Ávila. Ruggero Deodato was an assistant director on set, and claimed that "Freda was a genius. I learned a lot from him. He was an intelligent person, cultured, and even a bit nasty on the set. He mistreated the crew, and to film a good chase on horseback, he did not hesitate to cripple the horses , even though he owned a stable... he always came up with ideas which I hadn't thought of, both on set as in the editing room."
Release.
"Romeo and Juliet" was released in Italy on 28 August 1964 where it was distributed by Titanus. The film grossed, 50 million Italian lire domestically which Curti described as "disappointing" and that the film "remained virtually unknown abroad." A few years later director Franco Zeffirelli directed his own adaptation of "Romeo and Juliet", which Freda commented on later stating that "No one harmed Shakespeare more than Zeffirelli".

</doc>
<doc id="56786864" url="?curid=56786864" title="Hate crimes in the United Kingdom">
Hate crimes in the United Kingdom


</doc>
<doc id="56786867" url="?curid=56786867" title="Hate crime in the United Kingdom">
Hate crime in the United Kingdom


</doc>
<doc id="56786870" url="?curid=56786870" title="Extrajudicial executions in Turkey">
Extrajudicial executions in Turkey


</doc>
<doc id="56786871" url="?curid=56786871" title="Douglas Miller Reid">
Douglas Miller Reid

Douglas Miller Reid (1897–1959) was a 20th-century Scottish schoolmaster and noted amateur botanist and botanical author.
Life.
He was born in Motherwell on 25 November 1897 and educated at Motherwell Academy.
In 1918, aged only 21, he became a Member of the Linnean Society of London, later being elected a Fellow (FLS). From 1921 until 1953 he was Biology Master of Harrow School. He was also Curator of the Butler Museum.
In 1942 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Edward Hindle, Alexander Condie Stephen, Edward Wyllie Fenton and John Berry.
He died suddenly on 4 September 1959 at his home, House of Stoer near Lairg in Sutherland in northern Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="56786875" url="?curid=56786875" title="Tonoas">
Tonoas


</doc>
<doc id="56786880" url="?curid=56786880" title="Romeo e Giulietta">
Romeo e Giulietta


</doc>
<doc id="56786895" url="?curid=56786895" title="LBS Engineering College, Kasaragod">
LBS Engineering College, Kasaragod


</doc>
<doc id="56786901" url="?curid=56786901" title="Lal Bahadur Shastri College of Engineering">
Lal Bahadur Shastri College of Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56786925" url="?curid=56786925" title="1990 West Coast Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
1990 West Coast Athletic Conference Men's Basketball Tournament


</doc>
<doc id="56786928" url="?curid=56786928" title="1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles">
1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles

The 1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles was the 43rd edition of the men's doubles championship.
Wang Tao and Lü Lin won the title after defeating Zoran Primorac and Vladimir Samsonov in the final by three sets to one.

</doc>
<doc id="56786953" url="?curid=56786953" title="Meryl McMaster">
Meryl McMaster

Meryl McMaster (born 1988, Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian and Plains Cree photographer whose best-known work explores her Indigenous heritage. McMaster frequently practices self-portraiture and portraiture to explore themes of First Nations peoples and cultural identity, and incorporates elements of performance and installation to preserve her mixed heritage and sites of cultural history in the Canadian landscape. 
Work.
In her work, McMaster explores "tensions surrounding understanding one's personal identity and heritage, especially her own as a woman of Indigenous (Plains Cree) and European (British/Dutch) descent". She adopts a performative approach in which she blurs the boundaries between performance, sculpture, and photography by incorporating elaborate costumes and props in order to create staged images. McMaster considers these elements to be tools of personal transformation that become extensions of her body. McMaster's first major series, "Ancestral" from 2008, "appropriates ethnographic portraits, which she then projects onto her photographic subjects: herself and her father," noted artist and curator Gerald McMaster.
She makes use of such elaborate props in works such as "Winged Callings" (animal costumes) or "Aphoristic Currents" (collar "fashioned out of hundreds of twisted newspapers") in order to examine the tensions between cultural and personal memory as well as how they interact with imagination. Both works are part of her "In-Between Worlds" series (2010-2013). With regards to her artistic practice, McMaster states: "I'm really interested in exploring questions of our sense of self and how we really come to construct that sense of self through land and lineage, history and culture".
Awards.
McMaster studied photography at the Ontario College of Art and Design University, graduating in 2010. The same year, she won the Canon Canada Prize, the Ontario College of Art and Design Medal in Photography as well as the Spoke Club Membership Prize and the Vistek Photography Award. In 2013 she was a recipient of the Eiteljorg Contemporary Art Fellowship and, in 2016, she was longlisted for the Sobey Art Award. In 2017, she was awarded the REVEAL Indigenous Art Award. In 2018, she was one of the three winners of the Scotia Bank New Generation Photography Award Other distinctions she received include the Charles Pachter Prize for Emerging Artists, and the Doris McCarthy Scholarship. In March 2018, she was named one of three inaugural winners of the New Generation Photography Award, which supports the careers of young artists working in lens-based media.
Exhibitions.
McMaster's first solo exhibition, "In-Between Worlds", opened at Project Space, Harbourfront Centre, in 2010 before traveling to the Station Gallery, the Peterborough Art Gallery, the Art Gallery of Hamilton's Design Annex, and the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts until 2017. A survey of her work was organized by the Carleton University Art Gallery (CUAG) and curated by Heather Anderson. The exhibition was on view at CUAG from May 2 - August 28, 2016 and subsequently travelled to other venues including the Doris McCarthy Gallery, the Richmond Art Gallery (RAG), the Thunder Bay Art Gallery, the Art Gallery of Southwestern Manitoba, the Lethbridge University Art Gallery, and The Rooms. Her work was prominently featured in "Every. Now. Then: Reframing Nationhood" at the Art Gallery of Ontario during the summer of 2017.
Collections.
McMaster's work has been acquired by various public collections within Canada and the United States, including the Canadian Museum of History, the Art Gallery of Ontario, the Canada Council Art Bank, the Eiteljorg Museum, the National Museum of the American Indian, the Ottawa Art Gallery, the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art and the Art Gallery of Greater Victoria as well as by Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56786963" url="?curid=56786963" title="Jiji Maa (TV series)">
Jiji Maa (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56786965" url="?curid=56786965" title="Leon Kasman">
Leon Kasman

Leon Kasman, pseudonyms "Adam," "Bolek," "Janowski," "Zygmunt" (born October 28, 1905, in Łódź, died on July 12, 1984, in Warsaw) was a Polish communist journalist and politician of Jewish descent. Head of the propaganda and agitation department of the Central Committee of the Polish Workers' Party. He was a first editor-in-chief of the "Trybuna Ludu" daily, deputy to the Sejm of the Polish People's Republic. As a result of the conflicts within the communist party, Kasman resigned from this function in December 1953. He was among the “Puławianie" faction in PZPR. Leon Kasman died in 1984 and was buried at the Powązki Military Cemetery in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="56786970" url="?curid=56786970" title="Theodore Wirgman">
Theodore Wirgman

 Augustus Theodore Wirgman, DD (- 18 October 1917) was an Anglican priest in the second half of the 19th century and the early part of the 20th, most notably Archdeacon of Port Elizabeth from 1907 until his death.
Wirgman was born in Bradbourne. He was educated at Rossall School; Magdalene College, Cambridge; and the University of the Cape. He was ordained deacon in 1870, and priest in 1871. After curacies in Hartington, Alton and Handsworth he went out to South Africa in 1873.He was for many years the incumbent at St Mary, Port Elizabeth.
He was the author of "The Blessed Virgin and All the Company of Heaven" (Oxford: A. R. Mowbray &amp; Co. Ltd, 1905; London: Cope &amp; Fenwick, 1905; Milwaukee: The Young Churchman, 1913).

</doc>
<doc id="56786971" url="?curid=56786971" title="Amal Azzudin">
Amal Azzudin

Amal Azzudin (born 1990) is an Egyptian-Scottish campaigner and activist who co-founded the Glasgow Girls, a group of seven young women who campaigned against the harsh treatment of asylum-seekers in response to the detention of one of their friends. The group's efforts raised public awareness and won the support of the Scottish Parliament. Azzudin has been featured in "The Guardian", "The Herald", "The Scotsman", "The Press and Journal", "The Sunday Post".
Early life.
Azzudin moved from Egypt to Glasgow, Scotland, with her mother in 2000. Four years later the Home Office granted the family leave to remain.
She is one of the founders of The Glasgow Girls – a group of Drumchapel High School students who, from 2005, campaigned against dawn raids and the deportation of refugee families. The other girls were Roza Salih, Ewelina Siwak, Toni-Lee Henderson, Jennifer McCarron and Emma Clifford. The group was formed after the home of one of their school friends, Agnesa Murselaj, a Roma from Kosovo, was dawn-raided one Sunday morning by 14 bullet-proof vested officers from the UK Border Force. After several weeks the family had not been released. “Even though I had my leave to remain, I couldn’t just sit there. I had to do something. That could have been my family,” Azzudin says.
The Glasgow Girls campaign.
The Glasgow Girls, encouraged by teacher Euan Girvan, formed a strategy to campaign on behalf of the family. Their online petitions to the Home Office went viral, and the then First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell agreed to meet them. The Glasgow Girls not only successfully prevented the deportation of the Murselaj family, but also forced a change in the asylum protocols.
Career and later life.
Since leaving University, Amal Azzudin has worked for the Mental Health Foundation in Scotland as Equality and Human Rights Officer. Her main role is to manage the refugee programme, including the Sawti project. Sawti, which means “my voice” in Arabic, aims to raise awareness of mental health and wellbeing and has developed a mentoring scheme for refugees and asylum seekers in Scotland.
In 2015, Azzudin accompanied campaigners Margaret Woods and Pinar Aksu to Lesvos, where as many as 3000 refugees per day were arriving from Turkey. She wrote a diary of her experiences for The Herald Scotland.
She is an ambassador for the Scottish Refugee Council.

</doc>
<doc id="56786973" url="?curid=56786973" title="Bailey-Tebault House">
Bailey-Tebault House

The Bailey-Tebault House, located at 633 Meriwether St. in Griffin, Georgia, is a Greek Revival-style mansion which was built during 1859–1862. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
It was deemed an "exceptionally fine Greek Revival home in the piedmont region of Georgia. The quality of its detailing and the proportions of its composition, as well as its commanding location, contribute to its distinction." The house consists of a square two-story section with a hipped roof and projecting one-story wings, also with hipped roofs. It has a two-story, three-bay, four-column portico surmounted by a pediment. "Above this portico and around the entire central portion of the house is a strongly projecting cornice and a simple, precisely delineated entablature."
The design of the house may have been inspired by a frontispiece illustration in architect Minard LaFever's "Design of a Country Villa". Its completion was delayed because mill work ordered from Philadelphia could not be delivered due to the Union blockade of the south in the American Civil War.
In 2018 it houses the Griffin/Spalding Historical Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="56786978" url="?curid=56786978" title="Ministry of Mines and Minerals Development">
Ministry of Mines and Minerals Development

The Ministry of Mines and Minerals Development is a ministry in Zambia. It is headed by the Minister of Mines and Minerals Development.

</doc>
<doc id="56786981" url="?curid=56786981" title="Geography of Gijón">
Geography of Gijón


</doc>
<doc id="56786982" url="?curid=56786982" title="Geography of Gloucester">
Geography of Gloucester


</doc>
<doc id="56786983" url="?curid=56786983" title="Natalie Partyka">
Natalie Partyka


</doc>
<doc id="56786986" url="?curid=56786986" title="Geography of Gold Coast, Queensland">
Geography of Gold Coast, Queensland


</doc>
<doc id="56786988" url="?curid=56786988" title="Geography of Gomel">
Geography of Gomel


</doc>
<doc id="56786989" url="?curid=56786989" title="Geography of Graz">
Geography of Graz


</doc>
<doc id="56786990" url="?curid=56786990" title="Geography of Greater Sudbury">
Geography of Greater Sudbury


</doc>
<doc id="56786991" url="?curid=56786991" title="Geography of Greenwich">
Geography of Greenwich


</doc>
<doc id="56786992" url="?curid=56786992" title="Geography of Grise Fiord">
Geography of Grise Fiord


</doc>
<doc id="56786994" url="?curid=56786994" title="Geography of Grytviken">
Geography of Grytviken


</doc>
<doc id="56786995" url="?curid=56786995" title="Geography of Guayaquil">
Geography of Guayaquil


</doc>
<doc id="56786998" url="?curid=56786998" title="Geography of Guwahati">
Geography of Guwahati


</doc>
<doc id="56786999" url="?curid=56786999" title="Geography of Haarlem">
Geography of Haarlem


</doc>
<doc id="56787001" url="?curid=56787001" title="Geography of Hagåtña, Guam">
Geography of Hagåtña, Guam


</doc>
<doc id="56787002" url="?curid=56787002" title="Geography of Haikou">
Geography of Haikou


</doc>
<doc id="56787004" url="?curid=56787004" title="Geography of Hakodate, Hokkaido">
Geography of Hakodate, Hokkaido


</doc>
<doc id="56787005" url="?curid=56787005" title="Geography of Hamilton, Bermuda">
Geography of Hamilton, Bermuda


</doc>
<doc id="56787006" url="?curid=56787006" title="Robert Murray (physician)">
Robert Murray (physician)

Robert Murray (August 6, 1822 – January 1, 1913) was a physician and career officer in the United States Army. He attained the rank of brigadier general, and served as Surgeon General of the United States Army from 1883 to 1886.
Early life.
Robert Murray was born in Elkridge, Maryland on August 6, 1822, the son of United States Navy officer Daniel Murray and Mary (Dorsey) Murray. He was educated in the local schools and by private tutors, and then began a business career in the offices of Baltimore merchant W. G. Harrison. He later decided on a medical career, and attended the University of Maryland, Baltimore before transferring to the University of Pennsylvania's medical school, from which he received his M.D. degree in 1843. Murray completed his internship and residency at Baltimore's Alms House Hospital.
Start of career.
In 1846, Murray joined the United States Army as a contracted assistant surgeon, and was posted to Fort Gratiot, Michigan. He soon passed the examination for appointment in the Army, and received his commission as a first lieutenant. Later in 1846, Murray was ordered to duty in California, and after traveling by ship from New York City to San Francisco, he carried out Mexican–American War assignments at military posts in Los Angeles, Monterey, and Sacramento.
Murray was assigned as surgeon at Boston's Fort Independence in 1850, and he was promoted to captain in 1851. In 1852 he was ordered to New York City after his selection as assistant to Major Thomas Gardiner Mower, the Army's Senior Surgeon and Chief Medical Purveyor. When Mower died in December 1853, Murray assumed his duties and served until the summer of 1854, when he returned to California. He served at several posts during his second tour of duty there, and worked with other doctors in the state to quell the rampant typhoid fever that accompanied the large population explosion following the U.S. acquisition of California following the war with Mexico. In 1860, Murray was promoted to surgeon with the rank of major.
Civil War.
Murray was one of four brothers; two fought on the side of the Confederate States of America, and the third remained loyal to the Union. In the spring of 1861, Murray was ordered to Washington, DC, where he served on the selection board for doctors applying to join the expanding Union Army. Following the First Battle of Bull Run, Murray took part in the organization and staffing of hospitals in and around Alexandria, Virginia.
In September 1861, Murray was ordered to Kentucky, where he joined the newly formed Army of the Cumberland (first called the Army of the Ohio) as Medical Director. He took part in the organization's campaigns in Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama, and served until he was reassigned in 1863.
Murray was posted to the Army's Philadelphia depot and assigned as its Chief Medical Purveyor. He was responsible for expending and accounting for several million dollars as he acquired medical supplies and equipment for the Union Army, and distributed them to units throughout the country. He remained in this position until the end of the war, and received brevet promotions to lieutenant colonel and colonel to recognize his superior performance of duty.
Post-Civil War.
In 1865, Murray returned to California, where he assigned as the Chief Medical Purveyor for the army on the west coast. Based in San Francisco, Murray was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1866, and colonel in 1870.
Murray was assigned as Medical Director for the Division of the Missouri in 1870, and he served until 1880. He was Medical Director for the Department of the Atlantic from 1880 to 1883, and in 1882 seniority elevated him to the additional duty of Assistant Surgeon General of the United States Army.
Surgeon General.
In November 1883, Murray was appointed as Surgeon General of the United States Army with the rank of brigadier general. He served until reaching the mandatory retirement age of 64 in 1886.
During Murray's tenure, the Army began to make advances in the areas of antisepsis and antiseptic surgery, with antiseptic operating rooms becoming common in 1883 and 1884. Based on his experiences with typhoid and other communicable diseases, Murray advocated for improvements to hygiene at military posts, including identifying the contamination of water supplies as a likely cause of disease outbreaks, and recommending the disposal of garbage by incineration.
Retirement and death.
In retirement, Murray was a resident of Elkridge, Maryland. He traveled extensively, including tours of several European countries, and he served as president of the Aztec Club of 1847 from 1911 to 1912. He was an advocate for creation of the Association of Military Surgeons of the United States, and when the organization formed in 1891, Murray was included as an honorary member.
Murray died in Baltimore on January 1, 1913. He was buried at Grace Episcopal Church Cemetery in Elkridge. At the time of his death, Murray was one of only four Mexican-American War veterans on the Army's pension rolls.
Family.
In 1861, Murray married Adelaide Atwood (1834–1892) in Benicia, California. They were the parents of sons Robert Dorsey Murray (1862–1950), John Donaldson Murray (1866–1943), and Francis Edward Murray (1864–1871).

</doc>
<doc id="56787007" url="?curid=56787007" title="Robert Charlebois avec Louise Forestier">
Robert Charlebois avec Louise Forestier


</doc>
<doc id="56787012" url="?curid=56787012" title="National Federation of Women Workers">
National Federation of Women Workers

The National Federation of Women Workers (NFWW) was a trade union in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland active in the first part of the 20th century. Instrumental in winning women workers the right to a minimum wage for the first time, the NFWW broke down barriers for women's membership in trade unions in general.
In contrast to the numerous small craft unions which organised women workers in the late 19th century, the NFWW was established in 1906 as a general trade union open to all women across a range of industries where women's work predominated, where wages were low and where trade unionism had to that time been unsuccessful. The Scottish suffragist Mary Macarthur played a key role throughout the NFWW's existence, leading campaigns against sweated industries, mobilising public support for striking members, lobbying for legislative reform and engaging with the broader labour movement.
In 1921 the NFWW amalgamated into the National Union of General Workers as that organisation's women worker's section.
Beginnings.
The NFWW was established out of frustration that existing trade unions were not open to female members. When first established, the NFWW was met with resistance from others within the trade union movement. The male-dominated unions regularly opposed the idea of "organised women" who would damage the status of trade unionism by the nature of having women who could not vote be part of the political movement.
The earlier established Women's Trade Union League (WTUL) promoted union membership to women, however the WTUL was not itself a trade union and acted instead as an umbrella group for women who were members of other existing unions. The unsuccessful dispute in 1906 of women workers in the Dundee Jute industry highlighted the need for a coordinated union. The Dundee dispute failed due to the inability of the WTUL to raise £100 required for a strike fund to support the strikers.
Those involved in the federation supported opening existing unions, however, at the time the Trades Union Congress did not allow mixed-sex unions affiliation and therefore an all-female union was needed. The NFWW is recognised as having a major influence in influencing the Liberal Party to introduce the Trade Boards Act 1909 which set minimum wages for industries that had a high proportion of female workers.
Growth of the NFWW.
By the end of 1906 the NFWW had seventeen branches and 2,000 members, this grew to an estimated peak of around 40,000 in 1914.
The union's first successful action came in 1908, when it supported striking workers at the Corruganza box factory in Summerstown, London. This strike was organised in response to wage cuts at the factory. After organising the workers, the local NFWW organiser, Sophy Sanger, negotiated a settlement which saw wages brought back to the previous levels for most of the jobs at the factory.
In 1910 the NFWW organised a strike of around 800 women working as chain makers in Cradley Heath after they were denied the minimum 11s (55p) weekly wage as set in the Trade Boards Act. Chainmaking was the first industry to have minimum wages set under the act, however for six months workers were allowed to contract out of the new rates, allowing unscrupulous employers to demand or trick workers into agreeing to low rates of pay. This led to concern from the NFWW that employers were planning on stockpiling large quantities of chain made within the six-month window and later dismiss the workers once the minimum wage level was set. Mary Macarthur was also concerned that the result of this action would lead to the impression that having set minimum wages would lead to unemployment increases. The NFWW worked with employers who were willing from the start to pay the minimum wage by ensuring them that their undercutting competitors would not get an advantage. The only way this could be achieved was to ensure workers for the company's refusing to pay the minimum wage went on strike in August 1910.
A strike fund raised by the union raised around £4,000 (approx. £450,000 in 2018 value) to support the strikers. Part of the success of the chainmakers' strike fundraising was due to the ability of the NFWW and Mary Macarthur to attract wide support amongst newspapers. Collections were made in local communities across the United Kingdom and Ireland from outside churches, football grounds, factories and Labour Party meetings. A Pathé news film of the chainmakers strike was produced around this time and was shown in picture theatres across the country which also helped the union come to the attention of the wider public.
Within a month 60% of the employers had agreed to pay the minimum wage requirement and after 10 weeks the final employer agreed on 22 October 1910. After the strike found success to raise wages, the remainder of the fund built the Cradley Heath Workers' Institute.
The 1913 networkers' strike in Kilbirnie in Ayrshire was agreed at an National Federation of Women Workers meeting in late March. It lasted from April to September 1913 and it was the longest recorded strike of women workers at that time. The strike was led by NFWW activist Kate McLean and it enjoyed broad community support. For example in May 1913 there was a meeting in Kilbirnie where 10,000 supporters were present. The networkers dispute was resolved on 2 September 1913 with improved wages and working conditions created by the NFWW.
World War 1.
During the First World War many women were drafted in to fill posts left vacant by men enlisted to armed forces. Between 1914 and 1918 an additional one million women would take up employment. Many of them however found poor conditions, low pay and long hours resulting in a number of industrial actions and disputes with employers supported by trade unions including the NFWW. During the war period trade union membership amongst women increased by 160%. Action by the NFWW was successful during the war period as both employers and the government were sensitive to action because of labour shortages due to the conflict.
The first notable action of the NFWW during the First World War was at Ainsworth Mill in Cleator Moor in 1915. This mill created khaki thread for the uniforms of soldiers of the First World War. The workers were paid substantially low wages of between seven and nine shillings for a working week of 60 hours. The local Labour Party MP William Anderson, husband of NFWW leader Mary Mcarthur, called for an investigation into the low rates of pay in the House of Commons. A strike of 250 women and 20 boys followed the demands of an investigation which resulted in a 10% War bonus being paid to employees, alongside official recognition for the NFWW, after six weeks of dispute. In the same year the NFWW branch associated with the Hayes munitions factories had a membership of over half the women employed by the firm in 1915. A delegation from the union demanded equal pay for the women employed by the firm to end the inequality of wages between female and male workers. Men were paid seven pence an hour while female workers only received three and a half pence.
Following on from these successes in 1916 the NFWW assisted local worker to stage a sit-in protest at a munitions factory in Newcastle over the failure of a local company to pay out on a tribunal award to increase wages for local women workers. During the sit-in the workers knitted socks for soldiers on the front line of the First World War and refused to operate the factory machinery. This resulted in a furious phone call by the then Minister for Munitions Winston Churchill to Mary Macarthur demanding to know why she allowed the workers to stop. Macarthur told Churchill that the women would not go back to work until the tribunal findings had been paid. After 24 hours, the firm relented and back paid the missing wages. A later strike of 1920, again over low wages was organised at Ainsworth Mill. Later in 1916 over 2,500 young women went on strike in April 1916 at Greenwood and Batley's Leed's factory supported by the NFWW. Their dispute was around the gross differences in pay between the highest and lowest paid members of staff. The firm claimed the action was "unorganised and irresponsible".Industrial action became more common in the UK as the war progressed as real wages shrank as a result of inflation and the output expectations to contribute to the war effort resulted in longer working hours. For the NFWW a dispute was established in 1917 after a total of 21 female workers were dismissed from Darlington railway point manufacturer Thomas Summerson and Sons. These workers two of the workers attended an arbitration tribunal between the company and female workers. The NFWW brought a victimisation case against the firm offered to substitute those dismissed with new women but the NFWW demanded that all 21 workers be reinstated.
Not only did the actions during the First World War cement the NFWW as a trade union with the ability to successfully carry out industrial disputes but it also came at a time where there was wider political discussions on the rights of women including the suffrage movement.
Later action and merger with NUGW.
The NFWW were involved in the 1918 tram and bus strikes that affected transport in the West London area. By the end of the War the London General Omnibus Company employed 3,500 women with many other firms having large proportions of female workers as well. They demanded "equal pay for equal labour" for female workers.
The NFWW took part in the 1919 International Congress of Working Women where Mary Macarthur represented the union as one of two representatives from the United Kingdom, the other being Margaret Bondfield who represented the Trades Union Congress.
In 1920 the NFWW merged with the National Union of General Workers initially as a district of the larger NUGW to represent women workers. It was believed at the time of the mergers that being part of a larger union would be an advantage but that a distinct identity for women within the NGWU could be maintained. As a 'district' it ensured that women had direct representation however by 1930 this unique status had been lost and therefore the direct representation of women in the leadership of the NUGW and as delegates to the Trades Union Congress was lost.
"The Woman Worker" newspaper.
Te NFWW had a high-profile at the time partially due to their publication of their newspaper "The Woman Worker", which collated allegories, anecdotes and related advertisements associate with members of the NFWW. Starting as a monthly publication the paper's popularity led to a weekly publication with a circulation of around 20,000.
In the first edition of the paper Mary Macarthur stated in the editorial the purpose of the paper was to "To teach the need for unity, to help improve working conditions, to present a monthly picture of the many activities of women Trade Unionists, to discuss all questions affecting the interests and welfare of women. Such, in brief, is our aim and purpose."
While much of the content was focused on unionism and women's rights the paper also contained lighter content such as features entitled 'The Art of Beauty' and 'Home Hints'.

</doc>
<doc id="56787013" url="?curid=56787013" title="Robert Charlebois et Louise Forestier">
Robert Charlebois et Louise Forestier


</doc>
<doc id="56787020" url="?curid=56787020" title="2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament">
2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament

The 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament was a List A cricket competition that took place in Sri Lanka. It was the seventeenth edition of the Premier Limited Overs Tournament, and the first since the 2015–16 edition, after the 2016–17 tournament was cancelled following a legal challenge and replaced by the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament. The tournament started on 9 March 2018 and finished on 25 March 2018. Rain affected the first few days of fixtures, with several games ending as a no result.
Following the conclusion of the group stage, Burgher Recreation Club, Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, Colts Cricket Club, Nondescripts Cricket Club, Ragama Cricket Club, Saracens Sports Club, Sinhalese Sports Club and Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club progressed to the quarterfinals. Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, Nondescripts Cricket Club, Saracens Sports Club and Sinhalese Sports Club won their quarterfinals to progress to the semi-finals. In the semi-finals, Nondescripts beat Saracens by 89 runs and Sinhalese beat Chilaw Marians by 8 wickets to advance to the tournament final. In the final, Sinhalese Sports Club beat Nondescripts Cricket Club by 4 wickets to win the tournament.
In February 2019, Sri Lanka Cricket named Lahiru Milantha as the tournament's Best Batsman, Sachithra Senanayke as the Best Bowler and Shehan Jayasuriya as the Player of the Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56787022" url="?curid=56787022" title="2017-18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament">
2017-18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament


</doc>
<doc id="56787023" url="?curid=56787023" title="Geography of Hamilton, New Zealand">
Geography of Hamilton, New Zealand


</doc>
<doc id="56787024" url="?curid=56787024" title="Geography of Hanga Roa">
Geography of Hanga Roa


</doc>
<doc id="56787025" url="?curid=56787025" title="Geography of Harare">
Geography of Harare


</doc>
<doc id="56787026" url="?curid=56787026" title="Geography of Hargeisa">
Geography of Hargeisa


</doc>
<doc id="56787041" url="?curid=56787041" title="Renate Damm">
Renate Damm

Renate Damm (11 January 1947 - 27 June 2012) was a German road bicycle racer.
Damm began her cycling career at "ASG Strausberg" and was transferred to "TSC Berlin" because of her talents. Later she raced for "BSG Lok Oberspree". From the end of the 1960s until the early 1970s she was one of the dominating racers in the GDR both on road and track. She won the GDR road racing championships five times between 1968 and 1972 - the first time in 1968 after a solo ride of 40 km. Between 1970 and 1972 she won the 500 m time trial, after being third in 1968. In the individual pursuit she won twice (1970, 1971) and placed second twice (1968, 1969). She won the sprint title in 1970 and 1971.
Damm died in 2012 in Berlin after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="56787049" url="?curid=56787049" title="Centre for Earth Science Studies">
Centre for Earth Science Studies


</doc>
<doc id="56787052" url="?curid=56787052" title="Hangzhou West Railway Station">
Hangzhou West Railway Station


</doc>
<doc id="56787078" url="?curid=56787078" title="Boom! (song)">
Boom! (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56787080" url="?curid=56787080" title="Boom (Lil Yachty song)">
Boom (Lil Yachty song)


</doc>
<doc id="56787082" url="?curid=56787082" title="Boom! (Lil Yachty song)">
Boom! (Lil Yachty song)


</doc>
<doc id="56787086" url="?curid=56787086" title="Mastigias ocellatus">
Mastigias ocellatus

Mastigias ocellatus, the golden medusa, is a species of jellyfish in the family Mastigiidae. It is native to the southern Pacific Ocean.
Description.
The medusa of "M. ocellatus" grows to a diameter of about . The surface of the bell is sculptured with small, polygonal nematocyst warts. There are 96 marginal lappets and eight 3-winged mouth arms, terminating in a bare, club-shaped extremity, the tip of which is blue. The bell is reddish-brown, with white spots near the edge, each with a brown centre and margin.
Distribution.
"M. ocellatus" occurs in October in the southern Pacific Ocean. It is a pelagic species, and its method of reproduction has not been studied.

</doc>
<doc id="56787101" url="?curid=56787101" title="Eastmain (Cree Nation)">
Eastmain (Cree Nation)

Eastmain ( meaning "Lands east of James Bay") is a Cree First Nation of Canada. Its members primarily live in the "Terres réservées aux Cris" or Cree reserved land (Indian reserve) of Eastmain, Quebec. It is governed by a band council and is a member of the Tribal Council of the Grand Council of the Crees.
Location.
The reserve is located on the southern shore at the mouth of the Eastmain River as it empties into the eastern shore of James Bay. Adjacent to the reserved land is the "village cri" or Cree village of the same name. A Cree village is set aside for the use of the Nation, but members do not permanently residing there. The community is one of nine Cree First Nations that make up Eeyou Istchee, an equivalent territory which is an enclave within the Jamésie territory of Nord-du-Québec (Northern Quebec). The Eastmain Cree reserved land is and Eastmain Cree village is . The community is accessible by road; to the James Bay Road which connects to the cities of the south. The community's airport, Eastmain River Airport, has regular service by Air Creebec to Montreal and other Cree and northern communities.
History.
Ancestors of today's First Nations occupied the region around James Bay for more than 7000 years with artifacts dated to 3000–3500 years ago. Nomad hunters followed game as the last glaciers melted. Eventually, the groups later permanently establishing themselves in what is known as "Eeyou Istchee" (the Cree traditional territory in eastern James Bay).
Henry Hudson, during his exploration of the bay with his name, first made contact with the Crees of James Bay in 1610. After spending the winter of 1668–1669, explorers Pierre-Esprit Radisson and Médard des Groseilliers convinced the English Crown, primarily Prince Rupert of the Rhine that a colonial enterprise in the bay would yield wealth in minerals and fur. This led to the creation of the Hudson Bay Company. As a result, the trading outposts were established in the region and the fur trade boomed.
Eastmain got its name in 1730 by the local Hudson Bay trading post that had become the company's trading headquarters for the east coast of James Bay and Hudson Bay. The town was known as East Main House and was originally located on the north shore of the Eastmain River, but in 1762, Eastmain was relocated to the south shore because it provided easier access to the town from the James Bay. Cree people began to settle in the area and the community of Eastmain was established in the early 18th century, however, the territory was reserved for the use of the Crees only in 1962.
Population.
, Eastmain had a total registered population of 917 members with 806 living on the reserve. During Statistics Canada's 2016 Census, the reserve had 866 residents up from 767 in 2011, a 12.9% increase.
Languages.
The Cree people speaks the Cree language. According to the 2016 Census, 87.3% of the members of the Eastmain First Nation have an indigenous language as first language. 92.5% speak an indigenous language at home and 94.2% know an indigenous language. For official languages, 76.9% know only English, 0% know only French, 17.9% know both, while 5.2% don't speak either official language.

</doc>
<doc id="56787108" url="?curid=56787108" title="Kaja Grobelina">
Kaja Grobelina


</doc>
<doc id="56787110" url="?curid=56787110" title="Torn (video game)">
Torn (video game)

Torn is a virtual reality, sci-fi, adventure game developed by Aspyr Media played from a first-person.
Reception.
Awards.
The game was nominated for "Immersive Reality Technical Achievement" at the D.I.C.E. Awards; for "Direction in Virtual Reality" at the National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviewers Awards; for "Music of the Year", "Best Original Soundtrack Album", and "Best Music for an Indie Game" at the 2019 G.A.N.G. Awards; for "Best Music/Sound Design" at the 2019 Webby Awards; and for "2018 Video Game Score of the Year" at the ASCAP Composers' Choice Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56787122" url="?curid=56787122" title="1995 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles">
1995 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787128" url="?curid=56787128" title="2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville - Doubles">
2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville - Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787129" url="?curid=56787129" title="2018 Irving Tennis Classic - Singles">
2018 Irving Tennis Classic - Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56787138" url="?curid=56787138" title="2018 Irving Tennis Classic - Doubles">
2018 Irving Tennis Classic - Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787139" url="?curid=56787139" title="2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville - Singles">
2018 Challenger Banque Nationale de Drummondville - Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56787142" url="?curid=56787142" title="1993 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles">
1993 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787144" url="?curid=56787144" title="2018 Pingshan Open - Men's Singles">
2018 Pingshan Open - Men's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56787146" url="?curid=56787146" title="1991 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles">
1991 World Table Tennis Championships - Men's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787148" url="?curid=56787148" title="List of members of the Legislative Council of Northern Rhodesia (1941-44)">
List of members of the Legislative Council of Northern Rhodesia (1941-44)


</doc>
<doc id="56787156" url="?curid=56787156" title="2018 Pingshan Open - Men's Doubles">
2018 Pingshan Open - Men's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56787157" url="?curid=56787157" title="Neo-liberalist">
Neo-liberalist


</doc>
<doc id="56787161" url="?curid=56787161" title="Glasower Damm Ost-Bohnsdorf Süd railway">
Glasower Damm Ost-Bohnsdorf Süd railway


</doc>
<doc id="56787162" url="?curid=56787162" title="MIB³">
MIB³


</doc>
<doc id="56787165" url="?curid=56787165" title="Daphne (1806 ship)">
Daphne (1806 ship)


</doc>
<doc id="56787171" url="?curid=56787171" title="Neoliberalist">
Neoliberalist


</doc>
<doc id="56787173" url="?curid=56787173" title="Viola Casares">
Viola Casares

Viola Casares (born 1944) was the founder of a group called Fuerza Unida - an activist group in San Antonio, Texas.
Life and Activism.
In the 1990s, Viola Casares and 1,250 Mexican and Mexican-American women workers at Levi Strauss &amp; Company were laid off overnight. Together, Viola Casares and Petra Marta, also laid off from Levi, started Fuerza Unida and co-directed the grassroots co-operative. The group coordinated protests against Levi Strauss &amp; Company for the lack of corporate responsibility to workers. In the late 1990s, Levi did a second round of lay off and this time offered workers a severance package of roughly $30,000 per worker. Casares representing Fuerza Unida asked the company to negotiate a similar package for the 1990s former employees. She received the Ohtli Award for her work in community activism from the government of Mexico at the National Convention of League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) in San Juan Puerto Rico on July 17, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="56787196" url="?curid=56787196" title="Lycoteuthis springeri">
Lycoteuthis springeri

Lycoteuthis springeri is a small species of rarely captured squid from the family Lycoteuthidae. It has three photophores on the posterior portion of the abdomen and the males have a long tail which bears seven deeply embedded long and thin photophores. The males also have photophores on arms II and III, as well as on the head and the mantle. The tentacular clubs and the structure of the suckers on the club and arm are not distinctive. Two of the known specimens were males which had mantle lengths of 80mm and 97mm. The type locality was in the Gulf of Mexico and the holotype was found in the stomach of a shark which was captured at 367m.

</doc>
<doc id="56787201" url="?curid=56787201" title="Isaura (singer)">
Isaura (singer)

Isaura Santos (born 15 July 1989) is a Portuguese singer and songwriter. She composed the song "O jardim", performed by Cláudia Pascoal, that represented Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 in Lisbon. Automatically qualified to the final, due to Portugal's first victory in the contest the year before, the song ended up in the last position.
Career.
She first came known in 2010 after she participated in the fourth season of the Portuguese edition of the music talent show "Operação Triunfo" where achieved 8th place overall.
Personal life.
In February 2020 Isaura announced she was fighting breast cancer and subsequently canceled all scheduled appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="56787213" url="?curid=56787213" title="Lagerhalle Osnabrück">
Lagerhalle Osnabrück


</doc>
<doc id="56787216" url="?curid=56787216" title="1833 general election (UK)">
1833 general election (UK)


</doc>
<doc id="56787217" url="?curid=56787217" title="Ella Ochoa">
Ella Ochoa

Ella Ochoa founded the Nebraska Association of Farmworkers (NAF) in 1979 and operated it until it closed in 2011. She is also an advocate for the rights of disabled individuals.
Biography.
Ochoa was born in Laredo and raised in Cotulla, Texas. She worked as a migrant worker before founding the Nebraska Association of Farmworkers (NAF) on October 1, 1979. She also was a member of the Farmworker Justice Fund Inc between 1995 and 2003.
In 2000, Ochoa was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and began to advocate for the rights of the disabled. In 2011, she was a volunteer with the Minority Health Advisory Committee for the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.
Nebraska Association of Farmworkers.
The NAF was an organization headquartered in Nebraska with locations in Scottsbluff, North Platte, Grand Island, Lincoln, and Omaha. While operating from 1979-2011, it offered many benefits to immigrant workers and helped to meet educational, developmental, and social needs.
Awards.
Ella Ochoa received The Ohtli Award in 1997, which is one of the highest awards given by the Mexican government to the Mexican community abroad. She also received the Nebraska commission of the status of women “Women of the Year”. In 2005, she received the Cesar Estrada Chavez Award. In 2012, she received the MAFO Lifetime Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="56787218" url="?curid=56787218" title="Hunt for Wolverine">
Hunt for Wolverine

"Hunt for Wolverine" is a 2018 comic book storyline published by Marvel Comics, starring the character Wolverine. The storyline is the follow-up to the "Death of Wolverine", and is continued with "Return of Wolverine."
Premise.
The plot will detail how Wolverine returned from the dead following his death in the "Death of Wolverine" storyline and how the X-Men will cope with this discovery. The lead-up will include the "Where Is Wolverine?" mini-story at the end of different comic issues.
Each of the stories has a theme to it: "Weapon Lost" has a noir theme, "The Adamantium Agenda" has an action-adventure theme, "Claws of a Killer" has a horror theme, and "Mystery in Madripoor" has a dark romance theme.
Following the "Hunt for Wolverine" storyline, Marvel released a new Wolverine series. This will be preceded by the "Return of Wolverine" miniseries.
Plot.
Where is Wolverine?
Wolverine acquires the Space Infinity Gem after killing the Frost Giant Snarr that was targeting it on Loki's behalf. Meanwhile, the time-displaced Jean Grey stands before the empty adamantium shell in Wolverine's tomb that has been broken open.
Keeping his low profile, Wolverine unsuccessfully attempts to rekindle his relationship with his old friends. He's seen walking to a bar where Captain America had been playing pool, only to learn he was no longer there.
Wolverine leaves flowers with a hospitalized Jane Foster after visiting hours but does not reveal his name to the attending nurse.
Wolverine arrives at Big Ben hours after Spider-Man's confrontation with Scorpio.
Following his fight with Thing and Human Torch, a desperate Hydro-Man arrives at a campfire attempts to rob the person sitting at it, who happens to be Wolverine.
Wolverine is seen in Peru where the Avengers have just battled the forces of Grandmaster's Lethal Legion and Challenger's Black Order. He is one of the heroes frozen in stasis walking down a flight of steps in Peru, once the Avengers' Quinjet leaves.
Wolverine is attacked by minions of Ultron in the wilds of Canada. Easily dispatching them using the space stone's teleportation abilities, he is met by Loki. After losing an eye in the confrontation with Wolverine, Loki pleads unsuccessfully for the Infinity Stone.
Wolverine passes by Londell's Restaurant in Harlem, where he detects the familiar scent of Storm who had been there earlier.
Wolverine encounters a mutant-hating mob as a Sentinel is nearby.
Although Wolverine is not seen, Black Widow discovers that he has entrusted her with the Space Infinity Gem which he has hidden inside the toilet of a safe house in Madripoor that they are both familiar with.
While in Japan, Wolverine watches a broadcast of Amadeus Cho's Hulk form battling and defeating Phalkan.
At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Wolverine arrives at an unoccupied desk to find a long spreadsheet printout. After reading the information on the printout, he states that he will be seeing Tony Stark soon.
Main plot.
The Reavers have located Wolverine's shrine and use a molecular rearranger to split open the statue only to discover it empty. The X-Men arrive promptly and handily defeat the aged cyborgs. A flashback shows how Wolverine's friends coped with Logan's death and how to deal with his funeral, as sometime shortly after the X-Men had retrieved Logan's admantium sarcophagus from Mister Sinister, Forge had built a log cabin in Alberta, Canada to serve as a secret shrine to hold Wolverine, where Cyclops, Storm, Colossus, Beast and Mister Fantastic say their farewells. Mister Fantastic regretted not being able to be any further help to Wolverine when his healing factor was shut off. As Storm was upset at the idea of Logan remaining as a statue-like corpse, Colossus suggests to Kitty Pryde that she phase Wolverine's body out of the adamantium so that he can get a proper funeral and burial after Beast confirms that he is dead by all measurable standards known to him. Those attending the quiet ceremony are Jubilee, Colossus, Kitty Pryde, Rogue, Cyclops, Beast, Firestar, Storm, and Doop, having arrived at the secret location via the Blackbird. It is decided that the adamantium shell will be left as a memorial in the shrine. In the present, Kitty drinks a beer at Logan's unmarked grave to recount the tale of their battle with the Reavers when she notices his burial shroud entangled in the nearby trees and phases her arm into the ground to discover that Wolverine's body is no longer interred. After exhuming the grave to confirm her fears, she then rallies the X-Men and his close associates into finding him. Lady Deathstrike vows to hunt down Wolverine after she is notified via Reavers' intel of the empty state of the adamantium statue. Meanwhile, in an unknown location, Wolverine, clad entirely in black, is being commanded by an as-yet-unidentified figure who is shrouded in shadows.
Weapon Lost.
The X-Men have enlisted Daredevil into looking into the disappearance of Wolverine's body. While moving through the rooftops of New York City, Daredevil runs into Nur and enlists his help into finding Wolverine's body. Though Nur was uncomfortable at first due to what happened in the fight between Inhumans and mutants, Daredevil persuaded him to help find Wolverine. In addition, he was told by Daredevil that they are not looking for the "old one," the "lady," the "blonde kid," or the "android." The next person Daredevil recruits is Misty Knight who states that she is no longer working for the NYPD. Misty states that she knows an information broker that can help them. The trail leads them to Cypher who has started translating everything on the Internet. At a diner, Cypher agrees to help them find Wolverine. Upon being handed a smartphone by Nur, Cypher finds that Wolverine has been sighted in a lot of places in the past sixty days.
High above Pennsylvania in an Attilan Security Force Skycharger, Daredevil, Cypher, Misty Knight, and Nur investigate the different sightings of Wolverine. What Cypher found on the Internet is that some people are being saved by Wolverine and some are even making out with Wolverine. Cypher starts using the smartphone to pull up every news related to Wolverine in the past 90 days. As Nur and Misty Knight discuss who is an experience detective, Daredevil noticed that Nur's heart pulse went up when he spoke Misty's name. When asked about the Attilan Security Force Skycharger going anywhere in the world by Daredevil, Nur states that the Inhumans will not be thrilled when they hear that he borrowed it to help the X-Men. He even quoted to Daredevil "but I won't tell if you won't." At Ranger Outpost Nine at Meadowlake Provincial Park in Saskatchewan, park rangers Alice and Chris are fixing their radio to arrange an airlift for the injured in their possession. At the McCarthy Medical Institute in Manhattan, Misty Knight and Nur arrive asking about the person who delivered flowers to Jane Foster. While the receptionist has no knowledge on the person's identity, Daredevil tells Misty Knight that she is not lying and they should head to the next sighting. In Phoenix, Arizona, Nur hears from a biker gang that Wolverine passed through here. In Chicago, Misty Knight sees a security guard who thought he saw Wolverine and later removed that claim from the Internet. Back at Ranger Outpost Nine, one of the people with Tom, Chris, and Alex has died as their outpost is attacked by a man with claws. Cypher informs Daredevil, Misty Knight, and Nur about the weak distress signal that came from Saskatchewan about them being attacked by a man with claws. Arriving in Saskatchewan, Daredevil, Misty Knight, and Nur investigate the area while Cypher remains on the Skycharger. They find a bunch of dead men but no sign of a woman. While they are in the woods and figure out that the culprit will pick off the weak, Cypher steps out of the Skycharger to translate the smartphone of a dead man as he is slashed in the throat by a man with claws who is familiar with the Cypher's abilities. Cypher is then on the ground holding his hands against his throat wound.
Daredevil, Misty Knight, and Nur arrive at the cabin to find Cypher on the ground as Daredevil's senses confirm that Cypher is still alive. Nur pulls out a Medical Suite, an Inhuman tech that work miracles as he plans to use it on Cypher while Daredevil and Misty keep an eye out in case Cypher's attacker returns. As Misty Knight suspects that it's Wolverine who did it, Daredevil has theories that he might be mind-controlled, gone insane, or is possessed by someone while recapping the time when the Hand controlled Wolverine into attacking him. As Daredevil, Misty Knight, and Nur get Cypher to the Skycharger, they find someone who looks like Wolverine on top of the Skycharger. Nur suggests that they get inside so that they can hold him off inside. Daredevil discovers that the Wolverine-like culprit is Albert and recalls his history of having been created by the Reavers. Nur gets Cypher into the Medical Suite. When Daredevil kicks Albert off the roof, Misty Knight's gun destroys his cloak as Albert wounds Misty before escaping into the forest. After being tripped by Daredevil, Albert grabs him by the neck and starts to ask what he did with Elsie-Dee. It took the attacks from the weapons wielded by Misty Knight, Nur, and a recovered Cypher to shut down Albert as they leave a tip on where to find him for the Canadian authorities. While flying back to New York, Cypher is recuperating from his injury and uses a smartphone taken from one of the dead forest rangers to find something that he shows to Misty Knight and Nur. Daredevil is told that Cypher's discovery is going to take them back to Chicago. They revisted the security guard who Misty spoke to and find him dead and a bomb nearby as it goes off.
Misty Knight's cybernetic arm manifested a shield big enough to protect her, Daredevil, and Nur from the explosion. Then they worked to evacuate those who couldn't get out of the burning building. Nur reveals that his eyes also work like a camera flash as he analyzed the apartment before it blew up. His analysis revealed that the security guard worked for a group called Soteira which was listed as an asset management company. Daredevil, Misty Knight, and Nur head to one of their offices in Chicago where Daredevil's radar detects the people inside purging their records. As the group crashes through the window, Nur holds the workers a gunpoint as Cypher works to see if he can stop whatever they were doing on the computer. A Level Four Killteam assigned to the floor arrives as they kill the workers as part of their purge. As Misty Knight keeps Cypher safe, Daredevil and Nur hold off the Level Four Killteam. The four of them escape after Cypher gets the information they need. Back in the Skycharger, Cypher deciphers the remaining information that Soteira didn't delete which involve Wolverine being interviewed by Soteira. When Misty Knight asks what to do next, Daredevil states that he is grateful for their help as this is no longer a missing persons case. As Nur asks what he plans to do with the drive after getting him, Misty Knight, and Cypher back to New York, Daredevil says that he is giving it to Kitty Pryde while informing her on who else is looking for Wolverine and what they are walking into. Nur recaps his wife leaving him following his Terrigenesis and tells Misty Knight that he looks forward to working with her again. While in the presence of Cypher who states that he needs help, Daredevil calls Kitty to let her know of his findings. While advised by Kitty to come in and meet with the other leaders of the search teams, he tells Kitty about the data on Soteira and states his opinion that "Wolverine should've stayed dead."
The Adamantium Agenda.
Following a flashback to their New Avengers years with Wolverine where they stop a bomb in Tribeca, New York, Iron Man is told about what happened to Wolverine's body and starts to assemble Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Spider-Man following the latter's fight with Vulture. After arranging for someone to watch Luke and Jessica's child Danielle, they hear that the genetic material of a hero is going on sale at the black market and go undercover to investigate. This leads them to a submarine that is being held in international waters off the coast of Guam. As nobody shows their actual face at the auction, they must wear masks during the auction. When they arrive at the auction undercover that is usually attended by mercenaries, supervillains, terrorist organizations, rogue military factions, and hate groups, they find that the genetic material in question that an unidentified seller in an Iron Man mask is going to auction off is actually the genetic material of Danielle Cage much to the surprise and anger of Luke and Jessica.
In another flashback to Tribeca, Iron Man finds Wolverine's body in the rubble as he suddenly impales his head. When Spider-Man sees this and shouts Iron Man's name, Tony Stark arrived in his car and revealed that the Iron Man armor is remote-controlled. After Wolverine comes to his senses, he asks Iron Man what he would've done with his body if anything was to happen to him. While Iron Man states that he would've promised to give him a funeral, Wolverine states to Iron Man that he better make sure nobody gets his hands on his corpse for their own experiments. Back in the present, Jessica and Luke are in shock that the auction has the genetic material of their daughter. The unidentified seller informs those that are present that Danielle Cage is the daughter of Luke Cage and Jessica Jones. The masked attendees hoped that the DNA would be from an actual hero. As the seller claims that Danielle will one day inherit her parents' powers, a masked Tony Stark begins the auction at $30,000. As nobody else bids on the DNA of Danielle, it is sold to Tony Stark as a chunk of the Z1 is next up to auction. As Tony Stark is not up for bidding on something else, he meets with the seller in a room for the transaction. The transaction is crashed by Mister Sinister who is seeking to reclaim the genetic material of Wolverine that was stolen from him and the resulting attack causes a hole in the submarine. Spider-Man uses his web and Luke Cage plug up the hole. As Iron Man works to keep Mister Sinister from killing the seller, he is assisted by one of the disguised auction attendees who turns out to be Laura Kinney (X-23/Wolverine) as she slices off Mister Sinister's left hand.
In another flashback to Tribeca, the radiation levels are stabilizing as it was engineered to dissipate. Controlling the Iron Man armor, Tony Stark speaks to Wolverine who mentions that Iron Man and Captain America screwed up the "Civil War" and that they need to stay together for the world. While cutting the external channel on his glasses so that Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Spider-Man can't listen in, Tony is told by Wolverine that he knows what had happened here. Back in the present, Mister Sinister is in pain after his left hand was cut off as he continues the attack. Not wanting another hull breach, Iron Man orders Spider-Man and Jessica Jones to contain Mister Sinister. After breaking free from Spider-Man's webs and causing Iron Man to get Jessica out of range of the attack, Mister Sinister goes to target the seller again until Laura cuts off his right hand. After Mister Sinister escapes, the submarine starts to go down as Iron Man orders Jessica to keep an eye on the seller while Spider-Man and Laura round up everyone to be evacuated. As Iron Man raises the submarine to the surface of the ocean, Spider-Man and Laura evacuate the auction attendees who are loaded onto South Korea's National Intelligence Service Helicarrier. While Luke Cage still couldn't believe that they left him to seal the breach, Jessica states that he was pretty useful at that. While the auction attendees are arrested, Tony Stark has a general prepare a room to question the seller of Danielle's DNA. When being interrogated, the seller states that his name is Declan Fay who states that Mister Sinister is putting together a database of DNA even though he doesn't know whose DNA it is. Laura confirms that he's right. Declan states that a handful of people were selected to help build this database as he directs them to the Kerguelen Islands. Tony Stark later tells Jessica, Luke, Spider-Man, and Laura that the islands in question are also known as the "Desolation Islands" which is one of the most isolated islands on Earth. Tony also states that need to find a way to approach the most without setting off Mister Sinister's defenses. To arrive small enough so that they won't get detected, Iron Man provides Jessica, Luke, Spider-Man, and Laura with their own Iron Man armors with stealth tech. Entering the hangar, Iron Man's group fights some armed guards. When they reach the room that the database is in, they find swabs of DNA while looking to see if Wolverine's DNA is among them. They discover that Mister Sinister has collected the genetic make-up of every person on Earth.
In another flashback to Tribeca, Wolverine tells Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Spider-Man that he told Iron Man to look after his body when he died while listing Jessica, Luke, and Spider-Man as his "insurance." In the present, Iron Man states that Mister Sinister has the genetic make-up of every person on Earth. While Iron Man objects to Laura wanting to destroy the genetic make-up, Spider-Man discovers on the database that there aren't any DNA of mutants. Just then, the group is attacked by more armed guards. When they find a room filled with dead personnel, Jessica states that Mister Sinister would never kill his own people and that someone else is behind this as Jessica is unfamiliar with their symbols. Using the database inside, Iron Man states that the digital mutant database is contained here. When Spider-Man suggests they destroy the databases, Mister Sinister arrives and attacks them. After being stabbed by Laura, Mister Sinister admits to Iron Man that a killteam showed up and stole his work. When Laura asks if he has Wolverine's body, Mister Sinister states that he doesn't have it as he has a piece of him in his database. When Mister Sinister claims to Iron Man that he is a man of science and to ignore his achievements would be scientific terrorism, Iron Man recalls the discussion he had with Wolverine again where another discussion had Wolverine telling Iron Man that the bomb had Stark Industries' logo on it where Iron Man states that he never used that weapon. Wolverine tells Iron Man to see people before potential. Iron Man has no choice but to have Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, Spider-Man, and Laura destroy the database. Later at Luke and Jessica's home, the group meets up with Iron Fist who was babysitting Danielle Cage. Tony Stark informs Laura that he found some information about her on Mister Sinister's database that indicates she contains more of Sarah Kinney's DNA, making her Sarah and Logan's biological daughter. As Laura sits down on a chair and holds Danielle, Tony informs Jessica and Luke that he saw the DNA of an unknown X-Men member who isn't a mutant. He states that the X-Men have a genetically-altered sleeper agent among them.
Claws of a Killer.
One week ago in Maybelle, Arizona, people are watching a sports game at the bar when the power goes out. Two people inspect the source of the power outage at the power station when a worker named Larry doesn't answer his phone. They find that Wolverine has killed Larry. After killing the two men, Wolverine informs Soteira Killteam Nine that the Maybelle Emitter installation is complete and they may begin to secure and document the results. Wolverine presses a button on a strange device causing the green orb to glow brightly throughout the entire building. Meanwhile, in Chester's Bar in Manhattan, Daken is seen with Sabretooth and Lady Deathstrike. Daken learns from Lady Deathstrike about what the Reavers have informed her as Sabretooth states the rumors that Wolverine may be alive. Four days ago in Maybelle, the Soteira Killteam Nine investigates the dead population. Daken, Lady Deathstrike and Sabretooth agree to find Wolverine dead or alive to ensure his death remains certain. When the three of them arrive in Maybelle, Daken finds members of Soteira Killteam Nine there. Just then, Daken is attacked and bitten by the zombies of the civilians and find that he is not healing fast. The zombies begin to swarm over Daken.
Soteira Killteam Nine guns down the zombies swarming over Daken and take him into custody. Sabretooth and Lady Deathstrike continue searching Maybelle for Wolverine when they are attacked by a family of zombies. One of them bites Sabretooth. Lady Deathstrike gets him away from the horde as both of them wonder where the zombies came from. As they get to their car, it suddenly explodes. As Daken regains consciousness, he hears Soitera Killteam Nine reporting that they have the son of Wolverine in their clutches. Daken brings out his claws as he asks who they are and where Wolverine is. Back at the burning car, Sabretooth starts running and finds that his zombie bite is not healing. Sabretooth comes across more zombies as he starts killing them with Lady Deathstrike not far behind him. Both of them take refuge in a garage. Daken continues to fight the Soteira Killteam Nine member as one of them confirms Daken's presence. Daken evades their firepower and jumps out the window.
After landing on the ground, Daken sees a bunch of zombies coming towards him. He runs and gets on top of the building. When on the roof, he falls through and reunites with Sabretooth and Lady Deathstrike who were taking refuge in the building. He informs them about what he knows about Soteira and suspects that the green glowing device is the cause of the zombie outbreak. As Soteira is planning to burn the entire town, Daken tells Lady Deathstrike that they need to head back to the power station that he was held in and destroy the device. While fighting past the zombies and the soldiers of Soteira Killteam Six, Lady Deathstrike discovers that one of the soldiers is her late father Lord Dark Wind who stabs her in the left shoulder. As Daken defends Lady Deathstrike from Lord Dark Wind, Sabretooth identifies the other soldier as his late son Graydon Creed. Daken is then impaled through the heart by Lord Dark Wind. Sabretooth carries Daken away from the attackers. As Sabretooth engages his son, Graydon states that there is 10 minutes left before the clean sweep.
As Sabretooth fights his son Graydon Creed, he tries to get answers out of him on how he is back from the dead. Meanwhile, Lady Deathstrike recovers and knocks her father down as she figures out that it was his adamantium signature she was tracking. Soteira Killteam Nine is contacted to let them know that there is 7 minutes left before the clean sweep. After Lord Dark Wind's left hand is sliced off by Lady Deathstrike, she then stabs her father in the neck as she suspects that the blade on his sword is made of adamantium. Then she stabs Graydon in the neck while warning Sabretooth that they have six minutes left before Maybelle is burned to the ground. After being told that Daken is dead, Lady Deathstrike runs with Sabretooth as they arrive at the building where the glowing device is and destroys it. The next day, a Soteira group finds Daken's body and claims it. At a diner in Arizona, Sabretooth and Lady Deathstrike carjack a person as Sabretooth suggests that Lady Deathstrike gets a new hand from her fellow Reavers. A Soteira group loads Daken's body into their airplane.
Mystery in Madripoor.
Kitty Pryde gathers together Jubilee, Psylocke, Rogue, and Storm as they start to look for Wolverine's body. As they suspect that Magneto excavated Wolverine's body, they fly to Madripoor with the aid of Domino flying the airplane to keep them off the grid. When they arrive, they are confronted by Magneto where Kitty Pryde states that he did not return any of her messages and that they got to talk about Wolverine. Magneto will speak to them at the King's Impresario Restaurant in Hightown at 10:00 PM which he won't wear his helmet to so that Psylocke can verify what he has to say. Unbeknownst to Kitty Pryde's group, they are being overshadowed by Mindblast. At the Princess' Bar where Wolverine once ran it under the alias of Patch, Kitty Pryde learns what Wolverine taught her about a safe place to reside in the meantime and quotes "Yashida" causing the bartender Mr. Halliday to take them to a secret basement room. After flashing back to a discussion she had with Wolverine, Storm holds the cat head peace offering that she once gave Wolverine. Reading a nearby letter from Carol Danvers to Wolverine, Rogue recalls how Ms. Marvel was angry at her for once stealing her powers and how Professor X gave Rogue a home at the X-Mansion. Looking at a samurai armor, Psylocke recalls her duel with Wolverine. After getting into some dresses that would enable them to blend in to Madripoor's night life, Kitty Pryde's group head to the King's Impresario Restaurant where they meet up with Magneto. Unfortunately, the person they were talking to was not Magneto and was actually Mindblast in disguise who subdues Storm as Viper appears where she hasn't been seen since Hydra's short-lived reign over the United States and is now in the company of the Femme Fatales. Viper unleashes Knockout on Rogue, Bloodlust on Domino, and Snake Whip on Jubilee while Sapphire Styx crashes Psylocke's fight with Mindblast to drain her energy. Kitty Pryde works to evacuate her group. When Snake Whip states that Kitty Pryde won't get far, Viper admits that he wanted to take care of them in one strike. A defeated Rogue and Storm are taken captive while Sapphire Styx continues to drain Psylocke's energy.
After phasing herself, Jubilee, and Domino into the sewers of Lowtown, Kitty tends to Domino's injury as Jubilee asks what they are going to do when they deal with Viper and the Femme Fatales. In another part of Madripoor, Viper congratulates the Femme Fatales for their work as they now have Psylocke, Rogue, and Storm as their prisoners. Mindblast suggests that they put a bounty on the ones that escaped stating that every gang member in Lowtown will be looking for them. Viper states that she will discuss with her client on where to proceed next and to deposit Rogue and Storm to the client as "special guests." When Mindblast states that Viper is paranoid, Knockout tells her to let her as she will do her job and they will do their job. It is also shown that the Femme Fatales have Magneto as their prisoner after Mindblast messed him up with Sapphire Styx's help. Mindblast also mentioned that Viper's benefactor also enhanced Mindblast's abilities with some technology that are greater than she imagined. As Viper gives the status report to a representative of her client, she mentions that Sapphire Styx is still draining off of Psylocke just like she did with Magneto. The representative tells Viper that Sapphire Styx tends to prefer the life force of the mutants and tells Viper to focus on delivering the package as all that they are serves the will of Soteira. As Snake Whip asks if they are going to ignore Sapphire Styx' vampiric appetite, Viper says that they have to obey the representative's orders and "let the @#$%&amp; feed." Meanwhile, Sapphire Styx still has Psylocke in her possession as she states that Psylocke's soul is magnificent as it could keep her revitalized for years only to sense that she is dead. Back in the hidden storeroom in the Princess Bar, Kitty Pryde shoots down Jubilee's suggestion to send an S.O.S. to the X-Mansion since Madripoor monitors every transmission enough to pinpoint them. When Domino suggests asking Tyger Tiger for help due to her being a rival of Viper, Kitty Pryde states that she is a loose cannon, a former lover of Wolverine, and can't be trusted after trying to kill him. She then comes up with a plan for them to hide in plain sight like Wolverine did. Arriving at the Hightown casino called Wheelers and Dealers, Kitty Pryde, Domino, and Jubilee see Bloodlust with a man causing Jubilee to make a scene by attacking Bloodlust. Kitty Pryde abducts the man as Domino beats up Bloodlust. 17 minutes later, the man introduces himself as a high roller and mathematician named Stenya Ubacowits who was hired to help in the flight trajectory of a satellite which he agrees to take them to. Meanwhile, Rogue and Storm regain consciousness as Storm's claustrophobia brings a storm to Madripoor. Sapphire Styx comments that she hasn't felt rain that primal for decades. As Sapphire gloats to Psylocke that she died to soon, she is surprised to see what appears to be Wolverine in his Patch alias sitting near Psylocke as he plans to dish out the proper punishment on her.
Following Domino's flashback to her time with Wolverine, she, Kitty Pryde, and Jubilee reach a secure location with Stenya Ubacowits as their captive. As Domino makes sure that Viper's satellite stays grounded, Kitty Pryde and Jubilee head off to find where Psylocke, Rogue, and Storm are held. Meanwhile, Viper is contacted by a representative of Soteira who was displeased that the launch was delayed by a torrential rainstorm and suggest that they launch before sunrise. While reluctantly taking the representative's suggestion, Viper and Snake Whip check up on Sapphire Styx who knocks down Snake Whip and claims that Wolverine's Patch alias is present even though Sapphire is the only one who can see him. Viper calls Knockout and Mindblast away from the prisoners to help deal with Sapphire. Before they can meet up with Viper, Knockout and Mindblast are ambushed by Kitty and Jubilee. When Domino and Stenya arrive at the launch site of the satellite where Rogue and Storm are being loaded into, Bloodlust catches up to them and stabs Stenya before fighting Domino. Meanwhile, Kitty phases through the equipment on Mindblast's back that enhanced her psychic powers. This enables Magneto to recover and begin his payback. As Snake Whip recovers, she starts to see Patch too as Viper gives orders to begin the launch now. When Magneto starts to attack Mindblast, Kitty tells Magneto that they have to stop the rocket. As Magneto works to stop the rocket and Domino defeats Mindblast, Kitty Pryde, Domino, and Jubilee catch up to Sapphire as Kitty figures out that Psylocke is playing a mind trick on her. Psylocke's voice is heard quoting "NO MORE SOULS" as Sapphire's body begins to shatter.
In Sapphire Styx's body, Psylocke's soul starts to see her life before she merged with Revanche as she realizes that she is in Sapphire's body. While fighting passed the souls of Sapphire's victims, Psylocke finds a soul sliver of Wolverine which leads to her overpowering Sapphire from within. After Sapphire shatters, Psylocke appears before her teammates. As Magneto is still recovering from what Mindblast put him through, he is unable to keep the rocket containing Rogue and Storm from launching. While Kitty Pryde phases into the rocket, Psylocke joins the battle against the Femme Fatales where she knocks out Bloodlust while Jubilee fights Knockout. Snake Whip goes on the attack while Viper maintains the higher ground. While Kitty frees Rogue and Storm, Psylocke uses an illusion to trick Snake Whip into crashing into the ground. Once on the ground, Rogue takes some of Knockout's strength to add to hers enough to render Knockout unconscious while Domino gets Snake Whip to surrender. After some persuasion from Kitty and Domino, Magneto spares Mindblast's life and leaves her as a gift for helping him to escape. While Magneto denied any knowledge of taking Wolverine's body, he works to destroy the launch site and purge Madripoor of Viper's criminal empire. Back in the Princess Bar's secret room, Domino understands why Wolverine had interests in Madripoor and states that he is still dead. Storm comments that death is an intermission than a conclusion. When Rogue states that they weren't able to find Wolverine's body, Kitty states that she got a confession from Snake Whip after the Femme Fatales were locked up that Soteira had hired them and Viper to find Wolverine. Snake Whip told her the name of that group in exchange for a lighter sentence. Kitty states that Carol Danvers and her team in the Alpha Flight space program have been tracking the rocket since they lost it while Jubilee went to check up on Psylocke. Outside, Psylocke mentioned to Jubilee that she used the soul power left behind by Sapphire to create a new body while mentioning how Dr. Synne, S.T.R.I.K.E., Mojo, and the Hand have used her mind and body for their own purposes. As some people are shown cleaning out Viper's penthouse, a somehow-revived Revanche silently comes up on one of the workers and speaks in Japanese where she would like to ask him a few questions.
Dead Ends.
In Spain, 16-year old Antonio Fernandez from Barcelona is stated by the narrator to be special. In New York City, Tony Stark makes his way through the city and arrives with Daredevil at the X-Mansion in Central Park. They are let in by Kitty Pryde as Tony and Daredevil learned what happened to Psylocke. When in the conference hall, Kitty, Tony, and Daredevil review how there had been a lot of stuff being shot into outer space. Tony states how Mister Sinister had a lot of DNA samples like the DNA samples of Demolition Man and Doctor Doom which are now destroyed while also mentioning that someone stole a copy of his work. While Daredevil talks about a corporation that used Wolverine for evil purposes, Kitty talks about how she had been contacted by Sabretooth on how he and Lady Deathstrike encountered zombies and what happened to Daken. Kitty states that they are all connected to Soteira. Daredevil states that Soteira was the company that had records on Wolverine, Tony mentions that their logo was on the group that stole a copy of Mister Sinister's work, and Kitty mentions about having Viper oversee their operations in Madripoor. Thanks to Daredevil's senses, Tony and Kitty find out that kinetic weapons strong enough to act like a nuclear weapon are falling to Earth. Kitty Pryde gives out the orders that involves Nightcrawler evacuating the school, the flying X-Men head up and see what they can do, and for the students to head to the assigned crisis rally point. Tony Stark becomes Iron Man with the help of F.R.I.D.A.Y. and heads into the sky with Firestar and Storm. With Daredevil's help, Kitty knows that two students haven't been evacuated as Daredevil goes to get them. Iron Man identifies the four projectiles approaching the X-Mansion as solid tungstens. While Firestar, Storm, and Iron Man use their attacks to stop the three projectiles, the fourth gets by them as Iron Man works to intercept before it reaches the X-Mansion as Kitty advises Nightcrawler to get away. As F.R.I.D.A.Y. tells Iron Man that they can't catch up to the fourth one in time, Kitty Pryde works to phase the ground so that it would hit the magma layer of the Earth instead. Just then, a bespectacled bald-headed man appears. While Daredevil can't hear a heartbeat, he turns down Nightcrawler's theory of him being an android. The mysterious man states that he needed a distraction so that he can set up 10 corpses on their property. When he states that he'll let her explain, a hologram of a costumed person appears identifying herself as Persephone thanks the assembled heroes for saving the world many times and states that she has Wolverine who is doing good work while also being behind Soteira. Persephone then talks about the bodies starting with Antonio Fernandez. Persephone states that the copy of Mister Sinister's work contains the future's mutants. Before disappearing, Persephone advises them to stop looking or the ten bodies before them are just the beginning. The mysterious person then collapses as Daredevil claims that he was dead the moment the transmission ended. As Storm states that Cerebro can only detect manifested mutants, Iron Man asks Kitty Pryde what her next course of action is. Meanwhile, in Persephone's lair, she muses on the effectiveness of her performance towards heroes of such renown as the X-Men and Iron Man, hoping that Tony Stark in particular would understand her intentions. As she removes her gloves, she casually comments on her distaste in the use of killing children to make an impression. Tethered by energy ropes and suspended by his arms and legs before her, Wolverine reacts angrily to the callous statement and extracts his claws, which are shown to be glowing red hot. Persephone states that he need not worry, as this will all be over soon.
Titles.
Where is Wolverine?
The titles of this lead-up are listed in order of appearance:

</doc>
<doc id="56787219" url="?curid=56787219" title="1833 UK general election">
1833 UK general election


</doc>
<doc id="56787226" url="?curid=56787226" title="Daily Post (Vanuatu)">
Daily Post (Vanuatu)


</doc>
<doc id="56787227" url="?curid=56787227" title="1832 UK election">
1832 UK election


</doc>
<doc id="56787229" url="?curid=56787229" title="British general election, 1833">
British general election, 1833


</doc>
<doc id="56787232" url="?curid=56787232" title="UK general election, 1833">
UK general election, 1833


</doc>
<doc id="56787241" url="?curid=56787241" title="Taurates">
Taurates

Taurates (or taurides) are a group of mild anionic surfactants. They are composed of a hydrophilic head group, consisting of "N"-methyltaurine (2-methylaminoethanesulfonic acid) and a lipophilic residue, consisting of a long-chain carboxylic acid (fatty acid), both linked via an amide bond. The fatty acids used could be lauric (C12), myristic (C14), palmitic (C16) or stearic acid (C18), but mainly mixtures of oleic acid (C18:1) and coconut fatty acid (C8 – C18) are used. Besides sodium, no other counterions play a relevant role (these could be e. g. ammonium or other alkali or alkaline earth metals).
History.
The surfactant group of the taurates was developed by I.G. Farben in Germany (just like the isethionates) and produced under the trade name Igepon at the Hoechst plant. Taurates rapidly spread due to their lime resistance and their oil-removing effect in textile treatment, as detergent raw material and in cosmetics applications. They had a breakthrough in particular because they do not felt wool during washing (as opposed to soap). The production of taurates decreased after the outbreak of the World War II, since only poor quality fatty acids were available due to the fat management.
Production.
Taurates were first obtained by the Schotten-Baumann method which is the reaction of long-chain carboxylic acid chlorides with aqueous solutions of the sodium salt of "N"-methyltaurine.
The formation of (at least) equimolar amounts of sodium chloride is problematic, as they worsen the properties of surfactant mixtures with such taurates. The high salt content also makes the resulting taurates hygroscopic and corrosive. Another disadvantage of the Schotten-Baumann method is the hazardousness of the raw materials (such as phosphorus trichloride) and the intermediates (the acyl chlorides) and the accumulation of large amounts of waste materials, such as phosphonic acids. This synthesis pathway for taurates is therefore complicated and expensive. An advantage of the Schotten-Baumann method, however, is the very low content of free fatty acids in the end product. Taurates are also accessible by direct amidation of "N"-methyltaurine or its sodium salt with the corresponding fatty acid for 10 hours at 220 °C under nitrogen.
The excess fatty acid (added for a favorable equilibrium) usually remain in the product, which can interfere with some applications. The decomposition of "N"-methyltaurine already begins At temperatures above 200 °C and the resulting taurates darken and develop an unpleasant smell. Therefore, more recent variants of the direct amidation aim at gentler process conditions using suitable catalysts, such as sodium borohydride, boric acid or zinc oxide.
Properties.
At room temperature, taurates are usually pasty masses, which dissolve well in water and react then neutral to slightly alkaline (pH 7 - 8). Their toxicity is low (the LD50, rat, oral is 7800 mg·kg−1 for cocoyl tauride). They are easily biodegradable, they are not prone to bioaccumulation, but they are harmful to aquatic organisms (like all surfactants). Due to their amide bond, taurates are stable in a much wider pH range (about 2 – 10) than the corresponding esters, as for example isethionates. They are very mild surfactants with good foaming ability and high foam stability, even in the presence of fats and oils. Taurates retain their good washing properties even in hard water or seawater. Taurates are suitable in concentrations of about 2% as co-surfactants because of their good compatibility with all nonionic and anionic surfactants.
Use.
Taurates are used as mild, well-foaming surfactants in body cleansing and personal care products (shampoos, liquid soaps and cleansers, face lotions, skin creams, bubble baths, syndet soaps), textile processing (wetting agents and detergents, dye dispersants), in crop protection formulations and in other industrial applications.
Literature.
Wilfried Umbach (Hrsg.), "Kosmetik und Hygiene von Kopf bis Fuß", Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH &amp; Co. KGaA, 3. vollst. überarb. u. erw. Auflage (27. Juli 2012), .

</doc>
<doc id="56787253" url="?curid=56787253" title="Hugh Edwardes">
Hugh Edwardes

 Hugh Latimer Gilmore Edwardes was an Anglican priest in the last decade of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century, most notably Archdeacon of Port Elizabeth from 1933 to 1944 until his death.
Edwardes was educated at Hatfield College, Durham. He was ordained deacon in 1894, and priest in 1904. After curacies in Preston, Nether Hoyland and Jersey he went out to South Africa in 1873. He served at Grahamstown, Port Alfred, Cradock and Port Elizabeth.
He died on 12 July 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="56787259" url="?curid=56787259" title="Mody University">
Mody University


</doc>
<doc id="56787261" url="?curid=56787261" title="Claudia Pina">
Claudia Pina


</doc>
<doc id="56787263" url="?curid=56787263" title="Hassan Khan (cricketer)">
Hassan Khan (cricketer)


</doc>
<doc id="56787266" url="?curid=56787266" title="1833 election">
1833 election


</doc>
<doc id="56787269" url="?curid=56787269" title="Diane Lim">
Diane Lim

Diane Lim is an economist and writer known for translating economic research into policy recommendations and for explaining economic issues for lay audiences. She has previously served as Senior Advisor at the Penn Wharton Budget Model, Principal at District Economics Group, principal economist for the Conference Board, Chief Economist for the Pew Charitable Trusts, Chief Economist for the Concord Coalition, Chief Economist for the House Budget Committee, Research Director of the Budgeting for National Priorities project of the Brookings Institution, Chief Economist for the House Ways and Means Committee Democrats, and Principal Economist for the Democratic members of the Joint Economic Committee. In 2009, "The Wall Street Journal" named her website, EconomistMom.com, one of the top economics blogs.
She also teaches tax and budget policy and behavioral economics courses at George Washington University and at Georgetown University. She is a past president of the National Tax Association, and has been a commentator on the Marketplace radio program.
Research.
Her current research focuses on the influence of public policies on household and business behavior and how individual-level characteristics and decisions drive macroeconomic trends. Her past publications focused on tax incidence, fiscal policy and the U.S. Federal budget.

</doc>
<doc id="56787270" url="?curid=56787270" title="1892 United States presidential election in Michigan">
1892 United States presidential election in Michigan

The 1892 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. Voters chose 14 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Uniquely, this remains the only presidential election where Michigan used the congressional district method of distributing electoral votes rather than the traditional winner-take-all system. The switch was made by the newly elected 1890 Democratic legislature, which had gained control of the state for the first time since before the Civil War. The change was an attempt at boosting Democratic candidate Grover Cleveland's chances of winning a second, nonconsecutive term, who had run in the previous election and won the popular vote, but lost in the electoral college. Controversial among Republicans, the party fought all the way to the Supreme Court in efforts to prevent it, though were unsuccessful. The split ultimately had no effect in Cleveland's victory, and the system was quickly repealed when Republicans regained control after the election. This is the only instance of Michigan splitting its electoral votes among multiple candidates. A law later passed in 1954 that prohibits faithless electors prevents a similar occurrence, barring a return to the district method.
Michigan was won by the Republican nominees, incumbent President Benjamin Harrison of Indiana and his running mate Whitelaw Reid of New York. The pair received nine of the state's electoral votes while the Democratic ticket earned five. 
Cleveland became the first Democratic presidential candidate since Franklin Pierce in 1852 to get electoral votes from Michigan though it wouldn't would send a full slate of Democratic electors to the Electoral College until Franklin Delano Roosevelt won the state in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="56787271" url="?curid=56787271" title="Sophie Alour">
Sophie Alour

Sophie Alour (born 24 December 1974) is a French jazz musician who plays saxophone, clarinet, and flute.
Biography.
Alour started playing the clarinet at the music school in Quimper, when she was 13 years of age. When she was 19, she started to play saxophone, for the most part self-taught, supplemented with courses at CIM in Paris, and IACP.
In 2000 she was part of establishing the "Vintage Orchestra", with Fabien Maria, Thomas Savy, Jerry Edwards and Yoann Loustalot (the album "Thad" in 2005). In 2001, she founded a sextet with Stéphane Belmondo and played in the band "Manita" with Jean-Daniel Botta, in a big band, with Christophe Dal Sasso who released the album "Ouverture" (with Stéphane and Lionel Belmondo, who appeared at Nocturne) and played at the Marciac Festival in 2004 with Quartet, to Rhoda Scott (who recorded "Lady Quartet" a live recording in "Sunset" (2009), and at Jazz à Vienne (2010). The same year she played at the Jazz à Vienne, participated in a project with Aldo Romano and played in a big band with Wynton Marsalis.
In 2005 she released her first solo album "Insulaire" at Nocturne, mainly with her own compositions, and with guitarist Hugo Lippi, Emmanuel Bex, Stéphane Belmondo on the team. In Elektro-Big with Benjamin Roy came "DJ Killer" and "Be Where You Are" (2006), with pianist Alexandre Saada. In 2007, the album "Uncaged" followed, with pianist Laurent Coq, guitarist Sébastien Martel, Yoni Zelnik on upright bass and Karl Jannuska on drums. In 2010, she released her trio album, "Opus 3,", in 2012 the quintet album "La géographie des rêves" (with Stéphan Caracci vibraphone, Yoann Loustalot trumpet and flugel horn, Alour on bass clarinet, clarinet and tenor saxophone, Nicolas Moreaux and Frédéric Pasqua drums). In 2011 she played on the album "Prétextes" by Christophe Dal Sasso. In 2014, the Shaker album came with organist Frederic Nardin and drummer Frédéric Pasqua.

</doc>
<doc id="56787272" url="?curid=56787272" title="Philco 2000">
Philco 2000


</doc>
<doc id="56787274" url="?curid=56787274" title="Human dissection">
Human dissection


</doc>
<doc id="56787276" url="?curid=56787276" title="János Bartha">
János Bartha


</doc>
<doc id="56787278" url="?curid=56787278" title="Philco 1000">
Philco 1000


</doc>
<doc id="56787284" url="?curid=56787284" title="Jinping Commandery">
Jinping Commandery

Jinping Commandery () was the territory of Baekje in Liaoxi of China. It appeared in history books of Southern dynasties of China such as "Book of Song", "Book of Liang" and "Book of Qi". However its existence is disputed by many historians.
Controversy.
The "Book of Qi" locates Baekje in the south part of Korea. For the Northern Wei to attack Baekje, they need to pass through the sea or cross the territory of Goguryeo. Since Northern Wei and Goguryeo were opposed, it was difficult to pass their territory. Cavalry cannot pass through the sea so if Northern Wei attacked Baekje, Baekje must have had territory in China. Also in "Book of Song" and "Book of Liang", some descriptions can be interpreted that Baekje's territory was in Liaoxi. However, no related historical documents were found in Northern dynasty and no description of Baekje's territory in China appears in Korean history book "Samguk sagi" and "Samgungnyusa".
According to , the Japanese and Chinese academic community takes skeptical or negative positions on the existence of Jinping Commandery. It is impossible for the Commandery to survive the time of attacking Baekje by remnants of the defeated army of Northern Yan and attack by Northern Wei. He rejects such articles about Jinping Commandery as “totally misinformed articles” and he “never” bring those articles up.
Inoue pointed out “In Liu Song dynasty, Baekje was highly appreciated as a counter to Goguryeo. In order to control Goguryeo’s alliance with Wei and Yan, it is necessary to exaggerate Baekje’s invasion to Liaoxi”.
In the Korean academic community, the theory that Baekje invaded Liaoxi is still seen as factual. , who was a director of Ministry of Education in Korea, submitted “A bow of modification of the national history textbook” to the Congress which include the following points: 1) Dangun is a real person in the history. 2) Dangun's had the territory which reach to Beijing, China. 3) Wanggeom-seong was in Liaoning, China. 4) Four Commanderies of Han were in Beijing, China. 5) In 3rd to 7th century, Baekje ruled over east coast of China from Beijing to Shanghai. 6) Silla's first territory was east part of Manchuria and national border of Silla was in Beijing. 7) Baekje established Japanese culture. By 1990, Korean History textbook in high school described that Baekje attacked Liaoxi, but after 1990, it is described and illustrated as follows “Baekje strengthen their navy, invaded Liaoxi district in China, and what’s more they actively reached to Shangxi district and Japan.”
Young () researcher of of the Korean government, found many problems in the description of Baekje's advancement to Liaoxi and Shandong province and Kyusyu in Japan and he criticized them as not germane. “Although it seems that it is based on the Empress Jingu of "Nihon Shoki" and the description on "Seven-Branched Sword", these interpretations have many problems.” Also, he criticizes the above interpretation as “When you use historical documents, you must remove arbitrary interpretation. If we follow "Nihon Shoki", which has many problems, the history must be Japan’s advancement to Baekje, not Baekje’s advancement to Japan.” He pointed out problems for Baekje's advancement to Liaoxi and Jinping Commandery's existence. No description of Baekje's advancement to Lisoxi appears in "Book of Wei" in Northern dynasty. The event happened in the time of Former Qin, "Book of Song" and "Book of Liang" in the Southern dynasty. It would be difficult for Baekje to go through Goguryeo's territory, because at that time they had been fighting constantly. Young said, “If we believe everything in Chinese history books, we have to believe the description in records of the war with Wa that Baekje and Silla served to Wa as a great country.”
 said this theory was unbelievable. The theory of Baekje's territory in China rely on the history book in Southern dynasties such as Liu Song dynasty, Southern Qi and Liang dynasty. In the book of Southern dynasties, the description about Northern Wei in Northern dynasties are oral tradition level. In "Book of Song", there are some descriptions of Baekje, but in "Book of Qi", the description of Baekje is squeezed in the chapter of Nanman together with Goguryeo, Gaya and Wa. She criticized that such amount of information is too little to trust. Also, she pointed out that people in that age had little sense of belonging to the country and were freer to move from country to country. In Korea and surrounding areas, people from multiple countries mixed and lived together. At that time, China and Korea shared the same economic zone, that some people moved from Baekje and made a community in Liaoxi.
Shunpei Mizuno tends to think that Baekje possessed territory in China, but that “things are not as easy as imagination”. Based on Chinese history books, the occupation of Liaoxi by Baekje happened from the late 3rd century to the early 5th century, but at that time, Former Yan, Former Qin, Later Yan, Southern Yan, Northern Wei tried to get the land of Liaoxi and even in the most confusing time of the Sixteen Kingdoms and Northern and Southern dynasties, Baekje could not make Liaoxi their territory. Articles related to Jinpyung Commandery were found only in history records of Southern dynasty, which had close relationship with Baekje but nothing in the history books of Southern dynasty.
No records of advancement of Baekje are found in Korean history book "Samguk sagi" and "Samgungnyusa". The records of impingement with Northern Wei are written in Book of Qi. Because of those reasons, Mizuno says “This theory is skeptical in the academic community” and “It cannot be said this theory is widely accepted in the historical academy.” He pointed out that the Southern dynasty put importance on Baekje because their international policy was not to accept their weakening by Northern Wei, which was the strongest competitor. So, they put Baekje into their closed international circle and wrote a history book as Baekje insisted.

</doc>
<doc id="56787285" url="?curid=56787285" title="Philco TRANSAC">
Philco TRANSAC


</doc>
<doc id="56787286" url="?curid=56787286" title="Mycroft AI">
Mycroft AI


</doc>
<doc id="56787291" url="?curid=56787291" title="Eatonton Historic District">
Eatonton Historic District

The Eatonton Historic District in Eatonton, Georgia is a historic district which is centered around the Putnam County Courthouse and the city hall, and includes most of the town. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975; the listing included 60 contributing buildings.
Eatonton was incorporated as a town in 1809 and became a city in 1879.
The district includes:

</doc>
<doc id="56787295" url="?curid=56787295" title="Gino Burrini">
Gino Burrini

Gino Burrini (born 12 May 1934) is an Italian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787306" url="?curid=56787306" title="Kurt Hennrich">
Kurt Hennrich

Kurt Hennrich (28 August 1931 – 28 July 2020) was a Czech alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics. Hennrich was an ethnic German.

</doc>
<doc id="56787318" url="?curid=56787318" title="Bruno Burrini">
Bruno Burrini

Bruno Burrini (22 November 1931 – 3 April 2017) was an Italian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787319" url="?curid=56787319" title="Òc">
Òc


</doc>
<doc id="56787332" url="?curid=56787332" title="Bruno Berrini">
Bruno Berrini


</doc>
<doc id="56787337" url="?curid=56787337" title="Surrey Council">
Surrey Council


</doc>
<doc id="56787340" url="?curid=56787340" title="Frances Collins">
Frances Collins

Frances Collins (née Dunn; 14 July 1840 - Camberley, Surrey, 17 March 1886) was a British writer and the wife of Mortimer Collins.
Biography.
Frances Dunn was born in 1840, and she married the writer Mortimer Collins in 1868. Mortimer Collins was ill and struggling financially when they married, and Frances helped him to manage his finances and co-wrote his last few books with him. Following her husband's death in 1876, Frances Collins published several novels under her own name as well as a memoir of her husband. She also wrote several short pieces for periodicals including Punch (magazine).

</doc>
<doc id="56787344" url="?curid=56787344" title="Blue Bottle Coffee Company">
Blue Bottle Coffee Company


</doc>
<doc id="56787349" url="?curid=56787349" title="Hans Forrer">
Hans Forrer

Hans Forrer (8 April 1929 – 31 August 2017) was a Swiss alpine skier. He competed in the men's downhill at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787361" url="?curid=56787361" title="NGC 4595">
NGC 4595

NGC 4595 is a spiral galaxy located about 42 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices. NGC 4595 was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on January 14, 1787. NGC 4595 is a member of the Virgo Cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="56787362" url="?curid=56787362" title="Aleksandr Filatov">
Aleksandr Filatov

Aleksandr Filatov (8 March 1928 – 31 March 1999) was a Soviet alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787365" url="?curid=56787365" title="Church Island (Valentia Harbour)">
Church Island (Valentia Harbour)

Church Island is a medieval Christian monastery and National Monument located in Valentia Harbour, Ireland. 
Location.
Church Island is located on a 1-acre (0.4 ha) island in Valentia Harbour, immediately west of Beginish, north of Knightstown.
History.
The island was anciently a centre for iron smelting.
The monastery was established in the 7th century AD.
Excavations by M. J. O'Kelly in 1955–56 turned up the remnants of a wooden oratory and a cross inscribed with Ogham. It also gave evidence of the diet of the monks: cod, ballan wrasse, oats, barley, gannet, shag, cormorant, goose, duck, beef, mutton, pork, goat meat, horsemeat and seal.
Description.
Contains the remains of a stone oratory, clochán (possibly a "hospitium"), and holy well.

</doc>
<doc id="56787367" url="?curid=56787367" title="Wayne Memorial Hospital (North Carolina)">
Wayne Memorial Hospital (North Carolina)


</doc>
<doc id="56787369" url="?curid=56787369" title="Concentrated nitric acid">
Concentrated nitric acid


</doc>
<doc id="56787375" url="?curid=56787375" title="Lara Elena Donnelly">
Lara Elena Donnelly

Lara Elena Donnelly, (born 1990) is an American author of speculative fiction. She is a graduate of the 2012 Clarion Workshop. Her short fiction and poetry have appeared in Strange Horizons, Mythic Delirium, Escape Pod, Nightmare Magazine, and Uncanny Magazine.
Her debut novel, "Amberlough", was published by Tor Books in February 2017, and was nominated for the 2017 Nebula Award for Best Novel, the 2017 Lambda Literary Award and included on the 2017 Locus Recommended Reading List. The sequel, "Armistice", was published by Tor in May 2018. The third title in the Amberlough Dossier, "Amnesty", followed in April 2019. In 2020 Donnelly sold her next novel, "Base Notes" to Thomas &amp; Mercer. The novel will be published in January 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="56787379" url="?curid=56787379" title="Evžen Čermák">
Evžen Čermák

Evžen Čermák (25 October 1932 – 19 April 2018) was a Czech alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787380" url="?curid=56787380" title="Richmond Council">
Richmond Council


</doc>
<doc id="56787383" url="?curid=56787383" title="US Catholic Bishops Conference">
US Catholic Bishops Conference


</doc>
<doc id="56787384" url="?curid=56787384" title="Evzen Cermak">
Evzen Cermak


</doc>
<doc id="56787386" url="?curid=56787386" title="Ezven Cermak">
Ezven Cermak


</doc>
<doc id="56787389" url="?curid=56787389" title="Adam G. Hinds">
Adam G. Hinds

Adam G. Hinds is an American politician. He currently serves as a State Senator in the Massachusetts Senate representing the district of Berkshire, Hampshire, Franklin and Hampden. Hinds previously worked for the United Nations in the Middle East.
Career.
United States Congressman John Olver.
After college, Hinds was Field Director for US Congressman John Olver’s 1998 re-election campaign in the 1st Congressional District of Massachusetts. Hinds spent time volunteering in India before returning as Campaign Director for Congressman Olver during 2000.
John Kerry for President.
After graduating school, Hinds joined John Kerry’s presidential campaign. During the democratic primary Hinds led a field office in New Hampshire. During the general election Hinds was part of the National Security and Foreign Policy team, working directly for Susan Rice.
United Nations.
United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI).
Hinds joined the United Nations in 2005. He was a Political Officer based in Baghdad working for the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI). In 2007 he spent two years as part of the Iraq Team in the Department of Political Affairs at UN Headquarters in New York. Hinds returned to Iraq in 2009 as a Team Leader in UN-led negotiations between the Kurdistan region and the Government of Iraq.
United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process (UNSCO).
From 2011-2013, Hinds was based in Jerusalem working with the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process (UNSCO) as a Regional Affairs Officer. In April 2012, Hinds joined former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on assignment in Geneva. During that period Kofi Annan was Special Envoy for Syria and brokered the first cease-fire in the violence in Syria that emerged as part of the Arab Spring.
Syria Team &amp; OPCW-UN Joint Mission in Syria.
Hinds returned to New York in 2013 to join the Syria Team in the Department of Political Affairs where he worked on post-conflict preparedness and to remove Syria's chemical weapons program as part of the OPCW-UN Joint Mission in Syria.
Community Work.
Hinds returned to western Massachusetts in 2014 and started a program in Pittsfield, Massachusetts to work with high-risk youth at risk of being involved in violence and gang participation. He then became the Executive Director of the Northern Berkshire Community Coalition, an organization that works on community development, including addressing youth development, addiction, and rural health access.
Massachusetts State Senate.
Hinds was elected to the Massachusetts State Senate in November 2016 and was re-elected in 2018. Hinds is the Chair of the Joint Committee on Revenue and serves on the following committees within the Senate Chamber: the Senate Committee on Ways and Means, Education, Healthcare Financing, Rules, and Tourism, Arts &amp; Cultural Development. Hinds is the Vice Chair of the Senate Committee on Redistricting.
Personal life.
On December 19, 2018 it was announced that Hinds was engaged to be married to Dr. Alicia Mireles Christoff. On August 24, 2019 Hinds and Christoff were married in Sheffield, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="56787394" url="?curid=56787394" title="Anatoli Antonow">
Anatoli Antonow


</doc>
<doc id="56787397" url="?curid=56787397" title="Tikunata">
Tikunata


</doc>
<doc id="56787398" url="?curid=56787398" title="Albemarle Hospital">
Albemarle Hospital


</doc>
<doc id="56787402" url="?curid=56787402" title="Ilsetraut Hadot">
Ilsetraut Hadot

Ilsetraut Hadot (born 20 December 1928) in Berlin, is a philosopher and historian of philosophy who specialised in Stoicism, Neoplatonism and more generally in Ancient Philosophy.
Biography.
In 1978, Hadot won the Victor Cousin prize of the Académie française for her work "The problem of Alexandrian Neoplatonism." "Hierocles and Simplicius." In 2015, she received the François-Millepierres prize by the Académie for her work "Seneca. Spiritual Direction and Practice of Philosophy".
In 1966, she graduated the Dr. Phil. at the Free University of Berlin about "Seneca and Spiritual Direction in Antiquity". She defended her State thesis in 1977, a Doctor of Arts at Paris-Sorbonne University (Paris IV).
She met Pierre Hadot during a symposium in Cologne in 1962 and they married in Berlin in 1966. He is also a specialist of Ancient Philosophy. Together, they wrote "Learn to Philosophize in Antiquity", in 2004.
Research works.
Ilsetraut Hadot is a classical philologist and a specialist about Ancient Philosophy. She has written about Seneca, the history of education in Antiquity and Neoplatonism. She has edited, commentated and translated the commentary of Simplicius, a Neoplatonist philosopher, about the "Enchiridion of Epictetus."

</doc>
<doc id="56787420" url="?curid=56787420" title="Bbcan6">
Bbcan6


</doc>
<doc id="56787425" url="?curid=56787425" title="Peter Prudden">
Peter Prudden

Peter Prudden (1601–1656) was an English Puritan who assisted in the foundation of Milford, Connecticut. After education at the Merchant Taylors' School, he was a student at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He arrived in Boston, Massachusetts on June 26, 1637 with John Davenport and Theophilus Eaton. After Davenport and Eaton formed New Haven Colony, Prudden and a small group of settlers purchased a tract of land called Wepawaug from local Native Americans. Prudden was ordained as the first pastor of the Congregationalist church at Milford on April 8, 1640. He is buried in Milford, Connecticut.
He was invited with several of his followers to settle in Dedham, Massachusetts, but declined the invitation. They had offers to settle in other places as well, including in Plymouth Colony, and were seeking to build a community that was both spiritually and commercially successful.

</doc>
<doc id="56787437" url="?curid=56787437" title="Viktor Talyanov">
Viktor Talyanov

Viktor Talyanov (19 October 1934 – 2 January 2014) was a Soviet alpine skier. He competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787446" url="?curid=56787446" title="To Siri With Love">
To Siri With Love


</doc>
<doc id="56787447" url="?curid=56787447" title="Viktor Taliyanov">
Viktor Taliyanov


</doc>
<doc id="56787448" url="?curid=56787448" title="Victor Talianov">
Victor Talianov


</doc>
<doc id="56787458" url="?curid=56787458" title="Toros y toreros">
Toros y toreros

Toros Y Toreros is a 1961 book of bullfighting drawings by Pablo Picasso with text by bullfighter Luis Miguel Dominguin (translated from Spanish by Georges Franck) and an essay by Georges Boudaille. The title of the book is handwritten by Picasso.
Picasso created the cover page and illustrations using a series of three sketchbooks. The technique utilized an quasi systematic use of brush ink wash. The book is reproduced on Arches paper. The drawings were printed in Mourlots Studio, the famous lithographic print house that worked with Picasso, among other artists such as Matisse and Chagal in Paris, France. The text was printed and book bound in The Netherlands for distribution within Europe.
Background.
The book begins with an anecdote recounted by Luis Miguel Dominguin: 
Picasso and Dominguin met in 1950, introduced to each other by Jean Cocteau.
Description.
The book consists of 32 pages of text followed by Picasso's illustrations which reproduce three sketchbooks from 1959. The plates are black &amp; white, sepia and color, and many are single-sided. Part of the sketchbooks have never been found (the drawings of March 2 and 3, notably representing Jacqueline on horseback). Among the most astonishing images, there is a Christ on the cross saving a picador from death.
These drawings by Picasso covered a period from 1950 to 1960, during which time he enjoyed seeing Dominguin bullfight in the arenas of Nîmes, Arles, Frejus and Vallauris.
The leading copies of this publication contain a series of reproductions of color drawings selected from the first two notebooks, as well as a lithograph of February 7, 1961.
The works deal with all stages of bullfighting and Georges Boudaille highlights Picasso's persevering loyalty to portraying the theme of bullfighting since 1890 

</doc>
<doc id="56787459" url="?curid=56787459" title="Space Cadet (graphic novel)">
Space Cadet (graphic novel)


</doc>
<doc id="56787462" url="?curid=56787462" title="Carl Block">
Carl Block

Carl Elis Daniel Block (12 February 1874 - 6 October 1948) was Bishop of Gothenburg from 1929 till 1948. He was the half-brother of the mathematician Henrik Block and father of the doctor Erik Block and educator Bertil Block. He was a cousin of John Cullberg.
Biography.
Block was born in Öxnevalla in Älvsborg County, Sweden to Anders Herder Block, a contractor in Örby, and Charlotta Elisabet Cullberg. Block graduated from the Gothenburg Higher Latin Language School on June 3, 1891, after which he studied in Lund in the fall of 1891, becoming a candidate of philosophy on January 31, 1895. He did his theoretical exam and practical theological exam on 14 December 1897 and a dissertation trial on September 8, 1910, where he introduced The judgment chapter in his dissertation titled "Kristologien i Hegelsk bearbetning (The Hologram of Hegelian Processing)". He became a doctor of theology on May 31, 1935, and was elected on January 11, 1898. Carl Block became a church councilor in Borås on January 3, 1906. he was also appointed as pastor in Mölndal on July 10, 1915, served as extraordinary chief predictor between 1919 and 1938. He was elected bishop of Gothenburg on February 25, 1929.
He became a bishop in Gothenburg on February 25, 1929. He remain bishop until his death in Gothenburg on 6 October 1948. Block married Elisabet Bolin (1878-1976) on 4 September 1906. They had 5 children: Kerstin (1907-1908), Märta (born 1908), Erik (born 1910), Bertil (born 1912) and Anna-Lisa (born 1915).

</doc>
<doc id="56787464" url="?curid=56787464" title="Space Cadet (comics)">
Space Cadet (comics)


</doc>
<doc id="56787485" url="?curid=56787485" title="Purdue Fredrick">
Purdue Fredrick


</doc>
<doc id="56787486" url="?curid=56787486" title="Space Cadet (comic)">
Space Cadet (comic)

Space Cadet is a 1965 full color strip published in "Ranger", written by Mike Butterworth and illustrated by Geoff Campion. Space Cadet tells the adventures of Jason January of the Royal Space Force Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="56787487" url="?curid=56787487" title="Franc Cvenkelj">
Franc Cvenkelj

Franc Cvenkelj (1 May 1925 – 27 May 1997) was a Slovenian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics, representing Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="56787489" url="?curid=56787489" title="Where's the Drop?">
Where's the Drop?

Where's the Drop? (stylized as where's the drop?) is an orchestral compilation album by Canadian electronic music producer Deadmau5. The album comprises re-imagined orchestral arrangements of his previous work, in collaboration with Gregory Reveret. It was released through Mau5trap, initially exclusively on the music streaming service Tidal on March 30, 2018. The album was released on other digital download services and on vinyl on June 29, 2018. A remix album, containing remixes of the tracks by various other artists, entitled Here's the Drop!, was released on October 4, 2019.
Background.
In March 2018, deadmau5's record label Mau5trap announced the release of the album, describing it as "a live orchestral project [deadmau5] has been working on with composer Gregory Reveret". It was also noted that the album was based on "7", Deadmau5's 2013 EP based on the seven deadly sins, along with orchestral covers of Joel Zimmerman's previous work, as well as unreleased works. Zimmerman had previously met Reveret on a Twitch livestream, in a "mau5trap Monday" session, from which they got in contact.
The album's release was also supported by a live performance by the CMG Music Recording Orchestra at The Wiltern, Los Angeles on April 1, 2018. This live performance was streamed live on the Tidal app and website. A second live event for "Where's the Drop?" was later added, for the day earlier, March 31, 2018.
Release.
On March 7, 2018, Zimmerman announced the release of the album, claiming its release on his label, Mau5trap, exclusively on the music streaming service Tidal. This caused initial controversy among fans, who disputed the album's exclusive release. In response, Zimmerman stated that "Tidal has an exclusive right to stream the music for a period of exclusivity", commenting that "hundreds of humans who need to all get paid worked on this". In an interview with "Variety", Zimmerman stated that "this album wouldn't even be if it weren't for [Tidal]. This is what enabled me to do it". It was also stated that the album will release on other digital download platforms at a later date, after the exclusivity period expires.
On March 30, 2018, the album was released on Tidal. An upcoming release on vinyl was also announced that day. The album was released on other digital download services and vinyl three months later, on June 29, 2018.
Critical reception.
Christina Hernandez from Dancing Astronaut felt that the album "does just fine without the explosion of bass-backed kicks and loud synthesizers" as referred to in the album's title, instead it "casts [Deadmau5]'s music in a profound, contemplative light through is delicate layers of string, horn, percussion, and piano".
Track listing.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="56787494" url="?curid=56787494" title="Jimmy Merchant">
Jimmy Merchant

Jimmy Merchant (born February 10, 1940) is an American singer and musician. He was a member of the doo-wop group The Teenagers. He retired The Teenagers in 2005.
Early life and career.
Merchant was born on February 10, 1940 in New York City, U.S. In 1950, while attending Edward W. Stitt Junior High School, he met Sherman Garnes and formed The Earth Angels. then they formed The Coupe De Villes and Herman Santiago and Joe Negroni joined the group, Frankie Lymon watched the show before joining the group, They were evolved to The Ermines and The Premiers before renaming themselves The Teenagers, The song "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" was released in 1955. In 1956, Lymon left the group while Billy Lobrano join the band in 1957, after they have success with Lobrano, he left in 1958. Sherman Garnes died in 1977, and Joe Negroni died in 1978, Lewis Lymon (formerly of Lewis Lymon &amp; The Teenchords) join the group while Pearl McKinnon (formerly of The Kodaks) join the group and Bobby Jay also join the group and Eric Ward also joins the group. Jimmy Castor join as the lead singer before he left and was replaced by Timothy Wilson (formerly of Tiny Tim &amp; the Hits), Thomas Lockhart join the group as well, He retired in 2005, but teamed up again with Herman Santiago in 2008. They were known as Frankie Lymon's Teenagers or The Legendary Teenagers.
In 1997, Jimmy joined The Royal All Stars (Doo Wop All Stars). He took the place of BJ Jones, from the Dubs and along with Vito Balsamo from Vito and the Salutations, Artie Loria from The Earls, Randy Silverman from The Impalas and Eugene Pitt from the Jive Five, they became a mainstay in the "doo wop" circuit and toured relentlessly in the following years. Jimmy arranged a lot of the vocal harmonies for the group. The group performed and toured all over the country bringing the show to countless numbers of doo wop / oldies fans. Jimmy remained in the Doo Wop All Stars for 2 years, until he returned to The Teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="56787495" url="?curid=56787495" title="The Smurfs' Enchanted Voyage">
The Smurfs' Enchanted Voyage


</doc>
<doc id="56787500" url="?curid=56787500" title="Makeout (band)">
Makeout (band)

MAKEOUT (formerly Trophy Wives) is an American pop punk band formed in Providence, Rhode Island. The group consists of drummer Scott Eckel, lead guitarist Tyler Young, vocalist Kyle Dee, and bassist AJ Khah.
The group's debut album, "The Good Life", was released via Rise Records in 2017.
History.
Formation as Trophy Wives and debut EPs (2012–2017).
The group independently released its debut EP "Letting Go" self-produced and recorded by Chris Piquette in 2012. In 2013, the band independently released a second EP, also produced and recorded by Piquette, "One Way Trip to Mars". In 2014, the group won a battle of the bands competition and performed a date on the Warped Tour; in 2015, the group played 9 dates.
Signing, name change, and "The Good Life" (2017–2019).
In 2017, the band signed to Rise Records and changed its name to MAKEOUT. The group's debut album, "The Good Life", was released via Rise in 2017.
MAKEOUT gained more recognition while opening for Blink 182 alongside The Naked and Famous.
Lineup changes and second album (2019–present).
On January 24, 2019, lead singer Sam Boxold announced his departure from the group after their 20/20 tour. In September 2017, MAKEOUT announced that they would be moving forward with the band, with Scott Eckel and Tyler Young remaining, AJ Khah joining as bassist, and Kyle Dee joining as vocalist. The band will play in Providence, Chicago, and Boston in December 2019 with a new album planned for release in the first quarter of 2020. The band also announced they would no longer be playing "Secrets" live, a song that courted controversy for explicit misogyny and threats of violence against women that were further condemned by Real Friends frontman Dan Lambton. Young stated the reasoning behind no longer playing the song was to establish that MAKEOUT was "...a new band and we want people to focus on that. On July 10th 2020 the band released their first single with the new lineup. The single is called Home. "

</doc>
<doc id="56787511" url="?curid=56787511" title="Georgi Varoshkin">
Georgi Varoshkin

Georgi Varoshkin (, 20 December 1932 – 20 September 2017) was a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics and the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was an associate professor at the National Sports Academy "Vasil Levski".

</doc>
<doc id="56787514" url="?curid=56787514" title="The Maltese Bestiary">
The Maltese Bestiary

The Maltese Bestiary: An illustrated guide to the mythical flora and fauna of the Maltese Islands is a 2014 compendium of legendary beasts from Maltese folklore. It showcases "supernatural entities, frightening creatures, magical plants, ancient gods and a host of other legendary beings" all from the islands of Malta and Gozo. Stephan D. Mifsud is both the author and the illustrator of the book.
Background.
Mifsud is a biologist with a long-time interest in fantasy creatures. In 2011, he began work on "The Maltese Bestiary" because he felt that Malta was lacking of a concise folklore encyclopedia. He chose to publish the book in English instead of Maltese to reach a wider audience as he believed that non-Maltese people and non-Maltese speakers would still have an interest in Maltese folklore. He also hoped to reach a wider audience to help Maltese folklore become more widely known. Much of his research was done by speaking to older relatives and by reading older books. Mifsud has cited Fr. Emanuel Magri as being a major source of his research.
Awards.
The book won Il-Kunsill-Nazzjonali Tal-Ktieb (Maltese National Book Council)'s prize for Best Book Production in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56787515" url="?curid=56787515" title="Gueorgui Varochkin">
Gueorgui Varochkin


</doc>
<doc id="56787518" url="?curid=56787518" title="Gerard Smets">
Gerard Smets

Gerard Smets ("c."1857 - after 1895) was a Belgian paleontologist, scientist, and abbé known for the misidentification of the plant genus "Aachenosaurus", named after the locale of Aachen.
Biography.
He was born around 1857, possibly in Gotem, Belgium, and he died after 1895.
History of the "Aachenosaurus".
"Aachenosaurus" was found by Smets in 1887; he named the species "Aachenosaurus multidens" on October 31, 1888. Based on these fragments he determined that the specimen was a hadrosaur reaching an estimated 4-5 meters in length which might have had dermal spines. He defended this conclusion, citing that the fossils had been examined visually with the naked eye, magnifying lenses and with the microscope. However, his error was soon demonstrated by Louis Dollo. Smets at first tried to defend his original identification but was again proven wrong by a neutral commission. A rumor abounded that he completely withdrew from science out of pure embarrassment, but not until he had published a paper on turtles in 1889; this rumor was later proven false. The last paper he published was in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="56787519" url="?curid=56787519" title="Gueorgui Varockhin">
Gueorgui Varockhin


</doc>
<doc id="56787528" url="?curid=56787528" title="Petar Ivanov Angelov">
Petar Ivanov Angelov

Petar Ivanov Angelov (, born 29 March 1932) is a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787535" url="?curid=56787535" title="Petar Anguelov">
Petar Anguelov


</doc>
<doc id="56787536" url="?curid=56787536" title="Ontario Fury II">
Ontario Fury II

The Ontario Fury II are the name of an American professional indoor soccer team based in Upland, California and an outdoor team based in Apple Valley, California. Like their parent club, the Ontario Fury, they were both run by general manager Bernie Lilavois.
History.
Major Arena Soccer League 2 (2017-2019, 2021-present).
Founded in 2017, the team made its debut in the Major Arena Soccer League 2, a developmental league for the Major Arena Soccer League at the start of the 2017–18 season. The team played its home games at the Upland Arena, are the reserve team for the Ontario Fury of the MASL and were charter members of the M2. The indoor version was folded by the parent club in 2019.
The Return.
On July 15, 2021, M2 announced the return of Fury II starting in the 2021-2022 season.
United Premier Soccer League (2018-2019).
In 2018, an outdoor soccer team was formed to play in the United Premier Soccer League. They will play their home matches at Silverlakes Sports Complex in Apple Valley. Like the indoor team, the parent club folded the UPSL club.

</doc>
<doc id="56787542" url="?curid=56787542" title="Mary Louisa Bruce, Countess of Elgin">
Mary Louisa Bruce, Countess of Elgin

Mary Louisa Bruce, Countess of Elgin and Kincardine (; 8 May 1819 – 9 March 1898) was a British writer. She was vicereine of India in 1862-1863.
She was the daughter of John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham and his second wife Louisa Elizabeth Lambton (née Grey), daughter of Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey. 
She travelled to Canada twice: the first time when her father went to Canada to investigate the Lower Canada Rebellion in 29 May – 1 November 1838. She later returned to Canada with her husband, James Bruce, 8th Earl of Elgin, from 1847 to 1853.
An accomplished artist, she studied under John Richard Coke-Smyth, alongside her sister, Lady Emily Augusta, and travel companion, Katherine Ellice. She wrote and illustrated journals and diaries of her international travels.

</doc>
<doc id="56787550" url="?curid=56787550" title="Susumu Sugiyama">
Susumu Sugiyama

Susumu Sugiyama (born 10 April 1932) is a Japanese alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787555" url="?curid=56787555" title="Pacte per Eivissa">
Pacte per Eivissa

Pacte per Eivissa (, PxE) was a political platform formed in Ibiza in 2011. It contested the 2011 Balearic election in coalition with the Socialist Party of the Balearic Islands (PSIB) as an electoral alliance formed by Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC) and People for Ibiza (GxE). GxE obtained one representative for the constituency of Ibiza.

</doc>
<doc id="56787562" url="?curid=56787562" title="2018 Atlantic Hockey Tournament">
2018 Atlantic Hockey Tournament

The 2018 Atlantic Hockey Tournament is the 14th Atlantic Hockey Tournament. It was played between March 2 and March 17, 2018 at home campus locations and at the Blue Cross Arena in Rochester, New York. It was the last tournament at Blue Cross Arena before the tournament moved to HarborCenter in Buffalo, New York. By winning the tournament, Air Force earned Atlantic Hockey's automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The tournament features four rounds of play. In the first round the sixth and eleventh, seventh and tenth, and eighth and ninth seeds, as determined by the conference regular-season standings, will play a best-of-three series with the winners advancing to the quarterfinals. The top five teams from the conference regular-season standings receive a bye to the quarterfinals. There, the first seed and lowest-ranked first-round winner, the second seed and second-highest-ranked first-round winner, the third seed and highest-ranked first-round winner, and the fourth seed and the fifth seed will play a best-of-three series, with the winners advancing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, the highest and lowest seeds and second-highest and second-lowest remaining seeds will play a single game each, with the winners advancing to the championship game. The tournament champion will receive an automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"

</doc>
<doc id="56787569" url="?curid=56787569" title="Ludvig Dornig">
Ludvig Dornig

Ludvig Dornig (; 8 December 1930 – 1996) was a Slovenian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics, representing Yugoslavia. He died in 1996 and his grandson is Slovenian tennis player Blaž Kavčič.

</doc>
<doc id="56787571" url="?curid=56787571" title="Rima Ramanuj">
Rima Ramanuj

Rima Ramanuj is an Indian television actress, She debuted as an actress in the Sony TV's television series Yeh Moh Moh Ke Dhaagey who plays Eijaz Khan's sister aka Mishri on the show. She also acted in the promotional Pepsi ad.
Career.
Rima had seriously never thought of becoming an actor ever in her life. She did her schooling from Fatima Convent School, Bhavnagar and since her school days, her mother always motivated to be a part of extra-curricular activities. She also used to score well in her academics, which is how she completed her dentistry.
She is an choosy person and whenever she went for auditions, she would describe herself as an aspiring actor. But again, She have really worked hard. she came to Mumbai, completed my dentistry and took up a job first. Later, whenever she got audition calls, she used to carry her clothes. She used to go to work, and if got a call, she used to change according to the audition in a mall nearby and then attend the audition.
She did a ramp walk at Phoenix Marketcity (Pune) to raise fund for BETI. 

</doc>
<doc id="56787577" url="?curid=56787577" title="Ludvig Dornik">
Ludvig Dornik


</doc>
<doc id="56787586" url="?curid=56787586" title="A Girl of the Limberlost (disambiguation)">
A Girl of the Limberlost (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56787587" url="?curid=56787587" title="Karen Arvon">
Karen Arvon


</doc>
<doc id="56787589" url="?curid=56787589" title="April 2018 inter-Korean summit">
April 2018 inter-Korean summit

The April 2018 Inter-Korean summit took place on 27 April 2018 on the South Korean side of the Joint Security Area, between Moon Jae-in, President of South Korea, and Kim Jong-un, Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea and Supreme Leader of North Korea. The summit was the third inter-Korean summit - the first in eleven years. It was also the first time since the end of the Korean War in 1953 that a North Korean leader entered the South's territory; President Moon also briefly crossed into the North's territory.
The summit took place after the two sides had already held several meetings in preparation for their joint attendance at the 2018 Winter Olympics. The idea was initially brought forward through an official invitation from the North to conduct a meeting. The summit was focused on the North Korean nuclear weapons program and denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. The Panmunjom Declaration was made following the summit.
Agenda.
The two Koreas' high government officials held a working-level meeting on 4 April 2018 to discuss summit details at the Peace House in the Korean Demilitarized Zone. The agenda was planned to include denuclearization, peace establishment and improvement of inter-Korean relations for their mutual benefit. More than 200 NGOs called for human rights issues in the North to be added to the agenda and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe petitioned to include the North Korean abductions of Japanese citizens as well, but these topics were ultimately excluded from the summit.
Meeting.
The Peace House, located just south of the military demarcation line in the Joint Security Area of Panmunjeom, was accepted as the meeting's location by North Korea from among the venues proposed by South Korea.
The meeting was the first visit by a North Korean leader to South Korean territory after the Korean War (1950–53).
The start of the meeting was broadcast live and featured the two leaders shaking hands over the demarcation line. Moon then accepted an invitation from Kim to briefly step over to the North's side of the line, a seemingly impromptu moment, before the two walked together to the Peace House. There was some controversy with the arrangement of a joint-service guard of honor formed by the Republic of Korea Armed Forces for Chairman Kim. The South Korean Ministry of National Defense justified this move by pointing out that Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo-hyun were given an equally welcoming reception during their visits to the DPRK in 2000 and 2007, respectively. The Ministry also used the Cold War as a historical reference, saying that "when violent conflicts continued between the United States and the Soviet Union, the United States and China, honor guards were organized for leaders of other countries". The official website of the Blue House had a petition that was signed by over a thousand people who opposed the reception.
Along with the scheduled talks, the two leaders conducted a tree-planting ceremony using soil and water from both territories and attended a banquet. Many elements of the meeting were expressly designed for symbolism, including an oval meeting table measuring 2,018 millimetres to represent the year.
Other attendees.
The two leaders were accompanied by their wives, Kim Jung-sook and Ri Sol-ju, and a number of other individuals were present at the meeting:
Dokdo desserts and Japanese culinary complaint.
On 24 April 2018, the Japanese Foreign Ministry protested to the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in the State of Japan, citing the appearance of desserts named "Dokdo" on the dinner menu that was to be used during the summit. Dokdo is the Korean name of a small island group, known as Takeshima in Japanese, that is midway between the Republic of Korea and Japan. It is the subject of a long-standing sovereignty dispute. The mango mousse desserts were accompanied by Korean-style decorations and a depiction of the Korean peninsula that included the islands. On 27 April 2018, Tarō Kōno, Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs, said he felt it was unnecessary to have a "Dokdo" dessert and reiterated claims that the island group is a territory of Japan. Despite the complaint, the Dokdo desserts were served to both Moon Jae-in and Kim Jong-un during the summit. Both men also personally cracked open their desserts with small mallets to symbolize a new relationship.
Joint press conference and agreement.
In a joint press conference, Kim and Moon made a number of pledges regarding co-operation and peace. Notably, these included a pledge to work towards the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, although Kim did not explicitly agree to give up the North's nuclear weapons. The two leaders also agreed to convert the Korean Armistice Agreement into a full peace treaty later that year, formally ending the Korean War after 65 years. Additionally, they pledged to end "hostile activities" between their nations, resume reunion meetings for divided families, improve connections along their border, and cease propaganda broadcasts across the border. This agreement was known as the Panmunjom Declaration for Peace, Prosperity and Unification of the Korean Peninsula and was signed by both leaders in the South Korean border village of Panmunjom.
The press conference was shown live on South Korean television; however, live coverage was not available in North Korea since the country's policy is to not broadcast live events involving its leader.
As the press conference concluded, the two leaders pledged greater communication between themselves and planned for Moon to visit Pyongyang in late 2018.
Aftermath.
In the aftermath of the summit, it was agreed that the loudspeakers in the Korean Demilitarized Zone would be dismantled beginning on 1 May. This commitment was fulfilled as planned and both sides committed to ending their balloon propaganda campaigns as well. On 5 May, an attempt by North Korean defectors to continue the balloon campaign across the border from South Korea was halted by the South Korean government. Also on 5 May, North Korea changed its time zone so that it would match South Korea's.
During the 2018 World Team Table Tennis Championships, the table tennis teams from the two Koreas entered separately, but when they were paired against each other at the quarter-final of the women's event, they negotiated instead to field a joint team for the semifinal, with the agreement of the International Table Tennis Federation. The Korea Team went on to lose to Japan 3–0 in the semi-finals.
May 2018 summit.
On 26 May, Kim and Moon met again in the Joint Security Area, this time on the North Korean side of the Panmunjom village. The meeting took two hours, and unlike other summits it was not publicly announced beforehand. Photos released by South Korea's presidential office showed Moon arriving at the northern side of the Panmunjom truce village and shaking hands with Kim's sister, Kim Yo-jong, before sitting down with Kim for their summit. Moon was accompanied by his spy chief, Suh Hoon, while Kim was joined by Kim Yong-chol, a former military intelligence chief who is now a vice chairman of the North Korean ruling party's central committee tasked with inter-Korean relations. The meeting was largely centered around Kim Jong Un's upcoming summit with US President Donald Trump. Kim and Moon also embraced before Moon returned to South Korea. Moon revealed details of the summit in a public address on 27 May.
September 2018 summit.
On 13 August, it was announced that a third 2018 inter-Korean summit would be held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang on an unspecified day in September. The meeting was designed to capitalize on what was accomplished at the previous two summits. Ri Son Gwon, the head of the North Korean delegation, told reporters that a specific date for the summit was already set, but that they wanted to "keep reporters wondering." It was announced on 31 August that South Korean President Moon Jae-In would send a special delegation to North Korea on 5 September to hold more nuclear talks and set up the summit. The summit lasted three days, from 18 September to 20 September.

</doc>
<doc id="56787596" url="?curid=56787596" title="History of Leipzig from 1933–1939">
History of Leipzig from 1933–1939

Leipzig is the largest city in the German state of Saxony, and one of the largest cities in Germany. It is located in the northern half of Germany, south of Berlin. The history of Leipzig from 1933 to 1939, is affected by the actions of the Nazi regime. From the beginning of the Nazi party's rise to power in 1933, to the beginning of World War II in 1939, Leipzig was an important city to the regime. Thousands of Jews were transported to and from this city as Adolf Hitler's plans for the Jewish people evolved. Between the years of 1933 to 1939, Jews suffered from the implementation of over 400 anti-Jewish policies, laws, and regulations. However, other than the history of the Holocaust, Leipzig, Germany has a rich history and culture.
1933.
Relations were strengthened with south-eastern European countries once the Nazis rose to power, because Nazi leaders orchestrated agreements and under-hand deals. Because of Germany's relatively large size compared to other European countries, it was easier to gain economic power in trade, especially the power they had from the Leipzig Trade Fair, and use that as leverage to force countries like former Yugoslavia, Romania, and Bulgaria to tolerate German power. Eventually, after the Nazi party's rise to power in 1933, the Trade Fair was no longer as valuable to Nazi Germany and its economy because it relied on foreign goods to maintain its military strength. As the Nazi party began implementing anti-Jewish policies and expelling Jews, mainly male, from their high positions in the arts and academics, Jewish women began to lead the households, maintain the mental health of her family members, and urge them to immigrate and escape the evils coming. April 7, 1933 the Law for the Restoration and Civil Service was passed by Nazi leaders. This law allowed for the dismissal of Jews and other "politically unreliable" people from their positions in civil service including lawyers and doctors. The Saxon Ministry for Popular Education issued a directive to the schools of Leipzig, Germany in April 1933 that effectively called for the further segregation of Jews and Aryans in school that would later lead to more a more violent separation between the groups.
1934.
At the Leipzig Trade Fair in 1934, the Economics Minister and Reichbank director, Hjalmar Schacht, included the agreements and deals from the 1933 Nazi rise to power in the New Plan for foreign trade. Adolf Hitler was determined to rearm the German military lead to foreign crises regarding foreign currency, but his determination harmed the economy. It was only the Leipzig Trade Fair that saved the German economy; because of its established reputation and network among other European countries, Germany was able to regulate trade licenses and prioritize importation to ultimately improve their exportation success and prevent further deficit. As the economy worsened, so did tensions for the Jews. Because of activity that was deemed rebellious or against the Nazi regime, 1,600 people were arrested in Leipzig towards the end of 1934. Jewish youth in various youth groups were prohibited from wearing uniforms and displaying pennants like their Aryan peers to help create a distinction between Aryan and non-Aryan. This rampant antisemitism caused Jews to flee the country. Eight hundred Jews emigrated from Leipzig to Palestine between the years of 1933 and 1935 to seek freedom from their religious persecution and escape the Nazi regime. To combat the antisemitic policies and decrees, Jews joined together in an attempt to save their culture. In December, over 575 Jews made up the Cultural Organization of the German Jews, or Kulturbund Deutscher Juden Ortsgruppe Leipzig as it later became known as, which was an organization dedicated to keeping Jewish culture alive and providing an outlet to Jews whose lifestyles were being stifled.
1935.
Nazi propaganda infiltrated the city and served as a reminder to Jews that they were inferior, and advertisements to Aryan Germans of a better Germany. Later, the Nuremberg Laws were passed in 1935. These included two laws designed to further the divide between the Nazi Aryan race and Jews and to allow for the legal persecution of Jews. The Reich Citizenship Law was the first of the Nuremberg Laws which stripped Jews of their German citizenship and the Law for Protection of German Blood and German Honor was the second of the Nuremberg Laws which outlawed the union of a Jew and a German through marriage. Later, all Jews were expelled from schools in the state of Saxony by order of the Saxon education ministry and were to be transferred to various religious schools. On June 8, 1935 Jews were banned from all public baths and pools. In October, the Gemeinde, a German township, created a "Lehrhaus" to accommodate the Jewish children who were barred from public academics and extracurriculars. The Lehrhaus had taken on most of the duties relating to education and it allowed exiled Jewish scholars to act as teachers.
1936.
The divide between Jewish children and Aryan children was deepened in 1939 when Aryan schoolchildren were directed, "to hold their nose if they meet a Jew in the street, because the Jews stink fearfully." The synagogues in Leipzig were threatened in September when the Leipzig police force responded to complaints by the Gemeinde about the amount of synagogues in Leipzig by calling in a lawyer to help them shut them down. By 1936, the activities of the Kulturbund was shut down and it was required that they be approved by the Managing Director of the National Chamber of Culture, or Geschäftsführer of the Reichskulturkammer, after Wilhelm Gustloff, the head of the Foreign Section of the Swiss NSDAP, was assassinated by the Jewish David Frankfurter. This organization was another way for the Nazis to control the lives of the Jewish people by regulating their culture and activities. Jews were accused of being too political during one of their worship services and were thus barred from practicing their religion in any Gemeinde hall. By 1936, many Rabbis had fled the country and emigrated to other European nations so they could freely practice their faith.
1937.
The Ministry of Education, along with the Berlin and Leipzig deans of the philosophy sector, discussed the higher education of Jews and concluded that since Jews were allowed to attend college, they were allowed the right to earn a doctorate degree. However, on April 15, 1937, this conclusion lead to a decision made by the Minister of Education, that outlawed Jews from obtaining a doctorate degree. The Gestapo notified the two members of Gemeinderrabbiner, Goldschimdt and David Ochs, that Leipzig had too many synagogues and advised that they be shut down before then were closed by force. Eventually, even youth meetings were banned.
1938.
Several south-eastern countries such as former Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Romania, Greece, and Hungary all began selling products in Leipzig by 1938 which helped Germany follow through with its promise to prioritize importation which in turn helped to improve the German economy. Former Yugoslavia began selling higher priority items at the Leipzig Trade Fair in the late 1930s and increased its participation in the fair. Further segregation was implemented as police force requested that benches in the Rosenthal be reserved for Aryans only and marked as such. The Orthodox Rabbi, David Ochs spoke at the Lehrhaus and urged his audience of 700 Jews to emigrate to Palestine by speaking of the educational and religious freedoms it offered. Kristallnacht, an attack on the Jews of Germany and Austria, occurred in November and forever changed the lives of Jews in Leipzig by opening their eyes to the true antisemitic opinions of their neighbors. November 1938 is when the deportation of German Jews began. Jews and other non-Germans were prohibited by the German government from holding positions in the Gemeinde in early April which resulted in the loss of 51 of the 149 members. By 1939, 22% of the Jews in Leipzig were expelled, detained, or removed by other means.
1939.
Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, and former Yugoslavia made up 15% of the total amount of foreign participants at the Leipzig Trade Fair by 1939. Throughout the 1930s, the Leipzig Trade Fair and Germany's close relations with the south-eastern countries saved it from complete economic collapse and also allowed for the mobilization of Nazi Germany. It was required of the Gestapo to ban Jews from all parks to avoid the "automatic disadvantage" that the presence of Jews causes for the "German-blooded children". The population of Jews in Leipzig dropped from 11,000 in 1933 to 4,470 by 1939. Jews were forced from their homes to homes for Jews called "Judenhaus".

</doc>
<doc id="56787603" url="?curid=56787603" title="Naresh Chandra Debbarma">
Naresh Chandra Debbarma


</doc>
<doc id="56787606" url="?curid=56787606" title="Akeel Eduardo">
Akeel Eduardo

Akeel Eduardo (born 10 January 1993) is a Dutch professional basketball player, who last played for Apollo Amsterdam of the Dutch Basketball League (DBL). Born on Sint Maarten, Eduardo usually plays at the shooting guard or small forward position.

</doc>
<doc id="56787612" url="?curid=56787612" title="David Reidy (Limerick hurler)">
David Reidy (Limerick hurler)

David Reidy (born 1993) is an Irish hurler who plays for Limerick Intermediate Championship club Dromin-Athlacca and at inter-county level with the Limerick senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a right wing-forward.
Playing career.
Mary Immaculate College.
During his studies at Mary Immaculate College, Reidy was selected for the college's senior hurling team during his second year. On 27 February 2016, he won a Fitzgibbon Cup medal when Mary Immaculate College won their first ever title after a 1-30 to 3-22 defeat of the University of Limerick. 
Dromin-Athlacca.
Reidy joined the Dromin-Athlacca club at a young age and played in all grades at juvenile and underage levels before eventually joining the club's top adult team in the Limerick Intermediate Championship.
On 15 October 2013, Reidy lined out at centre-forward when Dromin-Athlacca faced Knockaderry in the Limerick Intermediate Championship final. He scored 1-02, including a point from a free, and collected a winners' medal following a 2-18 to 1-15 victory.
On 27 October 2018, Reidy lined out in a second Limerick Intermediate Championship final. He top scored for Dromin-Athlacca with 0-09 and collected a second winners' medal following a 2-15 to 0-14 defeat of Croom.
Limerick.
Minor and under-21.
Reidy first played for Limerick as a member of the minor team during the 2011 Munster Championship. He made his first appearance for the team on 27 April 2011 when he lined out at right wing-forward in a 2-14 to 0-12 defeat of Cork.
Reidy was drafted onto the Limerick under-21 team for the 2013 Munster Championship. He made his only appearance in the grade on 31 May 2013 when he scored a point from left wing-forward in a 2-18 to 2-11 defeat by Tipperary.
Senior.
Reidy was just 19-year-old when he was added to the Limerick panel for the 2013 National League. On 14 July 2013, he won a Munster Championship medal as a non-playing substitute following a 0-24 to 0-15 defeat of Cork in the Munster final.
On 23 February 2014, Reidy made his first appearance for the Limerick senior team when he came on as a 21st-minute substitute for Donal O'Grady and scored a goal in a 3-26 to 0-12 defeat of Antrim in the National League. On 3 July 2014, he was an unused substitute when Limerick suffered a 2-24 to 0-24 defeat by Cork in the Munster final. 
Kildare.
In January 2017, Reidy transferred to the Kildare senior hurling team. He made his first appearance for the team on 12 February 2017 and scored 0-06 in a 1-18 to 1-15 defeat of Armagh in the National League. Reidy ended the league as Kildare's top scorer with 2-42 in five games. He was also top scorer in Kildare's Christy Ring Cup campaign with 0-24.
Limerick return.
In November 2017, it was announced that Reidy was returning to the Limerick senior hurling team. On 19 August 2018, he was an unused substitute when Limerick won their first All-Ireland title in 45 years after a 3-16 to 2-18 defeat of Galway in the final.
On 31 March 2019, Reidy was a member of the extended panel but failed to make the match-day panel when Limerick defeated Waterford by 1-24 to 0-19 to win the National League title. On 30 June 2019, he won a second Munster Championship medal after coming on as a substitute for Tom Morrissey in Limerick's 2-26 to 2-14 defeat of Tipperary in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56787613" url="?curid=56787613" title="Halogen-containing flame retardants">
Halogen-containing flame retardants


</doc>
<doc id="56787614" url="?curid=56787614" title="UR-77 Meterorit">
UR-77 Meterorit

The UR-77 Meteorit () is a Soviet mine clearing vehicle, based on a variant of the 2S1 Gvozdika chassis.
Description.
The vehicle is armed with a launcher and two mine-clearing line charges. When launched, a charge causes a shock wave that destroys or disables all the shells or mines along the area of the line charge. (with a width of 6 metres and length up to 90 metres).
The vehicle has also been used offensively, where its line charge has been used to destroy entire streets in urban combat.

</doc>
<doc id="56787617" url="?curid=56787617" title="Mastigias siderea">
Mastigias siderea

Mastigias siderea is a species of jellyfish in the family Mastigiidae. It is native to the southern Pacific Ocean.
Description.
The medusa of "M. siderea" grows to a diameter of about . There are about 60 marginal lappets and the surface of the bell is sculptured with deep radial furrows between these. The eight mouth arms are as long as the diameter of the bell, terminating in club-shaped filaments. There are seven radial canals which link to the ring canal. The bell is pale yellowish-brown with white spots; these are small near the margin but larger over the ring canal. The mouth arms are brown, spotted with white, and the terminal filaments are yellowish.
Distribution.
"M. siderea" occurs in the southern Pacific Ocean. It is a pelagic species, and its method of reproduction has not been studied.

</doc>
<doc id="56787623" url="?curid=56787623" title="Carole &amp; Tuesday">
Carole &amp; Tuesday

 is a 24-episode anime television series directed by Shinichirō Watanabe. It was animated by studio Bones, in commemoration of the studio's 20th anniversary and the 10th anniversary of record label FlyingDog. It aired from April 10 to October 2, 2019 on Fuji TV's +Ultra programming block. A manga adaptation by Morito Yamataka began serialization in "Young Ace" in May 2019 and ended in July 2020. The manga is licensed in English by Yen Press and is slated for release in 2020. An English dub version premiered worldwide on Netflix on August 30, 2019.
Plot.
In the future on a partially terraformed Mars, teenager Tuesday Simmons runs away from her affluent lifestyle as the daughter of a politician and makes her way to Alba City to pursue her dream of being a musician with just a suitcase and her Gibson acoustic guitar. On her first day in the city, she crosses paths with Carole Stanley, an orphaned refugee from Earth and another aspiring musician who plays the piano. The two decide to team up as a singer-songwriter duo under the name Carole &amp; Tuesday.
Media.
Anime.
The 24-episode anime television series by studio Bones is directed by Motonobu Hori with Shinichirō Watanabe as supervising director. Eisaku Kubonouchi provides the original character designs, while Tsunenori Saito adapts them for animation. The series aired in Fuji TV's +Ultra timeslot from April 10 to October 2, 2019, and is streamed exclusively on Netflix. The series is in commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Bones and the 10th anniversary of record label FlyingDog. A special broadcast, "Carole &amp; Tuesday Golden Week Special", was aired on Line Live on May 1, 2019. It included a behind-the-scenes documentary, recording sessions with the singers, and the music video for the opening theme song "Kiss Me". Netflix holds international distribution rights, and the first half of "Carole &amp; Tuesday" was released worldwide on August 30, 2019 with an English dub. The other half was released on December 24.
Starting on June 28, 2019, an eight-episode series of Flash-animated shorts titled "Car &amp; Tue" began streaming on the series' official YouTube channel. The anime shorts center on "light-hearted, comical dialogue" between characters in the series.
Music.
The opening and ending theme songs for the first half respectively are "Kiss Me" and "Hold Me Now", both performed by Nai Br.XX and Celeina Ann. The opening and ending theme songs for the second half respectively are "Polly Jean", performed by Nai Br.XX and Celeina Ann and "Not Afraid", performed by Alisa. Mocky composes the music at FlyingDog. Additional music is provided by other musicians, including:
The first soundtrack album, covering the first 12 episodes and comprising 20 tracks, was released on July 31, 2019. The album consists of songs written for the series' characters by the contributing musicians. The first insert song used in episodes 1, 2 and 12, titled "The Loneliest Girl", was released on digital streaming services on June 27, 2019.
Episodes.
All episode titles are taken from pop and rock songs.
Media release.
FlyingDog released "Carole &amp; Tuesday" across two volumes, in DVD and Blu-ray media formats.
Manga.
A manga adaptation, illustrated by Morito Yamataka, began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's "Young Ace" magazine on May 2, 2019. Yen Press announced the license of the manga at Anime NYC and it is scheduled for release in 2020. The manga ended in July 2020.
Reception.
James Beckett of Anime News Network commended the show, giving it an A overall, citing "genuinely delightful" music, a "colorful, well-realized world", and stated that the English dub "serves the anime even better than its original Japanese track".
In her review of the show for "Syfy", Laura Dale criticized the LGBTQ representation in the show, writing that it kept her from enjoying the anime. She argued that the show often uses "minority characters as punchlines, stereotypes for plot progression, or...presents one particular minority group as dangerous violent monsters created by poor environmental factors." Dale further stated that, in their view, the efforts by the show at LGBTQ representation were frustrating because the show has a "really sweet, soft queer energy," stated that Marie, ex-wife of Carole and Tuesday's manager, the only positive example of representation in the anime itself, and remained disappointed that the show had "repeated harmful representations of queer characters."

</doc>
<doc id="56787631" url="?curid=56787631" title="Charlach Mackintosh">
Charlach Mackintosh

Charlach Mackintosh (1 June 1935 – 8 August 2019) was a British alpine skier. He competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics and the 1960 Winter Olympics.
He was from a family of Olympians, his parents were the multi-sport athlete Charles Ernest Whistler Mackintosh and Lady Jean Douglas-Hamilton (daughter of Alfred Douglas-Hamilton, 13th Duke of Hamilton. His siblings Sheena Mackintosh, Vora Mackintosh and Douglas Mackintosh all competed at the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787632" url="?curid=56787632" title="Nani Gopal Mandal">
Nani Gopal Mandal

Nani Gopal Mandal is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and a former Member of Parliament from Khulna-1.
Career.
Mandal was elected to Parliament from Khulna-1 as a Bangladesh Awami League candidate in 2008. He contested the January 5, 2014 election as an independent candidate after failing to get the nomination from Bangladesh Awami League.
Controversy.
Mandal was accused of assaulting Joyonti Rani, vice chairwoman of Dkope upazila. His actions were condemned by the Upazila Parishad Association of Bangladesh. On May 4, 2012 an arrest warrant was issued against him by the Senior Judicial Magistrate's Court (Ga zone).

</doc>
<doc id="56787640" url="?curid=56787640" title="Nani Gopal Mandol">
Nani Gopal Mandol


</doc>
<doc id="56787641" url="?curid=56787641" title="Eastern Orthodoxy in South Korea">
Eastern Orthodoxy in South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56787647" url="?curid=56787647" title="Federal Ministry of Health (disambiguation)">
Federal Ministry of Health (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56787650" url="?curid=56787650" title="Sherman Garnes">
Sherman Garnes

Sherman Garnes (June 8, 1940 – February 26, 1977) was an American singer who was a member of the doo-wop group The Teenagers.
Garnes attended Edward W. Stitt Junior High School where he met Jimmy Merchant. They formed a group, The Earth Angels, and in 1954, joined Herman Santiago and Joe Negroni to form The Coupe De Villes, which later, with the addition of Frankie Lymon, became The Teenagers who had a hit song with "Why Do Fools Fall in Love". He died on February 26, 1977 after suffering from a heart attack. He was only 36 years old.
Personal life.
Garnes was 6 ft. 6 in. tall and had a size 13 shoe. Garnes has a daughter named Leslie Garnes Carlisle (Moguel).

</doc>
<doc id="56787655" url="?curid=56787655" title="Lars Mattsson">
Lars Mattsson

Lars Mattsson (born 17 January 1932) is a Swedish alpine skier. He competed in the men's downhill at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787664" url="?curid=56787664" title="Suffragetto">
Suffragetto

Suffragetto was a board game published in the United Kingdom around 1908 by the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) and manufactured by Sargeant Bros. Ltd. In modern terms, it was developed to "enact feminist ideology in a hybrid fantasy-real world environment" to support the activist strategies of the suffragettes.
Game play.
The game is a contest of occupation featuring two players around a grid board representing the streets of Edwardian London. One player plays 21 green markers as the radical suffragettes, the other player plays 21 dark blue markers as the police constables. The objective of the suffragettes is to break through police lines and enter the House of Commons, while at the same time preventing the police from entering Albert Hall. The objective of the police is to disrupt the meeting of the suffragettes by entering Albert Hall, while at the same time preventing them from entering the House of Commons.
"Arrested" suffragettes are confined to the "prison" section of the board, whereas "disabled" constables are confined to the "hospital" section. The game is won by the first player who introduces six markers into the opponent's base.
The WSPU were enthusiastic about manufacturing and selling the game, as it would allow the organisation to continue running without having to depend on donations from wealthy individuals.
Legacy.
Oxford's Bodleian Libraries has the only known surviving copy of the game. "Suffragetto" was among several children's games designed at that time around the themes of gender, resistance, and social relationships, along with the contemporaneous games "Panko" and "Pank-a-Squith" (1909). The goal of the latter was to navigate a suffragette (led by Emmeline Pankhurst) down a long path from her home to parliament, past obstacles placed by the Liberal government (led by Prime Minister H. H. Asquith).
The game of "Suffragetto" was demonstrated in the second episode of the first season of the 2018 BBC documentary series "Further Back in Time for Dinner". and in the documentary "No Man Shall Protect Us: The Hidden History of the Suffragette Bodyguards" (2018).
It is possible to print and play the board game, and it can be played for free using the Java-based Vassal Engine; there was previously an online version.

</doc>
<doc id="56787672" url="?curid=56787672" title="Ocampos">
Ocampos

Ocampos is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56787673" url="?curid=56787673" title="Nigel Gardner">
Nigel Gardner

Nigel Gardner (born 16 March 1933) is a British alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787675" url="?curid=56787675" title="Abbatial church of Santa Maria della Sanità (Genoa)">
Abbatial church of Santa Maria della Sanità (Genoa)

The abbatial church of Santa Maria della Sanità is located in Salita di Santa Maria della Sanità, in the Castelletto quarter of Genoa. Originally, it was the private chapel of villa De Mari (now villa Grüber). It was built in the 17th century by the Genoese nobleman Stefano De Mari, who bestowed it to the Descalced Carmelites of the nearby Church of Sant'Anna. It has a rare octagonal layout, a wide cupola and seven lateral chapels, which make it a jewel of the religious architecture of Genoa.

</doc>
<doc id="56787677" url="?curid=56787677" title="Cuca García">
Cuca García


</doc>
<doc id="56787680" url="?curid=56787680" title="Mount Crawford (New Hampshire)">
Mount Crawford (New Hampshire)

Mount Crawford is a mountain located in Coos County, New Hampshire, in the United States. The mountain is on a spur of Montalban Ridge within the White Mountains and overlooks Crawford Notch. It is accessible via the Davis Path, which climbs from Crawford Notch near the Notchland Inn. The Davis Path continues north up Montalban Ridge to Mount Washington.
Mount Crawford is in the Presidential Range–Dry River Wilderness. It is within the Saco River watershed, with the northern slopes draining to Sleeper Brook, the southern slopes draining to Raxor Brook, and the western slopes draining directly to the Saco. To the east is the connecting ridge to Mount Resolution on the crest of Montalban Ridge.
The Davis Path is named after its creator, Nathaniel T. P. Davis, who was the husband of Hannah Crawford. The couple lived at the time with Hannah's father, Abel Crawford, who owned the Crawford House inn at Hart's Location. Davis managed the inn for some time.

</doc>
<doc id="56787682" url="?curid=56787682" title="Wisner House">
Wisner House

The Wisner House, also known as Pine Grove, is a single-family house located at 405 Cesar Chavez Avenue in Pontiac, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It is now a public museum, the Governor Moses Wisner House, operated by the Oakland County Pioneer and Historical Society.
History.
Moses Wisner was born in New York State in 1815, and moved to Michigan in 1837. He began farming, but soon abandoned it to read law in his brother's law office in Pontiac. By 1844, Wisner had settled permanently in Pontiac, and in 1845 he contracted the building of this house. He was married three years later. As he began practicing law, Wisner became active in politics, and took part in the first Republican convention in 1854. In 1858, he ran for governor and was elected to a two-year term. At the outbreak of the Civil War, he raised a regiment; however, he died of typhoid fever in early 1863.
Wisner's widow Angeolina Wisner kept the house as it had been during his life. She resided there until her death in 1905. Afterward the house was owned and maintained by Wisner's daughter Jessie Wisner Clark, and then granddaughter Florence Clark Wallace. In 1945, Florence Clark Wallace sold the house to the Oakland County Pioneer and Historical Society as a house museum.
Description.
The Wisner House is a two-story red brick Greek Revival structure with a single story hip-roofed wing fronted with a colonnade of fluted Doric columns. The main entrance is covered by a flat-roofed portico. Windows are six over six units with sliding sashes, stone sills and stone lintels. The house still contains many objects which belonged to Moses Wisner and his immediate family.

</doc>
<doc id="56787688" url="?curid=56787688" title="Mahmoud Beiglou">
Mahmoud Beiglou

Mahmoud Beiglou (born 1929) is an Iranian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56787691" url="?curid=56787691" title="Mahmoud Beigloo">
Mahmoud Beigloo


</doc>
<doc id="56787698" url="?curid=56787698" title="Dole (juice company)">
Dole (juice company)


</doc>
<doc id="56787701" url="?curid=56787701" title="Thauvin">
Thauvin


</doc>
<doc id="56787708" url="?curid=56787708" title="SFR Yugoslavia national basketball team">
SFR Yugoslavia national basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56787716" url="?curid=56787716" title="Nematolampas regalis">
Nematolampas regalis

Nematolampas regalis, the regal firefly squid is a small, little known species of squid from the family Lycoteuthidae which is found in the subtropical South Pacific Ocean. This squid has a mantle length of 30mm. It may be sexually dimorphic with the males possibly having very thin elongated arms III which are increasingly thread like towards their tips where they do not have any suckers. Arms II are "normal" and have suckers along their length. The third arms have a series of photophores along their length and there is a small photophore located on each of the tips of arms I and II. The tentacles have two embedded photophores and the largest of the eye's photophores is in the centre. There is a pair of large photophores vlose to the tip of the mantle on the ventral side mantle; with no other photphores on the body except for a visceral photophore which is also near the tip. There is practically no tail. "N. regalis" is known only from the Kermadec Islands near New Zealand, one of the specimens was beached while the other two were caught by a trawl at a depth of 48m.

</doc>
<doc id="56787720" url="?curid=56787720" title="Notolophus antiqua">
Notolophus antiqua


</doc>
<doc id="56787732" url="?curid=56787732" title="Bessie Lee">
Bessie Lee

Bessie Lee (née Lum; August 26, 1924 – December 22, 2016) was a Chinese Canadian community organizer and civic activist in Vancouver's Strathcona and Chinatown neighbourhoods. She was a co-founder and long-time President of the Strathcona Property Owners and Tenants Association (SPOTA), which was instrumental in mobilizing several neighborhoods to work together to stop a freeway in the late 1960s that would have run through the heart of many of Vancouver's inner-city neighborhoods. Lee was also a founding member of the Britannia Community Centre and a board member of the Strathcona Community Centre. She won the BC Community Achievement Award in 2014.
Early life and education.
Lee grew up in Vancouver's Chinatown in the 1930s. She attended Lord Strathcona Elementary School and Vancouver Normal School. Her family operated a fish and general store that served the Chinese bachelors living in Chinatown. From her mother, an herbalist, Lee learned how to prepare herbal tonics and medicinal preparations made from roots, leaves, bark and wild animal parts that the older men would bring in from the bush. Because her father died young, Lee quit school before graduation to help her widowed mother run the business. 
When she was 20 years of age, Bessie eloped with Henry James Lee. They had eight children.
Strathcona Property Owners and Tenants Association (SPOTA).
In 1968, out of necessity, Bessie Lee embarked on a lengthy career as a community organizer and civic activist. With her home threatened by expropriation and the bulldozer under Phase 3 of the City of Vancouver's Urban Renewal Project and with nowhere else to go, Lee decided to get involved. She was a co-founder of the SPOTA with fellow Vancouver civic activist Mary Lee Chan in November/December 1968. SPOTA was a strong unified community voice against the freeway that was planned to through Strathcona as part of an "urban renewal" program. At the beginning of SPOTA, Lee initially served as the English Secretary eventually becoming its long-time President. Lee and SPOTA helped to halt the program as it would have destroyed the older neighborhoods of Vancouver.
In 1968, Robert Andras, the federal minister in charge of housing for Pierre Trudeau's new Liberal government met with SPOTA. Andras' visit resulted in the halting of the City of Vancouver's existing redevelopment plan and an investment of $5 million in a pilot project. Itt engaged SPOTA in a planning process that involved each level of government and saw existing buildings, streets, and sidewalks in Strathcona rehabilitated and new parks and a community centre built. The pilot became a national program for preserving older, inner city neighborhoods. SPOTA received a Governor General's award for this project.
Advocacy work.
Among her many achievements, Lee spearheaded the campaign to build affordable co-operative, infill housing for families and seniors on vacant lots. She worked to improve health and social services delivery to Strathcona families and elders. She helped to develop and manage integrated community recreation centers and parks in Strathcona and Grandview Woodland.
Lee was a founding member of the Britannia Community Centre and the Strathcona Community Centre's elected Boards. The Strathcona Linear Park was a direct result of her determination that the City of Vancouver replace the original MacLean Park that was superseded by public housing towers. As a member of the Strathcona Rehabilitation Project steering committee she negotiated funding to build the Strathcona Linear Park and the Strathcona Community Centre.
Working alongside others, Lee helped to pioneer innovative, culturally hybrid forms of community organizing such as ribbon cutting ceremonies, open houses and teas, walking tours and multi-venue Chinese banquets during municipal, provincial and federal elections to raise funds and to bring local issues to the forefront.
In an interview in the book "Opening Doors", Lee said: "We have to remind the city that when they decide to change things in a community they must always consider the social planning of that community and the concerns of the people who live in it."
Awards.
Lee won the BC Community Achievement Award in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56787742" url="?curid=56787742" title="Haim Harari (educator)">
Haim Harari (educator)

Haim Harari (Shneur Zalman Blumberg) ( (July 13, 1883 – November 13, 1940) was a Hebrew teacher, writer, and publicist, member of the Second Assembly of Representatives, an amateur actor and director, one of the founders of the 'Hebrew Stage Lovers Association', and one of the founders of Tel Aviv.
His wife was the writer Yehudit Harari. His son was Yizhar Harari, a Zionist activist and Israeli politician, and his grandson is theoretical physicist Haim Harari, former President of the Weizmann Institute of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="56787744" url="?curid=56787744" title="Ezequiel Denis">
Ezequiel Denis

Ezequiel Alexander Denis (born 4 April 1996) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for San Martín de San Juan.
Career.
Denis had spells with Ferro de Alvear and Independiente (GP) in his youth career, prior to joining Independiente of Avellaneda in 2011 and making the step into senior football in 2017. He was promoted into the club's first-team squad towards the end of 2017, being an unused substitute for an Argentine Primera División match with Racing Club on 25 November. On 9 December, Denis came off the substitute's bench in a league match with Arsenal de Sarandí to make his professional debut and subsequently scored a stoppage time winner in a 1–2 victory. He was loaned to Almagro of Primera B Nacional in July 2018.
Denis remained with Almagro for two seasons, scoring goals against Central Córdoba, Temperley and Quilmes across thirty-two total appearances. Denis returned to Independiente in June 2020, before departing on loan to Paraguayan Primera División side General Díaz in the succeeding October. However, in early November, Denis terminated his deal after not featuring. On 3 February 2021, Denis terminated his contract in order to join Primera B Nacional's San Martín.

</doc>
<doc id="56787752" url="?curid=56787752" title="Sertić">
Sertić

Sertić is a Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56787761" url="?curid=56787761" title="Eli Sanders">
Eli Sanders

Eli Sanders is an American journalist based in Seattle, Washington and the Associate Editor of The Stranger. In 2012, Sanders won the Pulitzer Prize in Feature Writing.
Sanders hosts a weekly political podcast for The Stranger, the Blabbermouth Podcast.
On September 19, 2017, Sanders announced that he would take a temporary leave from "The Stranger" and work as the deputy communications director to Mayor Tim Burgess until November. Sanders will return to "The Stranger" to write about his experiences as part of the mayoral transition.
Sanders graduated from Columbia College of Columbia University in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56787765" url="?curid=56787765" title="Verneri Pohjola">
Verneri Pohjola

Verneri Pohjola (born 23 December 1977 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish jazz trumpeter.
Biography.
The son of bassist Pekka Pohjola, Pohjola studied at the Jazz and Pop Conservatory and the Örebro Music School in Helsinki. From 1999 he studied jazz music at the Sibelius-Akademie, where he met pianist Tuomo Prättälä, bassist Antti Lötjönen, and drummer Olavi Louhivuori, members of his "Ilmiliekki Quartet" in 2002. In 2003 they released their debut album "March of the Alpha Males", followed by "Take It With Me" in 2006 .
In addition, Pohjola is a member of the band "Quintessence", the band of Iro Haarla, the ensemble "Suhkan Uhka" of Antti Hytti and Jone Takamäki, the "UMO Jazz Orchestra," and the post-rock band "Silvio", where he plays the drums. With his brother Ilmari, he played with his father Pekka Pohjola for the first time on his album Views (2001) . His first solo album "Aurora" was first released 2009 by the Finnish independent label Texicalli Records and came out for the German label ACT Music 2011. The only non-original composition of the eight tracks is Joaquin Rodrigo's "Concierto de Aranjuez Amour".
The artist has been cited that his music is “about embracing life in all of its complex emotions, while we still have it. After all, the dead don’t dream.” The final phrase makes also the title of his 2020 solo album. The sidemen for this seven tracks comprising CD and vinyl disc release at Edition Records have been: Antti Lötjönen bass, Mika Kallio drums, Miikka Paatelainen pedal steel guitar, Tuomo Prättälä piano and electronics and Pauli Lyytinen soprano and tenor saxophone. The JazzTimes reviewer commented about Pohjola: "he plays ideas you haven’t heard before".
Honors.
His quartet was awarded the "Teosto-Preis" of the Association of Finnish Composers, and Pohjola was voted Artist of the Year at the "Pori Jazz festival" In 2004, the quartet was invited to the official reception by the Finnish president Tarja Halonen on the occasion of the Finnish Independence Day. In 2009 for his album "Aurora," Pohjola received a Finnish jazz Emma Award as the ″Jazz Album of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="56787777" url="?curid=56787777" title="Pedostibes kempi">
Pedostibes kempi


</doc>
<doc id="56787785" url="?curid=56787785" title="List of Anjunabeats releases">
List of Anjunabeats releases


</doc>
<doc id="56787789" url="?curid=56787789" title="Sheikh Harunur Rashid">
Sheikh Harunur Rashid

Sheikh Harunur Rashid is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament from Khulna-1. He is the incumbent Chairman of the Khulna Zilla Parishad.
Career.
Rashid was elected from Khulna-1 in 1986 as a candidate of Bangladesh Awami League. He was reelected in 1996 from Khulna-1 as a candidate of Bangladesh Awami League. He is the Chairman of the Khulna Zilla Parishad.

</doc>
<doc id="56787794" url="?curid=56787794" title="Convalesced">
Convalesced


</doc>
<doc id="56787796" url="?curid=56787796" title="Calgary-Peigan">
Calgary-Peigan

Calgary-Peigan is a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. The district will be one of 87 districts mandated to return a single member (MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first past the post method of voting. It will be contested for the first time in the 2019 Alberta election.
Geography.
The district is located in eastern Calgary, containing the western part of Dover, the neighbourhoods of Ogden, Riverbend, Quarry Park, Douglasdale and Douglasglen, the northern part of McKenzie Lake, and the former hamlet of Shepard. It is bounded on the west by the Bow River and stretches to the eastern edge of Calgary, also including the sprawling industrial subdivisions around the CPR lands and Ralph Klein Park. It is named for Peigan Trail SE, which forms part of its northern boundary.
History.
The district was created in 2017 when the Electoral Boundaries Commission recommended abolishing Calgary-Fort and shifting the boundaries of Calgary-Hays southward. Calgary-Peigan was formed from most of Calgary-Fort, the northern neighbourhoods of Calgary-Hays, and a small part of Calgary-Acadia (the neighbourhood of Riverbend). As Fort Calgary was moved to the district of Calgary-Buffalo, the name Calgary-Fort could no longer be used.

</doc>
<doc id="56787809" url="?curid=56787809" title="Steiroxys">
Steiroxys

Steiroxys is a genus of shield-backed katydids in the family Tettigoniidae. There are about five described species in "Steiroxys".
Species.
These five species belong to the genus "Steiroxys":

</doc>
<doc id="56787817" url="?curid=56787817" title="Hector Ruiz-Cadenas">
Hector Ruiz-Cadenas


</doc>
<doc id="56787819" url="?curid=56787819" title="Villa To Village">
Villa To Village

Villa To Village () is a 2018 Tamil language reality talent game show, airing on Vijay TV every Saturday and Sunday at 21:30 (IST) beginning 10 March 2018. The show was hosted by Andrews.
Synopsis.
The show takes twelve city women and relocates them to a village where they have no money and must make ends meet for forty days.

</doc>
<doc id="56787821" url="?curid=56787821" title="Colombia national beach soccer team">
Colombia national beach soccer team

The Colombia national beach soccer team represents Colombia in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Federación Colombiana de Fútbol (FCF), the governing body for football in Colombia.
Colombia entered the international beach soccer scene in 2009 at the first edition of the South American Beach Games. The team subsequently debuted in the largest beach soccer event in South America, the World Cup qualifiers, in 2011, finishing in 4th place – their best finish in any major competition to date. Since then, Colombia have remained an active team, becoming regulars at the major CONMEBOL events of the World Cup qualifiers, Copa América and Liga Sudamericana, however have yet to achieve a podium finish.
Current squad.
"As of March 2018"
Coach: Santiago Alzate

</doc>
<doc id="56787826" url="?curid=56787826" title="Medical college, Thiruvananthapuram">
Medical college, Thiruvananthapuram


</doc>
<doc id="56787839" url="?curid=56787839" title="Agnes Storey">
Agnes Storey


</doc>
<doc id="56787842" url="?curid=56787842" title="Agnes Story">
Agnes Story


</doc>
<doc id="56787850" url="?curid=56787850" title="Iola Fuller Goodspeed McCoy">
Iola Fuller Goodspeed McCoy


</doc>
<doc id="56787851" url="?curid=56787851" title="Iola Fuller McCoy">
Iola Fuller McCoy


</doc>
<doc id="56787856" url="?curid=56787856" title="Minayo">
Minayo


</doc>
<doc id="56787873" url="?curid=56787873" title="AAAs Championships">
AAAs Championships


</doc>
<doc id="56787876" url="?curid=56787876" title="AAAs Championship">
AAAs Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56787881" url="?curid=56787881" title="Fraser Brown (disambiguation)">
Fraser Brown (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56787884" url="?curid=56787884" title="Grant Duff">
Grant Duff


</doc>
<doc id="56787885" url="?curid=56787885" title="Suzanne Rivard-Lemoyne">
Suzanne Rivard-Lemoyne

Suzanne Rivard-Lemoyne (March 28, 1928 - October 29, 2012) was an artist born in Quebec City, Quebec who later moved to Ottawa, Ontario and is known for her significant contribution to arts administration. She was responsible for developing Art Bank, the Canada Council's art collection program in 1972. Rivard-Lemoyne became a Visual Arts Officer for the Canada Council in 1970 and started the art collection and leasing system for government offices, offering regional artists support and those interested in collecting access to local art. She played a major role in supporting and developing the local community of artist-run centres and contemporary art galleries. Rivard-Lemoyne won the 2003 Governor General's Awards in Visual and Media Arts for Outstanding Contribution in arts support.
Education and early work.
Suzanne Rivard-Lemoyne trained at the École des beaux-arts de Québec, as well as with André Lhote in Paris in 1957. Rivard-Lemoyne's teaching career spanned from 1952 to 1986, at the École des beaux-arts de Québec, the École des beaux-arts de Montréal, and the University of Ottawa. She did mural painting in Montréal, including at Expo 67.
Arts administration and teaching.
Rivard-Lemoyne started doing arts administration in 1969, after moving to Ottawa, in the Cultural Division of the Secretary of State of Canada. In addition to her administrative work at the Canada Council, Rivard-Lemoyne was Chair of the University of Ottawa's Department of Visual Arts and Theatre (1974-1982) and is recognized for significantly developing the department. She was also on the board of the Ottawa Arts Centre Foundation.
Artwork.
Rivard-Lemoyne helped to organize the "Canada Trajectories 73" exhibition at the Musée d'art moderne de la Ville de Paris and in London. The Ottawa Art Gallery presented an exhibition of Rivard-Lemoyne's drawings and paintings in 1996 called "Survol". The exhibition curator, Diane Génier, describes Rivard-Lemoyne's drawings and paintings as atmospheric and process driven, dealing with themes of light and immensity. Rivard-Lemoyne started making large-scale monochromatic encaustic paintings in 1991, and prior to that in the 1980s, painted expressionistic landscapes with the later works in this series making use of simplified colour fields.
Rivard-Lemoyne won the First Grand Prize of the Concours artistique de la province de Québec in 1958. Her work is in the collections of the City of Ottawa, the Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec, Concordia Art Gallery, and private collections in Montréal, Ottawa, Québec, and Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="56787891" url="?curid=56787891" title="Stenoscelis">
Stenoscelis

Stenoscelis is a genus of snout and bark beetles in the family Curculionidae. There are at least 30 described species in "Stenoscelis".
Species.
These 35 species belong to the genus "Stenoscelis":

</doc>
<doc id="56787904" url="?curid=56787904" title="Stilpnochlora">
Stilpnochlora

Stilpnochlora is a genus of phaneropterine katydids in the family Tettigoniidae. There are about 15 described species in "Stilpnochlora".
Species.
These 15 species belong to the genus "Stilpnochlora":

</doc>
<doc id="56787918" url="?curid=56787918" title="Stobaera">
Stobaera

Stobaera is a genus of delphacid planthoppers in the family Delphacidae. There are about 14 described species in "Stobaera".
Species.
These 14 species belong to the genus "Stobaera":

</doc>
<doc id="56787926" url="?curid=56787926" title="Inogon leading mark">
Inogon leading mark


</doc>
<doc id="56787932" url="?curid=56787932" title="Eumops ferox">
Eumops ferox

Eumops ferox, the fierce bonneted bat or the chestnut mastiff bat, is a species of free-tailed bat found in the Caribbean and Mexico. Until recently, it was synonymous with Wagner's bonneted bat.
Taxonomy and etymology.
It was described as a new species in 1861 by Cuban naturalist Juan Gundlach.
Gundlach initially placed it in the genus "Molossus", with the name "Molossus ferox".
It has been considered synonymous with Wagner's bonneted bat, "Eumops glaucinus".
It was generally recognized as synonymous with Wagner's bonneted bat until a 2008 study concluded that Wagner's bonneted bat was actually a species complex that should be broken into four species: "Eumops ferox", the Florida bonneted bat, "E. wilsoni", and Wagner's bonneted bat.
Its species name "ferox" is of Latin origin meaning "ferocious" or "fierce."
When handling an individual in Jamaica, Philip Henry Gosse remarked the following:
Systematics.
"E. ferox" is very closely related to the Florida bonneted bat, "Eumops floridanus".
The two have a very small genetic distance of 0.013.
One analysis using mitochondrial DNA showed that the population of "E. ferox" in Cuba was more closely related to "E. floridanus" than it was to the "E. ferox" in Central America.
Authors of another paper hypothesized that "E. ferox" and "E. floridanus" were so closely related because their recent divergence caused incomplete lineage sorting.
Description.
This is the species of bat that Philip Henry Gosse referred to as the chestnut mastiff bat in his 1851 book, "A Naturalist's Sojourn in Jamaica".
Its ears are so large that they hang over its face.
It has long, narrow wings.
Like other members of its genus, it has a gular-thoracic gland, with the glands of the males producing a "very rank odour."
Its ears are hairless, while its toes have long, bristly hairs.
From head to tail, it is .
Its tail is long; its forearm is long.
Individuals weigh approximately .
Biology.
"E. ferox" is a nocturnal species, roosting in sheltered places during the day such as underneath roof shingles.
These roosts will consist of multiple individuals, with one roost containing 15 individuals, as it is a colonial species.
It emerges from its roost shortly after sunset to forage.
It is insectivorous.
It is monoestrous, with a single annual breeding season.
Pregnant females have been documented April through June, while lactating females have been documented in June and July.
The litter size is one young, called a pup.
Most females give birth in late June, with lactation lasting 5–6 weeks.
Range and habitat.
It is found in the Caribbean, Mexico and Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="56787946" url="?curid=56787946" title="Patrick Musonda">
Patrick Musonda

Patrick Bulasho Musonda (born 4 June 1964) is a Zambian politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly for Kabwe Central from 2002 until 2006.
Biography.
Musonda contested the 2001 general elections as the Heritage Party candidate in Kabwe Central, and was elected to the National Assembly. In 2002 he was expelled from the party for voting for the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD) candidate for Speaker Amusaa Mwanamwambwa. Musonda subsequently joined the MMD and was re-elected in a by-election on 28 August 2002. However, he was not selected as the MMD candidate for the 2006 general elections.
Musonda became the party's National Youth Chairman, but he was suspended from the party in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="56787948" url="?curid=56787948" title="Schember">
Schember


</doc>
<doc id="56787966" url="?curid=56787966" title="Ghuinke">
Ghuinke

Ghuinke (Punjabi and ) is a village in Daska Tehsil of Sialkot District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="56787977" url="?curid=56787977" title="The Glebe of Fairfax Parish">
The Glebe of Fairfax Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56787979" url="?curid=56787979" title="Bernard Laverty">
Bernard Laverty

Monsignior Bernard Joseph Laverty (1863–1945) was a highly regarded Irish Roman Catholic priest in the Diocese of Down and Connor.
He was born in the parish of Duneane in 1863, studied at St. Malachy's College and St Patrick's College, Maynooth and was ordained for service as a priest in 1890 in the College Chapel in St. Malachy's.
His first appointment was to the parish of Newcastle, Co. Down and then to St. Matthew's Short Strand. Subsequently he transferred to St Peter's Cathedral, Belfast for 12 years the last six of which he was Administrator.
After a period in Ligoneil he was made parish priest of Holy Rosary Parish on Belfast's Ormeau Road in 1921. He was made chair of Belfast Catholic Protection Committee and participated in discussions with the police and government officials after Partition to explore Catholic involvement in the new state of Northern Ireland but very little came of these discussions.
Monsignor Laverty was made Vicar General of the Diocese in 1934 and two years later Dean of Down and Connor. He died on April 4, 1945 aged 82 and is buried in Milltown Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56787992" url="?curid=56787992" title="Gwiazdowska">
Gwiazdowska


</doc>
<doc id="56787993" url="?curid=56787993" title="Trump tariff">
Trump tariff


</doc>
<doc id="56787994" url="?curid=56787994" title="Svastra">
Svastra

Svastra is a genus of long-horned bees in the family Apidae. There are at least 20 described species in "Svastra".
Species.
These 23 species belong to the genus "Svastra":

</doc>
<doc id="56788006" url="?curid=56788006" title="Syrbula">
Syrbula

Syrbula is a genus of slant-faced grasshoppers in the family Acrididae. There are at least three described species in "Syrbula".
Species.
These three species belong to the genus "Syrbula":

</doc>
<doc id="56788013" url="?curid=56788013" title="Teretrius">
Teretrius

Teretrius is a genus of clown beetles in the family Histeridae. There are at least 70 described species in "Teretrius".
Species.
These 77 species belong to the genus "Teretrius":

</doc>
<doc id="56788022" url="?curid=56788022" title="Women's Knockout Cup (New Zealand)">
Women's Knockout Cup (New Zealand)


</doc>
<doc id="56788027" url="?curid=56788027" title="Vertical banknote">
Vertical banknote


</doc>
<doc id="56788046" url="?curid=56788046" title="Wahydra graslieae">
Wahydra graslieae

Wahydra graslieae is a butterfly species in the family Hesperiidae. It is known from a single holotype specimen found in the Andes Mountains in Ecuador. The specific epithet honors Emily Graslie.
Description.
"W. graslieae" is about the size of a postage stamp. In this obscure genus, "W. graslieae" is much darker than other described Wahydra species and with pointer forewings and metallic silver scales that have previously only been found in very distantly related skippers. 

</doc>
<doc id="56788064" url="?curid=56788064" title="Thornely">
Thornely

Thornely is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56788069" url="?curid=56788069" title="Caboolture Australian Football Club">
Caboolture Australian Football Club


</doc>
<doc id="56788075" url="?curid=56788075" title="Shō Kiryūin">
Shō Kiryūin

 is a Japanese singer and songwriter. He is the lead singer of the Japanese "visual kei air band" Golden Bomber. He also writes, composes and co-arranges all the songs for the band. He plays multiple instruments including guitar, bass guitar and drums, and dabbles in piano and violin.
Early life.
Shō Kiryūin was born on 20 June 1984 in Tokyo, Japan. He attended Tokyo Metropolitan Mukogaoka High School, where he participated in the Light Music club.
Career.
Golden Bomber.
He formed the band Golden Bomber with guitarist Yutaka Kyan. Initially the members played live instruments, but due to Yutaka Kyan's lack of musical ability, they decided to switch to play their music from an iPod and restyle themselves as an "air band". He writes songs and lyrics by himself. However, he went to the recording studio with other members of Golden Bomber, Kiryūin plays instruments including violin. He touring live with Oneman Kowai, and Zenryoku Baka tours along with other members of Golden Bomber. In 2008 He and other members of Golden Bomber signed with Euclid/Zany Zap records, but signed with Atlantic Records. Kiryūin and members of Golden Bomber performed for 2 days at the Yokohama Arena, He performed in Nippon Budokan, and on 21 January, Kiryūin and members of Golden Bomber performed in Osaka-jō Hall, but in 2010, the Expo 2010 concert in Shanghai was cancelled.
Parodies.
Kiryūin makes many parody songs of songs by famous singers and bands, imitating their melody, lyrics, singing style. For example, "Ultra Phantom" is Koshi Inaba, "Tsunami no Johnny" - Keisuke Kuwata imitation.
Other ventures.
On June 20, 2012, Kiryūin released his autobiography "I’m Golden Bomber’s vocalist, are there any questions?". He made his solo debut with the opening theme "Life is SHOW TIME" from Kamen Rider Wizard.
Radio hosting.
Kiryuin hosts All Night Nippon radio program, from January 5, 2011 to June 29, 2015.
Personal life.
Kiryūin lists his hobbies and interests as meat, bread, alcohol, ramen, manga, adult videos, detective games, and 1990s J-pop. Since middle school, he has been a big fan of Gackt and Malice Mizer.
Kiryuin Sho announced his marriage on September 4th 2021 asking fans to be respectful of his wife's privacy due to her uninvolvement with performing arts. He asked that people also not harass both extended families. The announcement was made directly by Kiryuin Sho on his personal Ameba blog and Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="56788078" url="?curid=56788078" title="The Farmer's Daughter">
The Farmer's Daughter


</doc>
<doc id="56788092" url="?curid=56788092" title="CoD14">
CoD14


</doc>
<doc id="56788104" url="?curid=56788104" title="CoD 14">
CoD 14


</doc>
<doc id="56788122" url="?curid=56788122" title="Jersey SPCA">
Jersey SPCA


</doc>
<doc id="56788124" url="?curid=56788124" title="Fortino Tenaglia Lighthouse">
Fortino Tenaglia Lighthouse

 Fortino Tenaglia Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on a promontory on the west side of the Gulf of Pozzuoli in the municipality of Bacoli, Campania on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The first lighthouse was established in 1856 under the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies while the current date back to the post-war period. It consists of a red concrete cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern, mounted on a red service building. The lantern, painted in grey metallic, is positioned at above sea level and emits a red flash on and off in a 4 seconds period, visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and powered by a solar unit and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 2406 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56788128" url="?curid=56788128" title="Work of William Burges at Cardiff Castle">
Work of William Burges at Cardiff Castle

From 1865 until his death in 1881 the Victorian architect William Burges undertook the reconstruction of Cardiff Castle for his patron, John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute. The rebuilding saw the creation of some of the most significant Victorian interiors in Britain.
The castle before the 18th century.
The origins of the castle at castle are Roman, of the 1st century A.D. and the site has been in continual occupation since. In the Middle Ages the castle was an important fortified site but by the 18th century, when it came into the possession of the Marquesses of Bute it had declined in importance.
The 18th century castle.
In the mid-18th century, an extensive plan for reconstruction of the castle was prepared by Robert Adam for John Stuart, 1st Marquess of Bute, but nothing of this scheme was carried out. In 1776 Capability Brown and his son-in-law Henry Holland were employed to develop the castle as a seat appropriate for the Marquess's son. Brown landscaped the central court, filling in the moat surrounding the keep as he went, while Holland converted the West range into "habitable living quarters". Holland's extensions, dating from 1776, were carried out in a "tame Gothic fashion". The connoisseur Sir Richard Colt Hoare decried the result as "so thickly beset with sash windows that little of its ancient character can be perceived". Holland and Brown's work ceased on the death of Lord Mount Stuart in 1794. In the early 19th century, Robert Smirke was consulted on improvements but again nothing was taken forward. On his inheritance, John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute came into possession of a castle that was " a semi-reconstructed ruin" of which he wrote, "I am painfully alive to the fact that the castle is very far indeed from setting anything like an example in art".
Victorian construction and reconstruction: Burges and Bute.
In 1865, Bute met William Burges. This may have resulted from Burges's father, Alfred Burges, having worked for Bute's father on the East Bute Docks in Cardiff. Together, their joint interests in the medieval world, supported by Bute's money and Burges's skill, transformed the castle into a "Gothic feudal extravaganza". In plan, the new building broadly follows the arrangement of a standard Victorian country house. The high Clock Tower forms a suite of bachelor's rooms. To the north, the Guest Tower contains accommodation for visitors. The main block comprises the principal reception rooms, the library and the banqueting hall. The Herbert Tower houses the Arab Room, on which Burges was working when he fell ill and died in 1881. The Beauchamp Tower, crowned with a flèche, holds an oratory, built on the spot where Bute's father died. The Bute Tower held family bedrooms. The interiors of the castle are unique; as significant was its role as a training ground for British arts and crafts. Led by Burges, who took overall responsibility for every aspect of his interiors, developments in the manufacture of stained glass, in carving in wood and stone, in tiling, metalwork, textiles design and painting at the castle, saw a generation of craftsmen grow up "in the Burgesian mould".
Clock Tower.
The Clock Tower was Burges's first contribution to the castle; conceived in 1866, and planned by 1868, it was built between 1869 and 1873. The design draws on Burges's failed entry for the Royal Courts of Justice. Originally designed as a suite of bachelor rooms, the tower comprises six or seven storeys; a gardener's room cum-storeroom on the ground floor, the Winter smoking room, entered from the wall walk, Bute's Bachelor bedroom, a servant's room with clock mechanism room above that, and finally the double-height Summer smoking room. The curtain wall which connects the tower with the Black Tower was heightened by Burges, the battlements being given timber covers and a bretache. This defensive feature, which can be seen in early photographs, was subsequently removed. Internally, the rooms were sumptuously decorated with gildings, carvings and cartoons, many allegorical in style, depicting the seasons, myths and fables. The overarching decorative theme is "Time". In his "A History of The Gothic Revival", written as the tower was being built, Charles Locke Eastlake wrote of Burges's "peculiar talents (and) luxuriant fancy." The tower was complete by September 1873.
Burges planned the tower to be "a handsome object at the present entrance to the town". It gives a strong vertical accent to the south-west corner of the site. Constructed of Forest of Dean ashlar stone, the tower rises to the clock stage. The faces of the clocks are decorated with carvings representing the planets, by Thomas Nicholls. The statues were re-painted and re-gilded in a four-year restoration project begun in 2004. The interiors of the tower focus on a single theme, Time. In the Winter smoking room, stained glass windows, designed by Frederick Weekes and made by Saunders &amp; Co., depict the Norse days of the week. The wall murals depict the seasons and the sculptured corbels show the times of the day. The theme of the Bachelor bedroom is mineral wealth, a none-too subtle nod to the source of the fortune that paid for the castle's redevelopment, and astrology and alchemy. It has an early en-suite bathroom, with a sunken bath carved from Italian marble. The Summer smoking room sits at the top of the structure and is two storeys high with an internal balcony that, through an unbroken band of windows, gives views of the Cardiff Docks, the Bristol Channel, and the Glamorganshire countryside. Girouard describes it as "perhaps the strangest and most wonderful of all Victorian rooms". The floor has a map of the world in mosaic. The sculpture was created by Thomas Nicholls. The tiling used throughout the tower is "particularly striking". As with stained glass, Burges led a revival in the manufacture of encaustic tiles; working with George Maw and William Godwin, he pioneered techniques in the area which sought to replicate medieval precedents. Then, as now, Burges's designs could bewilder critics; the contemporary reviewer in "The Building News" confessed; "the portentous corbellings are of a character of design which we honestly allow we fail to comprehend".
Much of the furniture and furnishings made for the castle were removed in 1947; Cardiff City Council continues to work for their return where possible. An example is the tulip vase purchased by Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales in 2016. Burges designed four such vases to sit on the corner corbels in the Summer smoking room – they are highly architectural in design, being modelled on the Abbot's Kitchen at Marmoutier Abbey near Tours. Removed by the Butes in 1947 and subsequently sold, one is now held by the Victoria and Albert Museum, one by The Higgins Art Gallery &amp; Museum, Bedford, and the third was bought by the National Museum. The fourth was acquired by National Museums Scotland in 2017, with a grant from the National Heritage Memorial Fund, after an export bar was placed on the item in June 2016. Other examples of returned furniture include an ebonised side table designed for the Summer Smoking Room and acquired in 2007 and a glazed fire screen designed for the same room and acquired in 2012.
Guest Tower.
The Guest Tower, lying beyond the Tank Tower, is entirely Burges, replacing Henry Holland's new wing. Of seven storeys, with an octagonal stair turret, its double height, arcaded, top storey echoes the design for the Bishop's Palace at St Davids. The tower contains the site of the original kitchen at its base and above, the nursery, decorated with painted tiles depicting Aesop's Fables, and characters from nursery rhymes and children's tales including Ali Baba, Robinson Crusoe and "The Invisible Prince", depicted as an empty silhouette between two trees. The Walnut room above that has a fireplace carved with images from the story of Jack and the Beanstalk. Much of the decoration of this tower was not completed until the early 20th century, long after Burges's death.
Herbert Tower.
The Herbert Tower is of brown rubble and is Holland's work up to the third storey. Above it, Burges added two further storeys and the battlemented roof. The tower contains two of Burges's "finest miniature interiors", Bute's study and the Arab room. The latter room is one of Burges's masterpieces, John Newman describing it as "the most exotic in the castle". Its jelly-mould ceiling in a Moorish style is drawn from Burges's studies of Islamic art in Spain and Sicily, and from a book on the architecture of Cairo published in 1877. John Grant, the architect employed at the castle by the fourth Marquess, and author of a history of the building published in 1923, incorrectly stated that "the decoration is based on an actual room in Arabia", as well as repeatedly misspelling Burges's surname. As usual, Burges led on every aspect of the room's design, including the stained glass, the marbled floor and walls, the gilded parrots on the cornice, the cedar wood wall cabinets inlaid with silver and the statuettes of Eastern deities. It was the last room on which he was working when he fell ill in 1881. After his death in April of that year, Bute placed Burges's initials, together with his own, and the date, in the fireplace of the Arab Room as a memorial. The room was completed by Burges's brother-in-law, Richard Popplewell Pullan. The room is almost exactly contemporaneous with the Arab Hall constructed by Frederick, Lord Leighton in his Holland Park house and illustrates the later Victorian obsession with the Orient.
Banqueting hall, library and grand staircase.
The central part of the castle, the Beauchamp range, shows the extent of Holland's construction most clearly. The turrets visible from the courtyard are his work, except for the most southern, which was installed as part of the reconstruction of the grand staircase in 1927. The origins are late-medieval. The range comprises the library on the ground floor with the two-storey banqueting hall above it. Both rooms are enormous. The decoration of these rooms is less impressive than elsewhere in the castle, much of it being completed after Burges's death by Lonsdale, a painter “required to cover areas rather greater than his talents deserved”. 
In the Banqueting hall, the murals depict scenes from the history of the county of Glamorgan. The exploits of Robert of Gloucester formed the basis of Bute's address to the Archaeological Institute when he addressed them as President in Cardiff in 1871. A huge fireplace has a mantle depicting the castle in Norman times. Robert, Earl of Gloucester is shown leaving the castle, with his wife waving him off and trumpeters on the battlements heralding his departure. The imprisoned Robert of Normandy looks on from a barred cell window. Burges drew inspiration for the room's hammerbeam roof from Framlingham Church and St Peters, Mancroft. The hall screen was designed by Frame in 1887. 
A pair of double doors led from the hall to the grand staircase, recorded in a watercolour perspective prepared by Axel Haig. Long believed not to have been built, recent investigation has confirmed that it was constructed during Burges's time, but removed in its entirety in the 1930s, reputedly after the third Marchioness had "once slipped on its polished surface." The staircase was not universally praised in the contemporary press; the "Building News" writing that the design was "one of the least happy we have seen from Mr Burges's pencil...the contrasts of colour are more startling than pleasing."
The library, under the Banqueting hall, is extremely large, "to encompass all the interests of its polymath owner". Construction began in 1873, and concluded just after Burges's death. The chimneypiece has carved figures referring to the purpose of the room and to the Marquess, a noted linguist. Four represent the ancient Greek, Assyrian, Hebrew and Egyptian alphabets while the fifth figure is believed to represent Bute himself, clad as a Celtic monk. Desks, constructed from walnut, incorporate early radiators, decorated with heraldic motifs. Carvings in the library, as elsewhere, illustrate Burges's sense of humour, as well as his alertness to contemporary controversy. Four monkeys cavorting around the Tree of Knowledge, one stealing an apple, two wrestling over the Book of Truth, and one poring over the book in puzzlement, are his comment on Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species.
Beauchamp Tower.
The Beauchamp, or Octagon, Tower was constructed from 1876–1881. Its origin is medieval, of lias limestone, which Burges restored. The flèche which crowns the tower is of timber, covered in lead. An octagonal staircase leads to an oratory, commemorating Bute's father. The sculpture is by Fucigna. A marble bust records "On this spot John Marquess of Bute fell asleep and woke in eternity 1848". The oratory is located in a turret to the south side of the tower. In the main tower is the Chaucer Room, designed as a sitting room for Lady Bute. A double-height room, decorated with scenes from The Canterbury Tales, Newman suggests Burges used a library at the Castel Sant'Angelo in Rome as a source, which he had visited in 1877. Its elaborately carved ceiling is cited by Mark Girouard as "a superb ... example of Burges's genius in the construction of roofs." Lady Bute involved herself closely in the designs for the room, William Frame writing to one of the stained glass manufacturers; "the whole must be most carefully done as it is Lady Bute's Room. I think the best way will be to execute a panel; as Lord and Lady Bute will be here in Sept(ember) they will be able to see at once if they like it or not". The inspiration for the flèche comes from Amiens Cathedral, and recalls details from the "Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry".
Bute Tower.
The foundation stone of the Bute tower was laid on 24 April 1873. Its origin is again Holland's work, extended upwards by Burges. It includes the family's private apartments and culminates in the roof garden, with a sculpture of the Madonna by Ceccardo Fucigna. The drawing room is plain, and decorated in a simple classical style. Reputedly, Bute insisted on the walls being undecorated as it was the only room in the castle in which he could hang his collection of family portraits. The dining room, in contrast, has a full Burgesian decorative scheme, illustrating the life of Abraham. The design was another re-using of an earlier, rejected, work; in this case for Trinity College in the United States. The decoration of this room was carried out by Charles Campbell, of Campbell, Smith &amp; Co., a company formed largely as a result of Burges's encouragement. Lord Bute's bedroom contains extensive religious iconography, a mirrored ceiling and an en-suite bathroom. The windows of the bathroom are glazed with transparent alabaster. The Marquess's name, John, is repeated in Greek, ΙΩΑИΣ, along the ceiling beams. Lady Bute's bedroom is to a simpler design. The roof garden, at the top of the tower, draws inspiration from "southern Italy, not South Wales". A sunken courtyard, it contains a sculpture of the Madonna and child by Ceccardo Fucigna. The murals depict Hebraic scenes; the Marquess was learning Hebrew at the time of the garden's construction in the mid 1870s.
Landscape.
Until the 1850s, Bute Park, laid out on the site of five farms and known as Cooper's Fields, was open to the public. In 1858, Bute's mother gave Sophia Gardens to the city and Bute Park was closed and transformed into the private gardens for the castle. In the 1870s, using Andrew Pettigrew his head gardener at Mount Stuart House, Bute began the development of the gardens. Burges contributed three main elements; the Swiss Bridge, the Animal Wall and the stables. His original plan was for a pre-Raphaelite garden in the moat on the two sides of the Clock Tower facing the city. The Animal Wall provided the enclosing perimeter on the Castle Street frontage, while the Swiss Bridge gave Bute access directly from the Bute Tower into the castle park. The bridge was completed but in 1881 Burges died before the wall was anything more than a sketched plan. His assistant William Frame brought the idea to fruition, with the animal carving being undertaken by Burges' long-term sculptor Thomas Nicholls. Both structures were moved by Bute's son during developments in the 1920s and 1930s. The Animal Wall was placed in its current position at the end of Bute Park and was extended with additional sculptures by Alexander Carrick. The Swiss Bridge was moved to a new site below the Castle Mews. By the 1960s, the bridge was derelict, having suffered considerably from vandalism and Cardiff City Council had it broken up. The stables, of less interest to Bute, were built by Burges between 1868–1869 and were subsequently remodelled in the 1920s and reduced in scale by the removal of the pigeon tower in the 1960s.
Appreciation.
Burges's interiors at Cardiff Castle have been widely praised. The historian Megan Aldrich contended that Burges's interiors at Cardiff have "rarely [been] equalled, [although] he executed few buildings as his rich fantastic gothic required equally rich patrons (..) his finished works are outstanding monuments to nineteenth century gothic". J. Mordaunt Crook, Burges's biographer, described the principal rooms as "three dimensional passports to fairy kingdoms and realms of gold. In Cardiff Castle we enter a land of dreams". The architectural historian John Newman considered Cardiff, and Castell Coch, as "most successful of all the fantasy castles of the nineteenth century". The architectural writer Michael Hall described the interiors of the Clock Tower as, "some of the most magnificent that the Gothic Revival ever achieved". Charles Handley-Read, the first serious student of Burges, wrote of his work at Cardiff and Castell Coch; "I have yet to see any High Victorian interiors from the hand, very largely, of one designer, to equal either in homogeneity or completeness, in quality of execution or originality of conception the best of the interiors of the Welsh castles. For sheer power of intoxication, Burges stand[s] unrivalled".
The exterior of the castle has received a more mixed reception from critics. John Grant, who worked on the castle in the 1920s, considered the towers to present a "picturesque if not happy combination" of varying historical styles, and Adrian Pettifer criticised them as "incongruous" and excessively Gothic in style. Crook disagreed; describing the castle's silhouette, he wrote; "it performs a national function; it has become the skyline of the capital of Wales. The dream of one great patron and one great architect has almost become the symbol of a whole nation".

</doc>
<doc id="56788131" url="?curid=56788131" title="Trachusa">
Trachusa

Trachusa is a genus of leafcutter, mason, and resin bees in the family Megachilidae. There are at least 50 described species in "Trachusa".
Species.
These 57 species belong to the genus "Trachusa":

</doc>
<doc id="56788134" url="?curid=56788134" title="2018 Rwandan Cup">
2018 Rwandan Cup

he 2017–18 Rwandan Cup is the 36th season of the football cup competition of Rwanda.
The competition is organized by the Rwandese Association Football Federation (RAF) and open to all clubs in Rwanda.
Preliminary round.
The preliminary round are played on 30 January 2018.
Play-off round.
The Play-off round are played on 3 February 2018.
Round of 32.
The Round of 32 are played on 6 &amp; 7 February 2018 first legs and 21 &amp; 22 February 2018 second legs.
"1–0 on aggregate. Sorwathe FC failed to turn up for the game".
"Amagaju won with 4–1 on aggregate".
"AS Kigali won with 6–1 on aggregate".
"2–2 on aggregate. Marines qualifies on Away goal rule".
"Police won with 3–1 on aggregate".
"Bugesera won with 2–0 on aggregate".
"Musanze won with 8–1 on aggregate".
"Kiyovu Sports won with 11–3 on aggregate".
"Mukura Victory Sports won with 3–0 on aggregate".
"Pepiniere won with 4–1 on aggregate".
"AS Muhanga won with 2–1 on aggregate".
"Etincelles won with 4–0 on aggregate".
"Sunrise won with 3–0 on aggregate, after Miroplast failed to turn up for the game".
"0–0 on aggregate. La Jeunesse won 5–4, after penalties".
Round of 16.
First Legs
[Apr 2]
Mukura 3-2 AS Kigali 
Pepinière 0-1 Marines 
Espoir 2-1 Sunrise 
[Apr 3]
La Jeunesse 0-3 APR 
AS Muhanga 2-1 Amagaju 
Musanze 2-1 Police 
[Apr 4] 
Kiyovu Sports 1-1 Bugesera 
[Apr 25]
Etincelles 1-1 Rayon Sports 
Second Legs
[Apr 5]
AS Kigali 1-2 Mukura 
Sunrise 2-0 Espoir 
Marines 1-0 Pepinière 
[Apr 6]
Police 3-0 Musanze 
Bugesera 0-0 Kiyovu Sports 
APR 0-0 La Jeunesse 
Amagaju 1-0 AS Muhanga 
[May 23]
Rayon Sports 2-0 Etincelles
Quarter-finals.
First Legs
[Jul 20] 
Sunrise 2-0 Bugesera 
Mukura 1-0 Amagaju 
Police 0-0 APR 
[Jul 21] 
Marines 0-1 Rayon Sports 
Second Legs
[Jul 23] 
Amagaju 0-0 Mukura 
Bugesera 1-0 Sunrise 
[Jul 24] 
Rayon Sports 3-1 Marines 
[Jul 26] 
APR 3-0 Police
Semi-finals.
First Legs 
[Aug 3]
Mukura 0-0 APR 
[Aug 6]
Sunrise 2-1 Rayon Sports 
Second Legs 
[Aug 8]
APR 1-1 Mukura 
[Aug 9]
Rayon Sports 2-0 Sunrise
Third place match.
[Aug 12]
Sunrise 0-1 APR 
Final.
[Aug 12]
Mukura Victory Sports 0-0 (aet, 3-1 pen) Rayon Sport

</doc>
<doc id="56788141" url="?curid=56788141" title="Frances Titus">
Frances Titus

Frances Titus (1816-1894) was an American abolitionist and suffragist who is best known for being the confidante, secretary, tour director, financial manager and editor of Sojourner Truth's biography, "Narrative of Sojourner Truth." She led important reform movements as the founder of a school for freed slave men and also played a major role in local and state suffrage movements.
Early life.
Frances Titus was originally born as Frances Walling in 1816 at Charlotte, Vermont and she spent most of her childhood and teenage years in Cleveland, Ohio. Frances Titus was brought up in a Quaker household which was important to her receiving support from a large community of Quakers who were also ardent abolitionists. In October 1844, she married Captain Richard F. Titus, a native of New Rochelle, who became a sea captain at eighteen years of age. Upon her marriage to Captain Titus, Frances Titus built a new home with her husband on Maple Street. She had two sons; Richard Jr., who died when he was three years old and Samuel John, born on January 16, 1846. As her sons became older, Frances Titus was able to act on her social and religious beliefs in aiding freed black men receive education.
Social activism.
Frances Titus worked with Josephine Griffing of the Freedman's Bureau in Washington DC in December 1866 to help eight freed slave men start new lives in finding jobs and housing. In addition to her work with Ms. Griffing, Frances Titus also worked with Sojourner Truth in Rochester, New York to have freedmen resettle to that area. However, as the freedmen preferred to live in Battle Creek, Michigan, Titus helped them to relocate there. In order to help them integrate into the society in Michigan, Titus founded a school in 1867 to teach them how to read, write and to do basic arithmetic problems. Titus's students gave her a "handsome testimonial" as they greatly appreciated her efforts in teaching them.
As well as working to combat slavery, Titus worked with the women of the Suffrage Movement. She initially met with Sojourner Truth in 1856 at the Progressive Friends and began collaborating with Truth in 1867 and bought a barn from William Merritt which she remodeled into a home. Even though Truth concentrated her efforts on the Suffrage Movement around the east coast and Kansas and Titus focused on the Suffrage Movement in Michigan, they still kept in contact. Titus played a major role in being one of the founders of the Michigan Suffrage Association.

</doc>
<doc id="56788144" url="?curid=56788144" title="Israeli segregation Wall">
Israeli segregation Wall


</doc>
<doc id="56788150" url="?curid=56788150" title="Alice Hall">
Alice Hall

Alice Hall (June 1917 – 2000, born Alice Marie Laquiere in Brussels, Belgium) was a jazz accordionist. She released a single recording in 1949.
Early life.
Hall was raised in Detroit, Michigan, after her family emigrated. Her father was a musician who taught her drums and accordion so she could accompany him on stage. She played European-style chromatic button accordion with a "finto-piano" (false piano) keyboard similar to that used by vaudeville accordionist Pietro Frosini and jazz accordionist Leon Sash.
She began working professionally at age 13 on the radio in Detroit. To ensure she had places to perform, her father opened a bar, the Blue Star, where he could watch over her. She started a band with her sister Rachel playing drums and accordion. During World War II they were advertised in "Billboard" as "2 Boys, 2 Girls, Sax, Piano, Accordion, drums."
Career.
Benny Goodman invited her to on tour, but the club owner where she was playing refused to release her contract. She declined when Jack Teagarden asked her to join his orchestra, explaining later, "Playing with a big band, you know how many chances you get to play sixteen bars of something or eight bars of something and that's it? You know, there's nothing there... I wanted to prove that something can be done on this instrument, other than playing just the ordinary, 'Jolly Caballero' stuff, you know?"
Hall left minimal recordings, saying in a 1997 NPR interview that she had been "too busy gigging to record much."
She signed with Capitol Records in 1948 but her recording was delayed by the 1948 Musicians Union recording ban, which followed the larger 1942–44 musicians' strike. She released one known commercial 78 rpm disc, "Pennies from Heaven"/"Caravan" on Capitol in 1949. A copy of her 78 is in the holdings of a Swedish accordion museum ("dragspel"). Hall later taped several demos and these and some rough live recordings were self-released in the 1990s.
Later life.
In the 1970s Hall dropped out of music and checked herself into a hospital for depression. She spent the rest of her life dedicated to the instrument and supporting other accordion players. She published the "Friends of the Accordion" newsletter in Los Angeles. Her version of "What Is This Thing Called Love?" was included in the 1995 Planet Squeezebox compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="56788155" url="?curid=56788155" title="Triarius (beetle)">
Triarius (beetle)

Triarius is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are about seven described species in "Triarius". They are found in North America and Mexico.
Species.
These seven species belong to the genus "Triarius":

</doc>
<doc id="56788166" url="?curid=56788166" title="Giva’ Ben Yamin">
Giva’ Ben Yamin


</doc>
<doc id="56788168" url="?curid=56788168" title="Simone Bagel-Trah">
Simone Bagel-Trah

Simone Bagel-Trah (born 1969) is a German businesswoman and Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Shareholders' Committee of Henkel.
Early life and education.
Bagel-Trah's mother is Anja Bohlan, an economist and academic who published several books. Her father is Fritz Bagel. Bagel-Trah is a great-great-granddaughter of the Henkel founder Fritz Henkel.
She graduated from the Max Planck Gymnasium in Düsseldorf in 1988. From 1988 to 1993 she studied biology at the University of Bonn. In 1998, she received her doctorate.
Career.
From 1998 to 2000 Bagel-Trah worked as an independent consultant for project management in the field of microbiology and pharmacy. In 2000, she became Managing Partner of Antiinfectives Intelligence GmbH in Rheinbach. She is a founding member of the since 6 December 2007 existing University Council of Heinrich Heine University of Düsseldorf.
Since 30 April 2001, Bagel-Trah has been a member of the Supervisory Board of Henkel AG &amp; Co. KGaA. As of 14 April 2008, she was the deputy chairman. On 22 September 2009, she took over the chairmanship, making her the first woman on this position in a DAX-listed company. At the same time she also became Chairman of the Shareholders' Committee, whose members include non-family managers also five Henkel heirs and which combines the interests of the three Henkel family members. Since 28 April 2014 she is member of the Supervisory Board of Bayer AG.
Awards.
Bagel-Trah was named as one of the "75 most influential women in German Business" by "Manager Magazin" and Boston Consulting Group (BCG) in 2017.
In 2020, she was honored by the strategy consulting firm Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and the business magazine "Manager Magazin" as the most influential woman in German business of 2019 and named "Prima inter Pares 2019".
Personal life.
Simone Bagel-Trah ist married to Christoph Trah (* 1966). Together they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="56788193" url="?curid=56788193" title="GIX">
GIX


</doc>
<doc id="56788206" url="?curid=56788206" title="Sir Edmund Prideaux, 1st Baronet of Ford Abbey">
Sir Edmund Prideaux, 1st Baronet of Ford Abbey


</doc>
<doc id="56788208" url="?curid=56788208" title="1855 Cardigan Boroughs by-election">
1855 Cardigan Boroughs by-election

The Cardigan Boroughs by-election of 1855 was fought in February 1855. The byelection arose because of the death of the incumbent Liberal MP, Pryse Loveden. It was won by the Conservative candidate John Lloyd Davies. Davies defeated the Liberal candidate, John Evans, former MP for Haverfordwest.
Background.
For nearly forty years, the seat had been held by members of the Pryse family of Gogerddan. Pryse Pryse served from 1816 until his death in 1849 and was succeeded by his son, Pryse Loveden. Loveden died in 1855 at an early age.
Candidates.
John Lloyd Davies was first in the field. There were also rumours that Thomas Lloyd of Bronwydd would be a candidate.
At the hustings at Cardigan, Lloyd Davies criticized his opponent fear being the candidate of the Gogerddan interest, and stated that he would not have stood had a member of the Pryse family chosen to do so. He also expressed sympathy with those who objected to church rates. This may have gained sympathy in a traditionally Liberal seat
Result.
Davies secured a narrow majority of twelve votes. At the following General Election he was opposed by Edward Pryse and withdrew his candidature prior to the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="56788212" url="?curid=56788212" title="Potsdam Charlottenhof station">
Potsdam Charlottenhof station

Potsdam Charlottenhof is a railway station in the city of Potsdam, the state capital of Brandenburg, Germany. The ensemble is a protected monument.

</doc>
<doc id="56788216" url="?curid=56788216" title="Shi’ar BenYamin">
Shi’ar BenYamin


</doc>
<doc id="56788223" url="?curid=56788223" title="Racquel">
Racquel


</doc>
<doc id="56788225" url="?curid=56788225" title="Triopasites">
Triopasites

Triopasites is a genus of cuckoo bees in the family Apidae. There are at least two described species in "Triopasites".
Species.
These two species belong to the genus "Triopasites":

</doc>
<doc id="56788230" url="?curid=56788230" title="Sir Edmund Prideaux, 2nd Baronet of Ford Abbey">
Sir Edmund Prideaux, 2nd Baronet of Ford Abbey


</doc>
<doc id="56788238" url="?curid=56788238" title="List of number-one country singles of 1980 (U.S.)">
List of number-one country singles of 1980 (U.S.)


</doc>
<doc id="56788248" url="?curid=56788248" title="1980 Australia Day Honours">
1980 Australia Day Honours

The Australia Day Honours 1980 were announced on 26 January 1980 by the Governor General of Australia, Sir Zelman Cowen.
The Australia Day Honours are the first of the two major annual honours lists, announced on Australia Day (26 January), with the other being the Queen's Birthday Honours which are announced on the second Monday in June.

</doc>
<doc id="56788260" url="?curid=56788260" title="List of Trypoxylon species">
List of Trypoxylon species

This is a list of 636 species in the genus "Trypoxylon".

</doc>
<doc id="56788269" url="?curid=56788269" title="Steerable parachute">
Steerable parachute


</doc>
<doc id="56788289" url="?curid=56788289" title="Tumidagena">
Tumidagena

Tumidagena is a genus of delphacid planthoppers in the family Delphacidae. There are at least three described species in "Tumidagena".
Species.
These three species belong to the genus "Tumidagena":

</doc>
<doc id="56788290" url="?curid=56788290" title="Servius Cornelius Maluginensis Cossus">
Servius Cornelius Maluginensis Cossus


</doc>
<doc id="56788296" url="?curid=56788296" title="Mayor Pro Tem of Aliso Viejo, California">
Mayor Pro Tem of Aliso Viejo, California


</doc>
<doc id="56788303" url="?curid=56788303" title="Deputy Mayor of Aliso Viejo, California">
Deputy Mayor of Aliso Viejo, California


</doc>
<doc id="56788309" url="?curid=56788309" title="Serbian Voivodeship (disambiguation)">
Serbian Voivodeship (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56788312" url="?curid=56788312" title="Tychius">
Tychius

Tychius is a genus of leguminous seed weevils in the family Curculionidae. There are at least 630 described species in "Tychius".

</doc>
<doc id="56788318" url="?curid=56788318" title="List of Tychius species">
List of Tychius species

This is a list of 631 species in the genus "Tychius".

</doc>
<doc id="56788321" url="?curid=56788321" title="WarioWare Gold">
WarioWare Gold

WarioWare Gold is a minigame compilation co-developed by Nintendo EPD and Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS family of video game consoles. The ninth installment in the "WarioWare" series, it was released in PAL regions in July 2018, and in North America and Japan the following month. The game's plot follows the greedy Wario who has organized a gaming tournament for a large cash prize, with the ultimate goal of claiming the money for himself. Meanwhile, various other "WarioWare" characters deal with other problems which play out in the form of short stories.
Similar to previous entries, in "WarioWare Gold", the player is tasked with completing consecutive "microgames" at increasing paces. "Gold" features both microgames from past entries in the series and some new ones for a total of over 300 microgames, the most featured in the series to date. After completing the story mode, additional modes such as the challenge mode are unlocked. The game's creative director, Goro Abe, put careful planning in determining which 300 of the 1,100 microgames across the series would be featured. "Gold" also featured voice acting, a first for the series. Intelligent Systems focused less on collectible items and more on core programming after deeming them not as important. 
"Gold" received generally positive reviews, being praised for its graphics, additional modes, and the introduction of voice acting. Reception of its various collectibles was split, with some finding them worthwhile while others on the contrary. The game sold poorly at first but later spiked in 2020 in the United Kingdom. A follow up for the Nintendo Switch, "", released in 2021.
Gameplay.
As is tradition for a "WarioWare" game, the player is tasked with completing "microgames"—various minigames with very short time limits—in rapid succession. When one is complete, a point is given, and the game moves on to the next. If a microgame is completed incorrectly, or the time runs out, the player loses one of four lives. If they run out of lives, the game ends and the high score is displayed, which is determined by how many microgames were passed. When a section of microgames is completed, the player will complete a boss microgame. After which, the minigames can be replayed and will begin to speed up the time allotted. 
As a collection game, most microgames that appear have once existed in a previous title in the "WarioWare" series. These include , ', ', "", "D.I.Y.", and "Game &amp; Wario", in addition to some new ones for a total of over 300 microgames. The microgames vary in how they are completed. They involve pressing buttons, tilting the system, touching the touch screen, and blowing on the system's microphone. 
"Gold" features full voice acting in the story mode, a first for the series, with an additional unlockable feature allowing players to redub their own voice over the game's cutscenes. Alongside the story mode, there are missions for the player to complete that awards them with coins that can be used to purchase rewards such as additional minigames. The challenge mode is one of the multiple modes unlocked after completing the story mode. In the challenge mode, the microgames are reintroduced alongside various distractions and complications to the original format. For example, sometimes the screen will be covered in ink or other objects to obscure vision. There's also a local multiplayer mode where players compete in an endurance competition of who can complete the most minigames in succession.
Plot.
Having run out of money following a treasure hunt in the village of Luxeville, the greedy Wario decides to organize a gaming tournament in Diamond City, convincing his friends to design some new microgames for the event. For an entry fee of ten thousand coins, he offers a ten million coin prize to the tournament's winner, although he secretly plots to take all the prize money for himself. While the player competes in the tournament, a girl from Luxeville named Lulu calls Wario out and begins training to challenge him, seeking to retrieve a treasure Wario stole from her village. The rest of the game consists of self-contained vignettes for all of Wario's friends; these range from Mona meeting with Joe and trying to find a dress to wear for her party, to Dribble and Spitz fighting off UFOs with their space-faring taxi, to 18-Volt engaging in a rap battle with newcomer 13-Amp to win back a stolen game console.
In the game's final level, Wario refuses to give the player the prize money, as he already declared himself as the winner of the tournament. Putting Luxeville's treasure (a large golden pot) on top of his head, the pot grants him special powers and turns him into "Wario Deluxe". With Lulu's help, the player manages to beat Wario Deluxe and win the tournament, knocking the pot off Wario's head and changing him back to normal in the process. Returning the pot to Lulu after she reveals that it is actually Luxeville's public toilet, Wario attempts to flee with the money he made from the tournament when he is intercepted by his friends. Taking the money Wario refused to pay them for their work and splitting it evenly, the player receives their entry fee back and the group even decides to share some of the money with Wario as well. Lulu returns to Luxeville with the pot afterward, only to learn that the townspeople had bought a new high-tech toilet in her absence.
Development.
"WarioWare Gold" was developed for the Nintendo 3DS by Intelligent Systems, the developers behind most previous "WarioWare" titles, and published by Nintendo. According to Goro Abe, the game's creative director, despite most microgames appearing in prior titles in the series, many of them were reworked from scratch. Since "Gold" consists of over 300 microgames with the series totaling over 1,100, Abe surveyed opinions from the staff of Intelligent Systems on which microgames the series should include. After he determined the results, he ranked the microgames based on the top picks from the staff, as well as which ones had easy-to-understand rules and games that have not aged well. One of the new gameplay additions was the split-screen challenge mode; this involved the use of the dual screens of the Nintendo 3DS where after one microgame was completed, it would immediately switch over to the other screen. This was a concept Intelligent Systems had wanted to implement since the Nintendo DS, but the idea proved too taxing on the hardware at the time.
Full voice acting was included for the first time in the series, as the development team felt that it would lead to a deeper connection between the player and the game. They also believe the change made the characters feel more alive, although Abe stated future games would not necessarily have full voice acting. Wario for instance was voiced by longtime actor Charles Martinet in English-speaking countries. While the game was released after the launch of the Nintendo Switch, Abe ruled out porting "WarioWare Gold" to the platform, stating it would "come with a number of issues" and that it would be difficult to reproduce "the same sense of fun".
Speaking about the unlockable souvenirs, Abe explained that while ' and ' featured a large number of collectibles centered around the gyro and touchscreen as both technologies were still fairly novel at the time, the team felt such unlockables were unnecessary for "Gold" due to how commonplace both forms of inputs had become. He also explained that with the given time constraints, they preferred to focus on extras that did not require as much programming effort, like the Records. In a 2018 interview with "Game Informer", Abe explained that the future of the "WarioWare" series would be placed on the reception of "Gold".
"WarioWare Gold" was announced during a Nintendo Direct broadcast on March 8, 2018. The game released in Europe on July 27, 2018, North America on August 3, 2018, and Japan a day prior. Shortly before release on June 5, a free demo of the game was available on the Nintendo 3DS eShop.
Reception.
"WarioWare Gold" received "generally favorable reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic, receiving a 78/100 based on 45 critic reviews.
Despite being a collection of microgames across the series, critics such as "Nintendo Life" and "IGN" appreciated the additional work done by Intelligent Systems. In addition, they found the old microgames to be reworked so well they often could not tell the new and the old apart from each other. "Nintendo Life"s Steve Bowling mentioning how "say[ing] that WarioWare Gold is a mere 'best of' collection would be unfair". Most lauded the introduction of voice acting, with Christian Donlan of "Eurogamer" joking how the addition, alongside a new graphics style "could, conceivably, be the only thing that's been missing from your life until now." James O'Connor, writing for "GameSpot", admired Charles Martinet's impression of Wario; he wrote how he "imbues Wario with a sense of pride and malice here that's a delight to witness."
Some saw the addition of microgames being organized into categories to be a helpful addition, which helped with not having to constantly switch between control schemes such as tapping and button pressing. "Nintendo Life" found the concept to be helpful when playing in areas where they were constricted in space or the use of the microphone.
Reviewers praised the challenge mode and the unique twists they made on the microgames after completing the main storyline. O'Connor found the concepts to be "tense and exciting", and Bowling saw the experience as "fast, fun and chaotic in the best way". Tristan Ogilvie of "IGN", however, sometimes considered hindrances to be rather annoying instead of challenging or unique.
Collectibles received mixed reception; "Game Informer"s Kyle Hilliard enjoyed the system and called them "worthwhile pursuits", and while he did find some to be more entertaining than others, he praised the system for being unique. Donlan called the collection aspect a fun system to participate in after completing the story mode. Reviewers at "Famitsu" saw collectibles as neat additions after completing the short story mode. "Kotaku" found the collectibles to be of varying quality, ranging from fun time-wasters to barely interesting at all. Similarly, "IGN" and "ArsTechnica" believed the collectibles were, for the most part, not worth having to constantly replay old microgames.
Sales.
"WarioWare Gold" released on August 3, 2018, leaving only two days for it to top the NPD sales charts. The game didn't make the top 20 list and only reached third on their Nintendo 3DS charts, behind "Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon". According to Jeff Grubb of "VentureBeat", reaching the top spot in two days would have been possible for a new game; he attributed the lack of sales due to the release of Nintendo's new home console, the Nintendo Switch. In Japan, "Gold" sold 30,000 copies at launch and had reached 93,000 physical copies sold by its last week on the Media Create sales charts. In sales charts in the UK later on in January 2020, the game began to slowly drop down and stayed in the 827th position. However, the game peaked at fifth place, about 2 years after release.
References.
Attribution

</doc>
<doc id="56788325" url="?curid=56788325" title="St Joseph's College of Commerce, Bangalore">
St Joseph's College of Commerce, Bangalore


</doc>
<doc id="56788328" url="?curid=56788328" title="William Mackey Cruikshank">
William Mackey Cruikshank

William Mackey Cruikshank (7 November 1870 – 23 February 1943) was a United States army officer. He mainly served with the United States artillery and participated in military conflicts during the Spanish–American War and World War I.
Early life and education.
Cruikshank was born in Washington, D.C. on 7 November 1870 to John C. Cruikshank and Euphrasia Antisell. He attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he was a classmate of future Chief of Cavalry Herbert Ball Crosby, and graduated in 1893. Later in 1903, Cruikshank graduated from the School of Submarine Defense at Willet's Point, New York. He also graduated from the Army War College in 1920.
Military career.
After graduating, Cruikshank was commissioned as second lieutenant in the 2nd Artillery on June 12, 1893. He taught mathematics at West Point from 1895 until 1898, when he took part in the Santiago Campaign of the Spanish–American War, after which returned to teaching from 1898–1899. Cruikshank was later stationed as artillery engineer at Fort Howard in Maryland from 1904–1907, until he went to the Philippines to serve as adjutant of the 5th Field Artillery from 1907–1909. Shortly after the United States' entry into World War I, Cruikshank was promoted to colonel on May 15, 1917. Cruikshank arrived in France with the 1st Infantry Division, where he commanded their field artillery regiment. He served in this capacity until 1918, when he was promoted to Brigadier General of the National Army. He then commanded the 3rd Field Artillery of the 3rd Infantry Division. Later that same year, Cruikshank also served with the 4th Corps of the American Expeditionary Force as Chief of Artillery. After the end of the war, Cruikshank remained in Europe as part of the occupation forces in Germany until 1919. For his service during the war in Europe, Cruikshank received the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States and the Legion of Honor from France. After his return to the United States, he served on the General Staff Corps from 1920–1924. Later Cruikshank was commandant at the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma from 1930 until his retirement on 30 November 1934.
Personal life and death.
On April 30, 1904, Cruikshank married Cornelia Baird Holabird, the granddaughter of General Samuel B. Holabird and daughter of architect William Holabird. They were the parents of a daughter, Mary Holabird Cruikshank. He was an Episcopalian and member of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion. Cruikshank died on 23 February 1943 in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="56788331" url="?curid=56788331" title="Genocidaires">
Genocidaires


</doc>
<doc id="56788335" url="?curid=56788335" title="Aman Kabourou">
Aman Kabourou


</doc>
<doc id="56788337" url="?curid=56788337" title="Bob LaForest">
Bob LaForest


</doc>
<doc id="56788342" url="?curid=56788342" title="An Ordinary Man (book)">
An Ordinary Man (book)


</doc>
<doc id="56788344" url="?curid=56788344" title="Vulsirea">
Vulsirea

Vulsirea is a genus of stink bugs in the family Pentatomidae. There are at least two described species in "Vulsirea".
Species.
These two species belong to the genus "Vulsirea":

</doc>
<doc id="56788360" url="?curid=56788360" title="Dawson Cram">
Dawson Cram

Dawson Cram (born September 12, 2001) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He competes full-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No. 41 Chevrolet Silverado for Cram Racing Enterprises.
Racing career.
Early career.
In 2007, at the age of five, Cram started racing in Mini Dwarf race cars in his hometown at the time, San Diego, California. He later moved to Mooresville, North Carolina and started to race in the INEX Bandolero Series. After winning 13 times in Bandoleros, he made the move to Legend Cars in 2014. His racing slate in 2017 included various starts in Legends cars, Super Trucks and late models in the Whelen All-American Series and an attempt at a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series event.
NASCAR.
On October 24, 2017, Cram was announced to be driving for Cram Racing Enterprises in the No. 11 truck at Martinsville Speedway in the 2017 Texas Roadhouse 200. A blown engine during practice ended the team's weekend, forcing the No. 11 team and Cram to withdraw.
He returned to Martinsville in spring 2018, driving for Beaver Motorsports. In his first race with live pit stops, Cram accidentally hit a crew member on his first pit stop and climbed to a 17th-place finish on the lead lap. Cram's third attempt was also at Martinsville; this time it was a joint effort between his family Cram Racing Enterprises and Copp Motorsports. He finished 24th and also ran the next race on the schedule at ISM Raceway in the No. 83.
In 2020, Cram served as a mechanic for the No. 6 NASCAR Xfinity Series team of JD Motorsports. He also ran Truck races for Long Motorsports and Reaume Brothers Racing. Cram left Long Motorsports in August for financial reasons, but later purchased the team and ran the No. 41 under the Cram Racing Enterprises banner for the rest of the 2020 Truck season.
Ahead of the 2021 Truck season, Cram voiced his plans to run the full schedule. In July, he joined Mike Harmon Racing for his NASCAR Xfinity Series debut at New Hampshire Motor Speedway.
Personal life.
Cram's father Kevin Cram is a former crew chief in all three NASCAR national series and his uncle Clinton Cram is still in the profession, crew chiefing Dawson's first Truck attempt.
Motorsports career results.
NASCAR.
Camping World Truck Series.
 Season still in progress&lt;br&gt;
 Ineligible for series points

</doc>
<doc id="56788367" url="?curid=56788367" title="Xanthochroa">
Xanthochroa

Xanthochroa is a genus of false blister beetles in the family Oedemeridae. There are about seven described species in "Xanthochroa".
Species.
These seven species belong to the genus "Xanthochroa":

</doc>
<doc id="56788376" url="?curid=56788376" title="Intermediate moisture food">
Intermediate moisture food

Intermediate moisture foods (IMF) are shelf-stable products that have water activities of 0.6-0.84, with a moisture content ranging from 15% - 40% and are edible without rehydration. These food products are below the minimum water activity for most bacteria (0.90), but are susceptible to yeast and mold growth. Historically, ancient civilizations would produce IMF using methods such as sun drying, roasting over fire and adding salt to preserve food for winter months or when preparing for travel. Currently, this form of processing is achieved by using one of four methods: partial drying, osmotic drying using a humectant, dry infusion and by formulation. A variety of products are classified as IMF such as dried fruits, sugar added commodities, marshmallows, and pie fillings.
Shelf-life and safety.
The purpose of IMF foods is to achieve a water activity that the food can be stored safely without refrigeration. However, the food is not sterile. "Staphylococcus aureus" is a microorganism of concern as it can grow and produce specific enterotoxins in water activities of 0.83-0.86 under aerobic conditions. Because of this, proper handling, storage, hygiene and good manufacturing practices are necessary to prevent "Staphylococcus aureus." Molds of "Aspergillis and Penicillium" species can grow and produce harmful mycotoxins at water activity 0.77-0.85. "Salmonella" and "Bacillus cereus" are the primary pathogens of concern with low-moisture foods and IMFs. Most illnesses associated with low-moisture foods or IMFs have been caused by "Salmonella" spp. To reduce the risk of bacterial growth, products are treated with a combination of low pH, addition of sugar, salt and preservatives, and a thermal process that can eliminate pathogens and extend shelf-life. In the case of yeasts and molds, chemical preservatives such as sorbates and propionates are used to inhibit their growth.
Processing.
Partial drying.
To achieve 0.6-0.84 water activity in food products, partial drying is employed for raw food that naturally have a high amount of humectants such as raisins, apricots, prunes and sultanas. Humectants are solutes (such as sugar or salt) that immobilize water in food. The drying process removes free water, and the humectants in the product bind the rest of the water, not allowing it to be utilized for chemical reactions or for microbial use.
Osmotic drying using a humectant.
Osmotic dehydration is the process of soaking food in highly concentrated solutions of humectant. Salt and sugar are commonly used humectants for this process. Water diffusion from the food to the humectant solution is caused by osmotic pressure. The water is replaced by the humectant, which results in a lowered water activity for the food product. Osmotic dehydration process results in two way mass transfer in regards to the moisture lost and the solids gained, with moisture loss being much greater than the addition of solids. Advantages of osmotic dehydration include low processing temperatures, short drying times, and 20-30% lower energy consumption than typical dehydration processes. Sugar is used as the humectant for candied intermediate moisture fruits, and salt is used for intermediate moisture vegetables and fish. Additionally, a mixture of humectants can be formulated to manipulate the sensory properties of the food product. Osmotic drying using a humectant results in a soft texture in the final product.
Dry infusion.
Dry infusion is the combination of partial dehydration and osmotic dehydration using a humectant. The food product is first dehydrated and then the resultant product is added to a humectant solution to reach the desired water activity. This method is desirable because it results in a higher quality and more appealing product. However, more energy is used for this method because it is two processing steps combined. Dry infusion is primarily employed by the U.S military and NASA for production of IMF to produce safe, palatable food that can be consumed much later than it is produced.
Formulated intermediate moisture foods.
Many types of food are specially formulated to achieve water activity in the IMF range. Food ingredients are mixed with salt and/or sugar, and additives (such as propylene glycol and potassium sorbate) and then subjected to processing methods such as cooking, extrusion or dehydration to result in an intermediate moisture final product. Examples of formulated IMF are confectioneries and pet food.
Applications.
Fruits and vegetables.
Sugar is added to fruit to protect against microbial contamination and reduce water activity in the fruit. This allows the fruit to be more stable at room temperature. Some examples are strawberries, prunes, peaches, apricots, and pineapples. IMF blueberries are prepared by osmotic dehydration. They are soaked in sugar for one to two days followed by a freeze drying process until the desired moisture level is reached.
Meat.
Fermented meats, sausage, jerky, and corned beef can last many months without refrigeration. Pastirma is a beef product that is often eaten raw in the Middle East and Mediterranean countries. It is made from the hindquarter of beef cattle. Pastirma is a type of intermediate moisture food and can be stored for several months in humid climates. The meat is salted and dried to reduce water activity and increase microbial safety. Additionally, nitrites are added for preservation. The final product has 5% salt and a moisture content between 30-35%.
Pet food.
Semi-moist pet food such as chewy dog treats and soft cat treats are shelf-stable, soft and do not have a high moisture content. Ingredients added to intermediate moisture pet food to achieve lower water activity are soy flakes and wheat flour in addition to solutes such as glycerol, salt, and sugar. Processing techniques such as extrusion are employed to attain the final intermediate moisture pet food. Intermediate moisture pet food are convenient products because they leave less odor and are less messy than canned wet pet food. Additionally, they have been found to be more palatable to pets than dry pet food products.
Baked goods and confectioneries.
Cakes are considered to be intermediate moisture foods because of their moisture content (18-28%), and have low enough water activity that preserve the safety and quality. Some examples of baked goods and confectionery that come under this category are fruit cakes, pie fillings, candies, marshmallows, jams, pizza crust. Tutti Fruiti is a candy-like product that can be made from a variety of fruit, most commonly papaya. Raw pieces of unripe papaya are boiled and layered with sucrose until reaching 68 degrees brix. The solution is then air dried until a moisture content of 25.7% is reached.
Advantages.
Intermediate moisture foods utilize hurdle technology by lowering water activity, reducing pH and using preservatives. Most bacteria do not grow under a water activity of 0.90 and IMF processing methods reduce water activity to 0.60-0.84. IMFs are often ready-to-eat and do not require refrigeration. This is especially important in countries with tropical climates and minimal storage and processing capacities. Nitrites and sulfites are added to food to prolong shelf life and delay flavor and color changes. Propylene glycol reduces water activity and acts as a plasticizing agent to give food its desired texture. Compared to canning, dehydration, and freezing, IMF food processing is less rigorous and results in less nutrient loss. This is because compared to other processing techniques, IMF processes are at lower temperatures, pressures, and there is no water leaching of nutrients. Additionally, IMF production is more energy efficient compared to conventional processes including canning and freezing since IMFs do not require refrigeration. The energy required for canning and freezing is costly, thus IMF are common in developing countries.
Concerns.
Since microbes, namely "Salmonella" and "Bacillus cereus," can persist in IMFs, other hurdles including reduction in pH and the use of preservatives is not unusual. However, additives such as nitrites and sulfites are associated with health concerns. Nitrites have a negative connotation in the food industry since they can combine with secondary amines to form nitrosamines, which are carcinogenic. Nitrites are linked to an increase risk in cancer and heart disease. Sulfite is another additive that is commonly avoided due to people having a sensitivity to sulfites. Yeast and mold are not fully inhibited by IMF processing because these microorganisms can tolerate water activity as low as 0.80. Browning can occur during storage of Intermediate moisture fruits and vegetables. Finally, sugar used commonly added as a humectant increases the caloric value of the food.

</doc>
<doc id="56788377" url="?curid=56788377" title="Xin Lu">
Xin Lu

Xin Lu is a Professor of Cancer Biology and Director of the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research at the University of Oxford. She is known for her discovery of and research on the ASPP family of proteins.
Education.
Xin Lu completed her undergraduate education in Biochemistry at Sichuan University in 1982 and her masters degree in Cell and Molecular Biology at the Cancer Institute, Peking Union Medical College &amp; Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences in 1985. She moved to University College London (UCL) to complete her PhD studies supervised by Birgit Lane, and published her thesis "A study of intermediate filament formation using retrovirus-mediated gene transfer" in 1991.
Research and Career.
In 1993, after a short postdoc with David Lane at Dundee University, she joined the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research (LICR), which was based at St Mary's Hospital, Imperial College London and set up her own research group. In 2004 Lu was appointed Director of Research at Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research London Branch, and Professor of Cancer Biology at University College London. In 2007 she moved the institute to Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="56788382" url="?curid=56788382" title="Xeropsamobeus">
Xeropsamobeus

Xeropsamobeus is a genus of aphodiine dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae. There are about 10 described species in "Xeropsamobeus".
Species.
These 10 species belong to the genus "Xeropsamobeus":

</doc>
<doc id="56788383" url="?curid=56788383" title="Electronics right to repair">
Electronics right to repair

The right to repair electronics refers to proposed legislation that would provide the practical means for equipment owners to repair their devices, and not a new legal right. Advocates observe that while repair is legal under copyright law and patent law, owners are often prohibited from making their own repairs or hiring technicians they trust to help by manufacturer limitations on access to repair materials such as parts, tools, diagnostics, documentation and firmware.
Proposed legislation has taken note of the specific power of State Governments in the US to require both fair and reasonable contracts ("UDAP") law and General Business Law which allows states to make specific requirements of businesses seeking to do business within their borders. Additionally, under US Law, the Federal Trade Commission has the specific authority to restrict UDAP violations.
While a global concern, the primary debate over the issue has been centered on the United States and within the European Union. Additional efforts are now ongoing in Canada and Australia. Volunteer groups such as the Repair Cafe movement started by Martine Postma are also active promoters of repair rights.
Definition.
With the beginning of the Digital Age and the universal availability of consumer electronics such as computers, tablets and smartphones the concept of the Right to Repair Movement tries to render such devices easy and cheap to repair with the goal of prolonging their lifespan favouring repair over replacement in the spirit of circular economy.
Many factors affect the lifespan of electronic devices:
The right to repair movement tries to address these issues by proposing legislation obligating manufacturers to allow access to spare parts and repair tools at fair market prices and design devices in a manor that allows easy repair. While initially right to repair legislation was mostly focussed on the automotive industry and respective after sales parts, it became an increasing issue also in regards to electronic devices given their widespread application and the increase in electronic waste. Today it's estimated that more than half of the population of the western world has one or more used or broken electronic devices at home that are not introduced back into the market due to a lack of affordable repair.
Efforts by Manufacturers to harden devices against independent repair.
Product Design.
Many modern electronic devices have components that are glued in place or attached in a way that makes them difficult to remove.
Part Pairing.
Manufacturers instead, found new ways to lock devices practically circumventing owners rights to repair: practices like part pairing (components of a device are serialized and can not be swapped against others), became increasingly popular among manufacturers. Even the most common repairs such as the replacement of a smartphone display cause to malfunction due to locks implemented in the software. Apple, the manufacturer of the iPhone for example started to gradually restrict the swap of displays starting with warning messages on older devices down to straight forward removing security features such as Face ID if the display was not swapped by a manufacturer authorized repair facility. While this trend was initially started in the agricultural sector by tractor manufacturer John Deere, it became a widespread phenomenon in consumer electronics over the past 5 years.
Right to repair by jurisdiction.
European Union.
In the 2010s the trend of making one's repairs to devices spread from the east into the Western Europe. In July 2017, the European Parliament approved recommendations that member states should pass laws that give consumers the right to repair their electronics, as part of a larger update to its previous Ecodesign Directive from 2009 which called for manufacturers to produce more energy-efficient and cleaner consumer devices. The ability to repair devices is seen by these recommendations as a means to reduce waste to the environment.
With these recommendations, work began on establishing the legal Directive for the EU to support the recommendations, and from which member states would then pass laws to meet the Directive. One of the first areas of focus was consumer appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines. Some were assembled using adhesives instead of mechanical fasteners which made it impossible for consumers or repair technicians from making non-destructive repairs. The right-to-repair facets of appliances were a point of contention between consumer groups and appliance manufacturers in Europe, the latter who lobbied the various national governments to gain favorable language in the Directive. Ultimately, the EU passed legislation in October 2019 that, after 2021, required manufacturers of these appliances to be able to supply replacement parts to professional repairmen for ten years from manufacture. The legislation did not address other facets related to right-to-repair, and activists noted that this still limited the consumer's ability to perform their own repairs.
The EU also has directives toward a circular economy which are aimed toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions and other excessive wastes through recycling and other programs. A new "Circular Economy Action Plan" draft introduced in 2020 includes the electronics right to repair for EU citizens as this would allow device owners to replace only malfunctioning parts rather than replace the entire device, reducing electronics waste. The Action Plan includes additional standardization that would aid toward rights to repair, such as common power ports on mobile devices.
United Kingdom.
The British government introduced Right to Repair law that went into effect on July 1, 2021. Under the law, electronic appliance manufacturers are required to be able to provide consumers with spare parts for "simple and safe" repairs, such as a door hinge for a washing machine, while requiring manufacturers to make other parts available to professional repair shops for more complicated parts. The law gave companies a two-year grace period to come into compliance.
France.
France has taken a somewhat different approach than the EU in general and has adopted a requirement that manufacturers contribute to a repairabiity scoring system The scope of the system is limited at this time and the results are not yet audited, although both auditing and expansion are contemplated. The goal is to allow consumers to consider repair as a buying criteria before making a purchase. This has already resulted in the disclosure of repair documentation that had previously not been widely available - at least in the case of Samsung.
United States.
General Background.
The right to repair concept has generally come from the United States. The earliest known published reference using the phrase comes from the auto industry dating back to 2003 with repeated attempts in the US Congress to pass legislation. Within the automotive industry, Massachusetts passed the United States' first Motor Vehicle Owners' Right to Repair Act in 2012, which required automobile manufacturers to sell the same service materials and diagnostics directly to consumers or to independent mechanics as they provide exclusively to their dealerships. The Massachusetts statute was the first to pass among several states, such as New Jersey, which had also passed a similar bill through their Assembly. Facing the potential of a variety of slightly different requirements, major automobile trade organizations signed a Memorandum of Understanding in January 2014 using the Massachusetts' law as the basis of their agreement for all 50 states starting in the 2018 automotive year. A similar agreement was reached by the Commercial Vehicle Solutions Network to apply to over-the-road trucks.
Digital Right to Repair Coalition.
Officially founded in 2013 - the Digital Right to Repair Coalition, also known as The Repair Association using the website repair.org, has led nearly all state legislative efforts in the United States and has influenced the formation of similarly focused advocacy groups around the world. The Coalition is a 501 c6 trade association incorporated in New Jersey and funded entirely by membership dues. The goal of the coalition is to support the aftermarket for technology products through advocating for repair-friendly laws, standards, regulations and policies. As such, its members are engaged in repairs, resale, refurbishment, reconfiguration and recycling regardless of industry.
Members of the Coalition Advisory Board include industry experts in repair, cyber-security, copyright law, medicine, agriculture, international trade, consumer rights, contracts, e-waste, eco-design standards, software engineering and legislative advocacy.
The Coalition filed their first legislative action in South Dakota in January 2014 as SB.136 (Latterell). Four states followed in 2015 - New York (S.3998 Boyle/A.6068 Morelle), Minnesota (SF 873 Osmek/ HF 1048 Hertaus), Massachusetts (H.3383 Cronin/S. Kennedy), and Nebraska (LB 1072 Haar). Tennessee (SB888/H1382 Jernigan) and Wyoming (HB 0091 Hunt) were added in 2016. The following year - 2017 - new bills were filed in North Carolina (HB663 Richardson), Kansas (HB2122 Barker), Illinois (HB3030 Harris), Iowa (HF556 and SF2028), Missouri (HB1178 McCreery), New Hampshire (HB1733 Luneau) and New Jersey (A4934 Moriarty). 2018 added Oklahoma, Hawaii, Georgia, Virginia, Vermont and Washington. 2019 added Oregon, Nevada, Indiana and Montana. 2020 was shortened by the Pandemic but added Maine, Idaho, Alabama, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Colorado. 2021 added Florida, Delaware, Texas, and South Carolina for a total of 27 states involved in 2021.
Legislative Focus for State Legislation.
Legislation intended to use the power of general business law in states for general repair of devices including a digital electronic part is based on the Automotive MOU from 2014. Template legislation avoided any requirements to change the format of documentation, the method of delivery of existing parts, tools, diagnostics or information, nor any requirements to disclose any trade secrets. Manufacturers are permitted to charge fair and reasonable prices for physical parts and tools, and are limited in their charges for information that is already posted online.
The Coalition suggests that state legislation will broadly enable many repairs, but that federal copyright law needs revision with respect to limitations posed by Section 1201 specific to Digital Rights Management ("DRM") and software locks.
Opposition to Right to Repair Legislation.
Lobbying in opposition has been consistent across 4 major industries - consumer technology, agriculture, home appliances, and medical equipment. The tech industry has lobbied in opposition through groups including TechNet, the Consumer Technology Association ("CTA"), the Entertainment Software Alliance ("ESA"), and the Security Innovation Center (now no longer active).
Large equipment manufacturers for agriculture and construction have lobbied through the Association of Equipment Manufacturers ("AEM") and their dealership counterparts the Equipment Dealers Association. Their joint release of the 2018 Statement of Principles became the subject of media backlash when in January 2021 the promised means to make complete repairs had not been visibly available. In Nebraska, State Senators behind LB543 - Right to Repair held their bill in committee pending a negotiation with equipment manufacturers over these promises. Pending the outcome of negotiations, LB543 may be pushed ahead in 2022.
Medical device manufacturers have used associations Advamed and MITA in opposition. Several states have exempted medical devices from their legislation - such as New York, Massachusetts and Minnesota, but other states have specifically targeted medical equipment in Arkansas (SB332 passed in the Senate) and California (SB605) as the pandemic raised questions about how effectively hospitals can control repairs of critical infrastructure. The California bill was approved by two committees of reference before being blocked in the Appropriations Committee.
The home appliance industry has been represented by the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers ("AHAM"). Smaller groups such as the Toy Industry Association and the Outdoor Power Equipment Industry ("OPEI") have also been in official opposition as part of the Security Innovation Center group. New Hampshire is the only state so far to consider a bill specific to home appliances in 2021.
Federal Action.
Led by Coalition members iFixit, and the Electronic Frontier Foundation ("EFF"), the Coalition has been regularly engaged in triennial requests for Copyright Exemptions to Section 1201 ("anti-circumvention") since 2015 including the request of exemptions for tinkering with tractors, computers and cell phones. The US Congress requested an analysis of limitations on repair caused by software-enabled products from the Librarian of Congress in 2016 and a report on the impacts of Section 1201 in 2017 in which members of the Coalition were extensively engaged and widely quoted. In the 2018 round, the exemption for making software modifications to "land-based motor vehicles" was expanded to allow equipment owners to engage the services of third parties to assist with making changes. These changes were endorsed by the American Farm Bureau Federation.
US Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR) and Congresswoman Yvette Clarke (D-NY) filed the first Medical Right to Repair bill in August 2020 in response to the pandemic crisis and availability of ventilators in particular. In addition to requiring access to manuals and service materials, the bill also lifts the provisions of patent law governing the production of spare parts for the duration of the pandemic.
Congressman Joseph Morelle (D-NY) filed his Fair Repair Act in Congress on June 21, 2021 using his experience as Majority Leader in the NY Assembly and prime sponsor of Digital Fair Repair in NY while in leadership in the Assembly. The federal bill closely resembles the state version.
In July 2019 the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") hosted a workshop titled "Nixing the Fix" The Commissioners invited multiple panels of experts to provide testimony in person as well as for all interested parties to provide Evidence of harms, or justification for actions directly to the FTC. After nearly two years of study, the FTC Report to Congress of May 6, 2021 outlining that their study provided "Scant Evidence" that restriction on repair were to the benefit of consumers.
The Biden Administration issued an Executive Order to the FTC and the Department of Agriculture on July 6, 2021, to widely improve access to repair for both consumers and farmers. Subsequently, the FTC Chair Lina Khan held two public commission events where commissioners voted to advance Right to Repair as a policy objective.
Right to repair - Additional considerations.
In addition to the work of the Coalition - various individuals have stepped forward to drive action directly, such as for starting ballot initiatives. A ballot initiative was filed in Missouri and certified for inclusion on the 2022 ballot. In March 2021, Louis Rossmann started a crowdfunding campaign to raise $6 million using the GoFundMe platform in order to start a direct ballot initiative to protect consumer right to repair in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, citing previous similar successes in the automotive industry. The outcome of these efforts is not yet known.
Companies like Apple, John Deere, and AT&amp;T lobbied against these bills, and created a number of "strange bedfellows" from high tech and agricultural sectors on both sides of the issue, according to "Time".
In late 2017, users of Apple, Inc. older iPhone models discovered evidence that recent updates to the phone's operating system, iOS, were purposely throttling the speed of the phone. Apple responded initially that the goal of the software was to prevent overtaxing the older models of lithium-ion batteries to avoid unexpected shutdowns of the phone. This led many to argue that Apple was deliberately sabotaging the performance of older iPhones to compel customers to buy new models more frequently. In response, Apple allowed users to disable the battery throttling feature in an iOS update, but only once the phone has already experienced a shutdown due to heavy load. The rationale for this restriction, namely how such a shutdown would occur in the first place if the feature in question's function was the prevention of such shutdowns, was never convincingly argued. The iOS feature change was also only one-way, meaning users who disabled the feature found that, once disabled, there was no option to reactivate it. This effectively prevented users from performing any back-and-forth toggling that could demonstrate the purported benefit the feature provides. Additionally, Apple allowed users of affected iPhones to obtain service to replace batteries in their phones for a reduced cost of service ( compared to ) for the next six months. However, the "right to repair" movement pointed out that such a scenario could have been handled if Apple allowed consumers to purchase third-party batteries and possess the instructions to replace it at lower cost to the consumer.
In April 2018, the Federal Trade Commission sent notice to six automobile, consumer electronics, and video game console manufacturers, later revealed through a Freedom of Information Act request to be Hyundai, Asus, HTC, Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo, stating that their warranty practices may violate the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act. The FTC specifically identified that informing consumers that warranties are voided if they break a warranty sticker or seal on the unit's packaging, use third-party replacement parts, or use third-party repair services is a deceptive practice, as these terms are only valid if the manufacturer provides free warranty service or replacement parts. Both Sony and Nintendo released updated warranty statements following this notice.
In April 2018, US Public Interest Research Group issued a statement defending Eric Lundgren over his sentencing for creating the ‘restore disks’ to extend the life of computers.
The Library of Congress, as part of its three-year review of exemptions to the DMCA, approved an exemption in October 2018 that would allow for one to bypass copyright-protection mechanisms used in land vehicles, smartphones and home appliances for the ability to maintain ("to make it works in accordance with its original specifications and any changes to those specifications authorized for that device or system") or repair ("restoring of the device or system to the state of working in accordance with its original specifications and any changes to those specifications authorized for that device or system") the device. ()
Senator Elizabeth Warren, as part of her campaign for president, laid out plans for legislation related to agriculture in March 2019, stated her intent to introduce legislation to affirm the right to repair farm equipment, potentially expanding this to other electronic devices.
In August 2019, Apple announced a program where independent repair shops may have the ability to buy official replacement parts for Apple products. Several operators became Authorized under their "IRP" program but many smaller repair operators avoided the option due to legally onerous burdens. A list of authorized IRP Providers is not available on the website making it difficult to assess the level of adoption.
In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, where medical equipment became critical for many hospitals, iFixit and a team of volunteers worked to publish the largest known collection of manuals and service guides for medical equipment, using information crowdsourced from hospitals and medical institutions. They incorporated all the materials found on Frank's Hospital Workshop and expanded it more broadly with a more intuitive search tool. iFixit had found, like with consumer electronics, some of the more expensive medical equipment had used means to make non-routine servicing difficult for end-users and requiring authorized repair processes, which during the emergency conditions of the pandemic was not acceptable.
On August 6, 2020, senator Ron Wyden and representative Yvette Clarke introduced the "Critical Medical Infrastructure Right-to-Repair Act of 2020" (, ,text) which focuses on preventing health professionals from being liable to copyright law when attempting to repair devices that would make it easier for “COVID-19 aid.”
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a report "Nixing the Fix" in May 2021 to Congress, outlining issues around corporations' policies that limit repairs on consumer goods that it considered in violation of trade laws, and outlined steps that could be done to better enforce this. This included self-regulation by the industries involved, as well as expansion of existing laws such as the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act or new laws to give the FTC better enforcement to protect consumers from overzealous repair restrictions. On July 9, 2021, President Joe Biden signed Executive Order 14036, "Promoting Competition in the American Economy", a sweeping array of initiatives across the executive branch. Among them included instructions to the FTC to craft rules to prevent manufacturers from preventing repairs performed by owners or independent repair shops. About two weeks after the EO was issued, the FTC make a unanimous vote to enforce the right to repair as policy and will look to take action against companies that limit the type of repair work that can be done at independent repair shops.

</doc>
<doc id="56788403" url="?curid=56788403" title="Turkish Chess Champion">
Turkish Chess Champion


</doc>
<doc id="56788404" url="?curid=56788404" title="Williams Agberto Mansilla Fernández">
Williams Agberto Mansilla Fernández


</doc>
<doc id="56788406" url="?curid=56788406" title="Serbian Vojvodovina">
Serbian Vojvodovina


</doc>
<doc id="56788410" url="?curid=56788410" title="Vojvodovina Serbia">
Vojvodovina Serbia


</doc>
<doc id="56788413" url="?curid=56788413" title="Lally School of Management &amp; Technology">
Lally School of Management &amp; Technology


</doc>
<doc id="56788427" url="?curid=56788427" title="Howard Amon Park">
Howard Amon Park

Howard Amon Park is a multi-use recreation area on the shore of the Columbia River in Richland in the U.S. state of Washington. The original arch at the entrance to the park was the first thing in the city when it was incorporated in 1912, but has since been replaced. The park is named after Howard Amon, one of Richland's early settlers.
It is at the east end of Lee Boulevard in the center of Richland on the river side of the levee and is accessible from several roads leading off of George Washington Way.
Recreational features.
Howard Amon Park has numerous recreational features, including river access, a playground and a facility for concerts. A paved bike path, the Riverfront Trail, runs the entire length of the park. The trail continues north of the park toward WSU Tri-Cities as well as south toward Columbia Point ending at the Sacagawea Heritage Trail. This connection with the Sacagawea Heritage Trail provides access to Kennewick and Pasco. The trail is popular, especially during the warmer months.
The playground in the park was built before 1970 and continues to be a popular destination for young families. An elephant slide within the playground is an iconic piece of Richland history. It was removed and put in storage in 2003 after it was deemed it no longer met safety requirements. After extensive discussion on social media in 2009, the slide was restored. It returned to the park in 2010. Other features at the playground include a short zip line and a rock climbing area.
Sports equipment at the park includes four tennis courts and a half basketball court. It is also a popular destination for water-related recreational activities. There is a small wading pool in the southern portion of the park. Beyond this, the park's riverfront location makes it an easy accesspoint to the Columbia. There are three docks, one at the end of Lee Boulevard, as well as two to the north. The northernmost dock is located alongside a boat launch, while the center one is for swimming.
Events.
Beyond daily and seasonal recreational use, Howard Amon Park is a venue for several events throughout the year. Among the facilities for events is a bandshell, locally known as the Fingernail, which was in the park in 1982. The 60-ton structure was inspired by boats on Lake Washington adjacent to Seattle and was formerly an office building for a construction company where Interstate 182 currently runs. It was originally built in 1963.
The Allied Arts Association, which owns an art gallery adjacent to the park, hosts the Art in the Park festival the same weekend that the Columbia Cup hydroplane races are held in Columbia Park. The festival, which began in 1950, features art exhibits and music from artists from around the United States. In 2016, the festival hosted over 220 artists.
The Tumbleweed Music Festival, which began in 1997, is held every Labor Day weekend at Howard Amon Park. This mostly-free event features several music varieties, including bluegrass, Celtic and folk at five different stages. Renaissance fairs have also been hosted at the park, bringing in over 6,000 visitors.
A paddlewheel river cruise ship, "American Empress", periodically docks at the Lee Boulevard dock at Howard Amon Park while en route from Vancouver to Clarkston.

</doc>
<doc id="56788431" url="?curid=56788431" title="Società per le Strade Ferrate Calabro-Sicule">
Società per le Strade Ferrate Calabro-Sicule


</doc>
<doc id="56788446" url="?curid=56788446" title="North Wales Premier Cricket League">
North Wales Premier Cricket League


</doc>
<doc id="56788451" url="?curid=56788451" title="Deborah Copenhaver Fellows">
Deborah Copenhaver Fellows

Deborah Copenhaver Fellows (born 1948) is an American sculptor known for her Western themed works. Her best known work is the life-sized statue of former Arizona senator Barry Goldwater included in the National Statuary Hall Collection in the U.S. Capitol in Washington D.C.. It was added to the collection as one of Arizona’s two statues in 2015.
Early life.
Fellows was born and raised on a ranch in northern Idaho. Her father Deb Copenhaver was a champion rodeo rider, winning two world championships in 1955 and 1956 and was inducted into the National Cowboy Hall of Fame in 1991 and the ProRodeo Hall of Fame in 1992. As a teenager Deborah Fellow was selected Miss Rodeo Washington. During this time she developed a passion for horses that is frequently reflected in her sculpture.
She attended Fort Wright College of the Holy Names where she first began a serious study of sculpture.
Her statue of Bing Crosby was erected just outside the Crosby Student Center, on the Gonzaga University and dedicated on May 3, 1981, Crosby’s birthday.
Fellows won a competition to create the Washington Korean War Memorial, (hers was of a Korean War veteran) and it was dedicated on the Washington State Capitol grounds in Olympia, Washington , on July 24, 1993.
She was inducted into the National Sculpture Society in 2008 and the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="56788452" url="?curid=56788452" title="Respiratory compromise">
Respiratory compromise

Respiratory compromise describes a deterioration in respiratory function with a high likelihood of rapid progression to respiratory failure and death. Respiratory failure occurs when inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system occurs, with a low oxygen level or a high carbon dioxide level.
Causes.
Patients in acute care hospitals, particularly those with respiratory conditions, are at risk for developing respiratory compromise. Respiratory failure requiring emergency mechanical ventilation occurs in over 40,000 patients per year in the United States. In postoperative patients in the United States, the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program reports that 1.03% of all surgical patients require an unplanned intubation postoperatively.
Although respiratory compromise may develop de novo during hospitalization in patients without preexisting lung disease, in other patients, it develops as a complication of chronic respiratory diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Although respiratory failure is caused by a heterogeneous group of processes, there are subsets of patients who manifest similar physiologic patterns of deterioration
Risk factors.
The term respiratory compromise is used to describe various intensities of respiratory dysfunction that can range from a chronic state of respiratory insufficiency to conditions that require emergency resuscitation and a breathing machine.
Risk factors include a variety of substances, conditions, and environments:
In addition to the lung deterioration observed for the various etiologies and mechanisms of respiratory compromise, severe respiratory compromise can have a concomitant impact on non-pulmonary systems of the body.
Diagnosis.
Central to implementing therapies to reverse or mitigate a state of respiratory compromise is an accurate diagnosis of the condition. Correctly diagnosing respiratory compromise requires a screening to determine the amount of gas in the patient's bloodstream. Two different tests are available for clinical diagnosis.
Testing and monitoring blood gas levels requires one of the following diagnostic procedures:
For this test, a small sensor is attached to the patient's finger or ear. The sensor uses light to estimate how much oxygen is in the blood.
A pulse oximeter works by beaming red and infrared light through capillaries. The amount of red and infrared light transmitted provides an approximate measure of oxygen in the blood. The oximeter reading is based on the color of the blood: oxygenated blood is a brighter red than deoxygenated blood, which appears as bluish purple.
This test measures the precise levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood. A blood sample is drawn from an artery, typically in the wrist. A laboratory then processes the blood sample to determine oxygen and carbon dioxide levels.
Assessing and monitoring blood gas levels is the most accurate means to identify a state of respiratory compromise in patients. ABG testing does however require an arterial blood sample, which is more invasive and uncomfortable for patients than a pulse oximetry reading that uses a reading based on light and color.
Recognition and intervention.
The importance of diagnosing respiratory compromise is that with earlier diagnosis and treatment progression to respiratory failure may be prevented. Enhanced monitoring techniques and specific therapies may prevent progression of respiratory compromise to respiratory failure and possible death.
Prevention.
Classifying acutely ill respiratory patients into one or more of these categories may help in determining appropriate screening and monitoring strategies that are most effective for the patient's particular pathophysiology. Although specific diagnostic and therapeutic interventions must be individualized, standardized screening and monitoring practices for patients with similar mechanisms of deterioration may enhance the ability to predict respiratory failure early and prevent its occurrence.
Treatment.
Therapy interventions for respiratory compromise target secondary effects of the condition, which manifest as pulmonary pathologies or aggravate existing pulmonary conditions. Appropriately administered antibiotic therapy can reduce the risk of mortality in patients with moderate to severe pneumonia, and timely ventilation therapy can reduce mortality in patients with a diagnosis of COPD.

</doc>
<doc id="56788454" url="?curid=56788454" title="An Ordinary Man (disambiguation)">
An Ordinary Man (disambiguation)

An Ordinary Man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56788456" url="?curid=56788456" title="Professional Bull Riders Awards">
Professional Bull Riders Awards


</doc>
<doc id="56788458" url="?curid=56788458" title="Michendorf station">
Michendorf station

Michendorf station is a railway station in the municipality of Michendorf, located in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district of Brandenburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56788463" url="?curid=56788463" title="Marcel Geargoura">
Marcel Geargoura

Marcel Geargoura is a male Egyptian former international table tennis player.
He won bronze at the 1939 World Table Tennis Championships in the mixed doubles with Hilde Bussmann.

</doc>
<doc id="56788469" url="?curid=56788469" title="Vojvodovina of Serbia">
Vojvodovina of Serbia


</doc>
<doc id="56788474" url="?curid=56788474" title="Weegee (given name)">
Weegee (given name)


</doc>
<doc id="56788479" url="?curid=56788479" title="Mansour Helmy">
Mansour Helmy

Mansour Helmy is a male Egyptian former international table tennis player.
He won bronze at the 1939 World Table Tennis Championships in the mixed doubles with Gertrude Pritzi.

</doc>
<doc id="56788481" url="?curid=56788481" title="Ashford Warren and Hoads Wood">
Ashford Warren and Hoads Wood

Ashford Warren and Hoads Wood is a nature reserve north of Ashford in Kent. It is owned by Ashford Borough Council and managed by Kent Wildlife Trust.
This site has acid grassland, which is nationally rare, and mature woodland. There are also pools which have water violets, great crested newts and grass snakes.
There is access from Warren Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="56788490" url="?curid=56788490" title="Mexican feminism">
Mexican feminism


</doc>
<doc id="56788493" url="?curid=56788493" title="Lowlife (film)">
Lowlife (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56788505" url="?curid=56788505" title="Wilhelmshorst (Michendorf)">
Wilhelmshorst (Michendorf)


</doc>
<doc id="56788507" url="?curid=56788507" title="But what about the noise...">
But what about the noise...

But what about the noise of crumpling paper which he used to do in order to paint the series of "Papiers froissés" or tearing up paper to make "Papiers déchirés?" Arp was stimulated by water (sea, lake, and flowing waters like rivers), forests, sometimes shortened as But what about the noise..., is a composition for percussion ensemble by American composer John Cage. It was finished in 1985.
Composition.
John Cage composed this piece as a way of celebrating the work of Jean Arp on the occasion of the centenary of his birth. Jean Arp, an artist in which John Cage found much inspiration in the period the piece was composed in, created paintings and collages, circa 1915–1930, including maneuvers of chance, like dropping cutouts of paper or strings and cementing them where they fell. John Cage attempted to recreate the spirit of simultaneity and subtlety of the works by Jean Arp. Its long title comes from one of the letters sent as response to one of John Cage's letters made by Greta Ströh, the director of the Arp Foundation at the time. Even though Cage's inspiration came through the works by Arp, the composition is dedicated to Les Percussions de Strasbourg. This piece features what are often called by John Cage "sounds of nature", which consist of sounds that resemble environments, and use word in his music, therefore blurring the line between music and literature, as he did in "Child of Tree", "Food" and "Ryoanji". This piece was finished in August 1985 and was published that same year by Edition Peters in New York.
Structure.
The composition is in one movement and its performance duration may vary from realization to realization, but it typically lasts for about twenty minutes. It is scored for a percussion ensemble. However, whereas the score includes parts for ten players, John Cage's indeterminate style makes clear that the ensemble could consist of any number of players between three and ten, and both the desired timelength and the amount of repetitions would vary depending on the will of the performers. The tempo in this composition is meant to be slow, but dependent on the performers, and it is not necessary that all performers maintain the same tempo. It allows for several changes of dynamics, completely dependent on the performers, as they are not mentioned in the original score. As specified by Cage, the performers may be stationed around the audience, or within it in the case that the audience is not seated. However, the performers can also be on the stage, as long as they are not close to one another. 
This piece uses graphic notation and consists of lines of text where "." is a quarter note rest, "+" is a slightly resonant instrument made of wood, metal and glass, "O" is the sound of pouring or bubbling in water and crumpling and tearing paper, and "(" and ")" are also these sounds but cut in half, that is, sounded twice and always for the same length of time.
Recordings.
Given the indeterminate nature of this composition, each performance tends to feature distinct traits, and the main performer is often credited for "realizing" the piece. The following is a partial list of recordings of this piece:

</doc>
<doc id="56788508" url="?curid=56788508" title="John Reynolds (soldier)">
John Reynolds (soldier)


</doc>
<doc id="56788513" url="?curid=56788513" title="Wilhelmshorst">
Wilhelmshorst


</doc>
<doc id="56788516" url="?curid=56788516" title="Made in the Name of Rock n Roll">
Made in the Name of Rock n Roll


</doc>
<doc id="56788523" url="?curid=56788523" title="Hooked on the Game">
Hooked on the Game

Hooked on the Game () is a 2009 Russian action film directed by Pavel Sanayev, it is a science fiction adaptation of a comic book applied to video gamers. It is based on Alexander Chubaryan's novel "Games into Life".
Working title of the film was "Gamers. In Search of a Goal", but it was changed to "Hooked on the Game", due to the release of the movie "Gamer" starring Gerard Butler. In April 2010, the sequel "Hooked on the Game: A New Level" was released.
In the spring of 2012, STS hosted the premiere of the 8-episode television series "Gamers", a continuation of the films "Hooked on the Game" and "Hooked on the Game: A New Level".
Plot.
The film begins with a scene in the house of gangster authorities - Matvey and his friends. To them comes the young boy Vampire who states that he killed their guard and needs to talk with them.
The action is transferred to the month before. The city hosts a cybersports tournament, and the Grandmasters team (Vampire, Doc, Komar, Tall and Jan) wins this tournament. Vampire's girl, Rita (Marina Petrenko), takes the second place in auto racing. Additionally, Vampire's friend, Maxim, wins in a fighting game. Victor Pokrovsky, the president of the company "VIRTUS", gives the guys the first samples of the newest disks, which turn out to be experimental models of scientific development.
After starting the discs, the guys get the abilities associated with their gaming hobbies - the members of the Grandmasters team start to handle weapons with incredible skill, Rita becomes a professional driver, Max gets martial arts skills.
Maxim and his girlfriend Lena drink coffee in a restaurant, where a fight begins with Vazha's crew, Khizir's brother - a criminal authority. Maxim with the help of acquired abilities defeats the attackers with surprising ease. Later, Maxim is seized by Vazha's people and taken to the factory of Khizir. Wanting to save their friend, the company of shooters led by Vampire breaks into the base and with the help of captured weapons destroys all of Khizir's fighters, as well as Khizir himself. They free Maxim and hide weapons at the dacha of Tall. Maxim responds with a categorical refusal on the offer to join the team.
A month passes. Doku does not have enough money, and he offers Vampire to "bet out" a criminal syndicate led by Matvey. The plan fails, and the guys have to kill the bandits. But at this time Rita is kidnapped by the FSB colonel Lebedev, in combination - the right hand of the oligarch Boris Sergeevich Gromov. Lebedev, through blackmail, forces the guys to work for special services and eliminate bandits.
In the first days, the guys feel all the buzz of a rich life, but when they perform the task of liquidating Sergei Zaritsyn, a businessman who makes the biggest deal with the Bolivian government, Vampire realizes that they work not for special services, but for criminals. He tries to convince Doc not to kill Zaritsyn, but Doc deceives Vampire and successfully completes the operation. At the escape from the battlefield, Rita and Tall are seriously wounded, but thanks to Vampire, everyone manages to leave. Upon arrival at Lebedev's base, Tall dies from blood loss.
Production.
The film was shot in Nizhny Novgorod. Most of the stunts were performed by the actors themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="56788534" url="?curid=56788534" title="Austin Chewe">
Austin Chewe

Austin C. Chewe is a Zambian businessman and politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly for Kabwe from 1996 until 2001.
Biography.
Chewe served in the Zambian Army, reaching the rank of captain and managing The Sentries, an army-based band. After leaving the army, he became a businessman. He ran as an independent candidate in the 1996 general elections and was elected to the National Assembly in Kabwe, defeating incumbent MP Paul Tembo. He later joined the Forum for Democracy and Development and ran unsuccessfully for the position of chairman in 2001.
Chewe did not stand for re-election in the 2001 general elections and subsequently joined the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD). He was expelled from the party in 2005, but readmitted in 2006. Later in the year he was the MMD candidate in Munali in the 2006 general elections. However, he was beaten by Chilufya Mumbi of the Patriotic Front. Chewe later switched his support to the Patrtiotic Front, campaigning for Edgar Lungu in the 2015 presidential elections.

</doc>
<doc id="56788536" url="?curid=56788536" title="IICore">
IICore


</doc>
<doc id="56788537" url="?curid=56788537" title="Super Smash Bros. (Nintendo Switch game)">
Super Smash Bros. (Nintendo Switch game)


</doc>
<doc id="56788543" url="?curid=56788543" title="Lusutrombopag">
Lusutrombopag

Lusutrombopag, sold under the brand name Mulpleta among others, is a medication that has been developed for certain conditions that lead to thrombocytopenia (abnormally low platelet counts) such as thrombocytopenia associated with chronic liver disease in patients prior to elective invasive procedures. It is being manufactured and marketed in Japan by Shionogi. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in July 2018, and NICE in January 2020.
It was approved for medical use in the European Union in February 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56788548" url="?curid=56788548" title="Deborah Margo">
Deborah Margo

Deborah Margo (born 1961 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian multimedia artist known for her temporary installations, sculpture, and drawings. Her work has been exhibited in Canada, the United States, and Mexico. She currently lives and works in Ottawa, Ontario.
Biography.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Margo attended the Haystack Mountain School of Crafts in Deer Isle, Maine before graduating from Concordia University in Montreal with a Bachelor in Fine Arts in 1984. Margo later attended the Banff Centre School of Fine Arts, before receiving a Masters of Fine Arts from the Tyler School of Art at Temple University in Philadelphia. Margo has been a professor of sculpture at the University of Ottawa since 1999.
Work.
Working with a variety of mediums, Margo's artistic practice focuses on temporary and ephemeral site-specific installations and object-making. Margo's practice is influenced by post-minimalism and methods of process art and her work often engages with themes of growth, change, the passage of time, impressions of travel, memory, and the identity of public and private spaces.
During her time at Concordia University, Margo participated in "Interface", a student art event in Montreal that contributed to the rise of installation work on the Montreal art scene in the early 1980s. Margo continued to work with sculpture and installation, and graduated from the Tyler School of Art with an MFA in sculpture in 1990. She completed an artist residency at Struts Gallery in Sackville, New Brunswick in 1999, where she began an installation called "Registers of Attendanc"e. Other examples of her site-specific installation works include "Reservoir – an Installation in Four Rooms" (1994), "Light-Earth Drawings" for the Owens Art Gallery in Sackville, NB (2005), "Medical Histories" (2002–), "Before and After Hurricane Irene" (2011) and "Apidictor Symphony" created with multi-media artist Annette Hegel (2017).
Margo's work appears in the collections of the Ottawa Art Gallery, the City of Ottawa Art Collection, and the Owens Art Gallery. She has completed a number of public commissions around Ottawa, such as works for OC Transpo, as well as the new Ottawa Art Gallery's expansion project.

</doc>
<doc id="56788551" url="?curid=56788551" title="Céline Bonacina">
Céline Bonacina

Céline Bonacina (born 23 July 1975 in Belfort, France) is a French saxophonist and composer. She plays soprano, alto and baritone saxophone.
Biography.
Bonacina started learning music at the age of eight. She got classical saxophone lessons at various conservatories in Belfort, Besançon and Paris.
Between 1996 and 1998, Bonacina played baritone saxophone in various jazz big bands in Paris. She then moved to Réunion, for seven years to teach saxophone at the "Conservatoire National de Région" During this time, she participated at numerous festivals in the Indien Oceans region. She was musically influenced of the inclusion of the living rhythms there, and this is reflected in her later compositions. Returning to Paris, her debut album "Vue d'en Haut" was released in 2005.
Bonacina has collaborated with musicians such as the French pianist Laurent de Wilde, Cuban pianist Omar Sosa, vibraphonist Mike Mainieri, saxophonist Andy Sheppard and guitarists Yannick Robert and Nguyên Lê. In addition, and she temporarily supplemented the "Funk Unit" of the Swedish trombonist Nils Landgren.
Her album "Way of Life", which is based almost exclusively on her own compositions, was recorded with a trio comprising the French Nicolas Garnier (bass guitar) and the Malagasy Hary Ratsimbazafy (drums and percussion) and the guitarist Nguyên Lê as a guest musician. In November 2010 she took part with her trio at the JazzFest Berlin.
&lt;br&gt;
The music of this trio has been largely played all over Europe with special guest Romain Labaye on bass.
&lt;br&gt;
&lt;br&gt;
In 2013, after the release of "Open Heart", she created a sextet to play the music of this album, involving Leila Martial on vocals, Illya Amar on vibes &amp; electronics, Romain Labaye on bass and vocals, Nicolas Leroy on percussion and Hary Ratsimbazafy on drums. 
The sextet performed in the two major jazz festivals in France: Jazz à Vienne and Jazz in Marciac, but also Paris Jazz Festival, London Jazz Festival as well as many venues in France and Europe.
Bonacina has won a number of saxophonist prizes in classical and jazz, such as the "Defense Concours national jazz festival "and the "Festival Jazz - La Ciotat".

</doc>
<doc id="56788573" url="?curid=56788573" title="Llaguno Overpass">
Llaguno Overpass


</doc>
<doc id="56788593" url="?curid=56788593" title="George Styler">
George Styler

George Styler (; born Đorđe Tamburić) is a Los Angeles-based fashion designer originally from Serbia known for his ethno-look knitwear. His clients include Nicki Minaj , Rita Ora, Gloria Trevi , George Clinton , Sara Jovanović , Nikolija ...
Biography.
Styler graduated from the Textile College of Applied Studies in Design, Technology and Management in Belgrade, Serbia.
Work.
Specializing in knitwear, Styler's designs have been described as colorful with a multicultural flair. His inspirations are varied, deriving from nature, architecture, fairy tales, flora and fauna. According to Styler, "Every day is a fashion show and the world is your runway."
Styler's line of clothing has been presented at London Fashion Week, LA Fashion Week, Expo 2015 Milan, the Fashionclash Festival, Seattle Fashion Week, Scottsdale Fashion Week, Vancouver Fashion Week, and Belgrade Fashion Week. His clothes were also recently presented at New York Fashion Week in February 2018 and one of his designs made the cover of Brazil's Vogue magazine in January of the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="56788595" url="?curid=56788595" title="Helen Loring Grenfell">
Helen Loring Grenfell

Helen Loring Grenfell (April 29, 1863 — July 25, 1935) was an American educator, suffragist, and clubwoman. She was Colorado's Superintendent of Public Instruction from 1899 to 1905.
Early life.
Helen Thatcher Loring was born in Valparaiso, Chile, the daughter of American parents Charles Loring and Mary Frances Loring. Her father was in Chile on business at the time of her birth there. She moved to Colorado as a child with her parents. She trained to teach in New York.
Career.
Helen Loring taught school in Colorado from her teen years. She was appointed superintendent of schools for Gilpin County, Colorado in 1895. She was elected Colorado's state Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1898, and re-elected to two more two-year terms, serving through 1905. She was elected vice-president of the National Educational Association (NEA) in 1902. She was defeated in her run for a third re-election in 1904, by Katherine L. Craig. In 1909 she published a report, "The Constitution of the Ideal School Board and the Citizen's Duty Toward it".
As an elected official, she toured nationally lecturing in favor of suffrage. "We have come to the time when we must feel that the word "chivalry" belongs to the past," she told audiences, "I believe you will not misunderstand me when I say that if you will give us "justice", it will mean a great deal more than chivalry ever did." She served on Colorado's prison board for two terms. She was a member of the state forestry association and on the board of trustees for Denver's children's hospital. In 1920, she was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention. She was chair of the Women's Auxiliary of the Retail Clerks International Protective Association. She also spoke in favor of better compensation for teachers.
Grenfell made a report to Woodrow Wilson on the Ludlow Massacre, as vice president of the Women's Law and Order League of Colorado. Her report was more critical of the strikers and more aligned with the governor's actions than many other accounts from the event.
Personal life.
Helen Loring married Edwin I. Grenfell, a railroad executive, in 1889. She died in 1935, aged 71 years, from injuries sustained in a fall several months earlier. Her husband wrote a biography after her death, "A Brief Sketch of the Life and Works of Helen Thatcher Loring Grenfell" (1939).

</doc>
<doc id="56788617" url="?curid=56788617" title="Wilhelmshorst station">
Wilhelmshorst station

Wilhelmshorst station is a railway station in the Wilhelmshorst district of the municipality Michendorf located in the district of Potsdam-Mittelmark, Brandenburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56788620" url="?curid=56788620" title="Other Sights for Artists' Projects">
Other Sights for Artists' Projects

Other Sights for Artists’ Projects is an arts collective based in Vancouver, BC. The organisation's mandate states, "Other Sights' projects consider the aesthetic, economic and regulatory conditions of public places and public life." Incorporated as a non-profit society in May 2005, the collective supports temporary public art projects by providing expertise in curation, project management and promotion. Other Sights supports art in spaces and sites accessible to a broad public and as such considers the public realm to be both the built environment, including streets and parks, as well as media and communication technologies. 
Other Sights board members include Patrik Andersson, Clint Burnham, Holly Schmidt, Jordan Wilson and Gabrielle L'Hirondelle Hill. The production team includes Lorna Brown, Barbara Cole, Colin Griffiths, Vanessa Kwan, Marko Simcic, Jen Weih, and general manager, Sunshine Frère. Though they do not operate from a fixed address, Other Sights is an artist-run center and a member of the Pacific Association of Artist Run Centers (PAARC).
Select Projects.
Big Rock Candy Mountain (2016 - 2018).
Big Rock Candy Mountain is a project by artists Hannah Jickling and Helen Reed. The project took the form of a multi-year artist residency with students from Queen Alexandra Elementary School in East Vancouver.
Through a program of workshops, printed matter, artist editions and installations, BRCM considered the school as a site of production with a variety of capacities and processes. The artists investigated the potential of children as collaborators and sought to challenge intellectual divisions between children and adults, and between fine art and art education. The project expanded traditional ideas about public art by producing a range of outcomes rather than a single finished ‘artwork’. For instance, one outcome of the project was a special bubble gum, designed through taste workshops by the students, and sold as an artists’ multiple.
The project takes its name from Big Rock Candy Mountain, a folk song that describes a mythical utopia. The artists chose this title because, as they describe it, “The Big Rock Candy Mountain is a topsy-turvy world, where adults and rationality no longer define the rules and limits of what is possible." Because the project chose to focus on flavor and confectionery it made ideas from art history accessible and interesting to children. Moreover, the project initiated a role reversal whereby children were considered the experts on candy and were consulted by the artists, rather than students being taught. Lucien Durey wrote of BRCM, “The project has proven that socially engaged practices can be funny and accessible while exploring new material approaches and furthering contemporary art dialogues."
As a result of the project, Hannah Jickling and Helen Reed were joint recipients of the 2018 VIVA Award. 
The Foreshore (2015 - 2018).
The Foreshore was a multi-year collaboration between Access Gallery, Contemporary Art Gallery, and Other Sights. It was primarily a series of events, such as talks and discussions, screenings, mini-artist residencies, and open studios. Inspired by the influence of waterways on the cities and societies of the West Coast of Canada, and of the foreshore as a zone of flux and change, the project was an extended think-tank intended to bring about the exchange of ideas.
The Foreshore project had three phases. The first took place between 2016 and 2017 and was focused on intensive research. It featured nineteen collaborative discussion sessions, two field trips, and four residencies. The second phase, from 2017 to 2018, featured four collaborative discussion sessions with a previously participating session artist inviting a new participant to continue on discussing ideas from previous sessions as well as current research. Presenters for Phase II, sessions 1-3 include: Carmen Papalia, Joulene Tse, Coll Thrush, Kamala Todd, Dana Claxton and Jaleh Mansoor. Phase three, "The Foreshore Listens," was an audio zine series commissioned by Other Sights, led by Jen Weih. Each audio zine was edited by an artist, focused on a particular aspect of the Foreshore Sessions, and included ambient recordings, poetry, fragments of interviews, and foley recordings to create a aurally textured piece retirement of self-published artist zines. The series episodes were: "Embodiment" by Stacey Ho, "Water Weight - Friction Possibility" by Dan Pon, "Sea Legs" by Sara Moore, and "We Call You To Witness" by Vanessa Campbell. Sound mixing &amp; design was by Pietro Sammarco.
The Blue Cabin (2015 - ongoing).
The Blue Cabin is a historic building that has been restored and is currently being incorporated into a floating platform that will function as a site for artist residencies. The project is a collaboration between Other Sights, grunt gallery, and Creative Cultural Collaborations (C3). 
Built during the late 1920s or early 1930s, the 280 sq ft wooden cabin was originally a place to live while its owner worked at the nearby shipyard. It was one of many squatters’ dwellings along the Burrard Inlet that provided homes for people who were forced to ‘squat’ by poverty or because they deliberately chose an alternative lifestyle. The cabin was first constructed in Coal Harbour then later towed on a barge and mounted on piles on the Dollarton Mud Flats by Cates Park, Tsleil-Waututh territory, where it stayed until 2015. Although little is known about the original builder of the cabin, the structure’s diagonal braces indicate a pre-industrial, northern European technique. Al Neil also recalled being told that the builder was a Norwegian carpenter.
In 1966, Al Neil, a local musician, artist and writer, moved into the cabin and used it as a home. At first, Neil paid rent to the McKenzie Barge and Derrick company but later became an unofficial beach watchman in exchange for free rent. When Neil’s partner, artist Carole Itter, joined him in the late 1970s the pair used the cabin as a studio. Neil and Itter made many assemblage artworks in, on and around the cabin in the nearby woods.
When the McKenzie Barge site was sold to Polygon Homes for redevelopment in 2014, the developer was obligated by Port Metro Vancouver to remediate the neighboring contaminated foreshores, including the small bay where the cabin was located.  Neil and Itter were served an eviction notice by Port Metro in 2015 and the cabin was to be demolished as part of the remediation work. grunt gallery, Other Sights and C3 were able to move the cabin to a secure storage lot for repair and remediation.  In June 2017, the cabin was relocated to a sheep pasture at Maplewood Farm in North Vancouver, where it underwent a full remediation by Mayne Island artists Jeremy and Sus Borsos. The restoration was completed in February 2018. The Borsos treated the restoration project as if it were an archaeological investigation. The cabin was carefully disassembled and all of the objects found within it saved and archived. Each stage of the project was documented, “compiling an archive of some 4000 photographs and a collection of things ranging from newspapers and screws to mud wasp nests and mouse nests that are treated as the specimens of an archaeological dig.” Posters discovered under the floorboards (to prevent it from squeaking) helped to date the construction of the cabin to 1927. An exhibition of the found materials was held at the grunt gallery from June 15 to July 28, 2018.
During this time the Blue Cabin Committee began to develop a concept for the future of the cabin. Plans now include the creation of an engineered floating platform and tiny home in which visiting artists can live while they use the cabin, also on the platform, as a studio. This ‘floating artist residency’ will then be able to move from time to time along Vancouver’s waterways.
In 2018, the Blue Cabin received a Change Maker Award from BC Museums Association’s Roundup Magazine, and it has recently been nominated for a BCMA Innovation Award.
When the Hosts Come Home (2010 - 2014).
"When the Hosts Come Home" was a series of art projects that presented three different collaborative-based artist teams who use recycled and re-purposed materials to produce large-scale sculptural works that addressed the meaning of “legacy” in relation to Vancouver’s changing urban identity. The projects were a response to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games. 
Deadhead (2014).
The last project in the series, "Deadhead", was a floating sculptural installation by Cedric, Nathan and Jim Bomford. The title refers to the industrial history of logging along the coast: a deadhead is a term for log that has escaped from a boom and become waterlogged. Salvaged wood and metal were mounted onto a World War II barge and moored in two locations along Vancouver's waterways during the summer of 2014. The improvised structure of the work referenced the vernacular architecture of the east coast of Vancouver Island, in places such as Hornby Island, Alert Bay, and Sointula. The piece took advantage, originally unintentionally, of its location on the tidal zone as a jurisdictional grey area to comment on issues of land ownership and histories of squatting. Vancouver based writer and curator Kimberly Phillips said of the project, "The barge is tugged into a zone of leisure and capital that has ever-so-successfully concealed its edge, its recent pasts of shoreline squatting, immigrant shanties and specious evictions... If only for a brief moment, one could say, "Deadhead" conjured the city's uncomfortable pasts."
The Larwill Park site projects (2015 - 2017).
Upon proposing Larwill Park as the site for its new location, the Vancouver Art Gallery commissioned Other Sights to produce a series of projects in the space. The first project, titled "The Inaugural Project" (September 2015 - August 2016), referenced the park's history as a space for public gatherings and expressions of public concerns. Sections from documentary photographs of the park's history were cut out, enlarged, printed in bright Pantone colours, and installed around the park. The installed images referenced commercial bill boards and were strategically sited to draw attention to features outside of the site such as pedestrian walk-ways and views of the surrounding buildings. 
For the second project, "Ovoidism ("September 2016 - September 2017), Canadian First Nations artist Lawrence Paul Yuxweluptun produced a series of sculptures of large, brightly colored ovoids. Ovoids are key design features of Northwest Coast Indigenous art but they are rarely depicted alone, usually being an element of a larger design. The art work aimed to draw attention to unresolved Indigenous land claims at Larwill, and Vancouver more generally.
External links.
Other Sights website
Big Rock Candy Mountain website
The Foreshore website
The Foreshore Listens
The Blue Cabin website via grunt gallery

</doc>
<doc id="56788624" url="?curid=56788624" title="Charlotte Hill O'Neal">
Charlotte Hill O'Neal

Charlotte Hill O'Neal (born March 9, 1951) is co-director of the United African American Community Center, now called the United African Alliance Community Center (UAACC). The UAACC, a non-profit NGO, was founded in 1991 by O'Neal and her husband, Pete O’Neal, with the goal of empowering black urban and rural youth in Tanzania. She and Pete have two children together, Malcolm and AnnWood "Stormy" O'Neal.
Early life and education.
O'Neal is from Kansas City, Kansas, where she became a member of the Kansas City chapter of the Black Panther Party in 1969. She would marry the head of the chapter Pete O'Neal.
Activism.
At the age of 17, O'Neal became a member of the Kansas School of Human Dignity where she went around to churches and schools in the local community to speak about Black history.
Other work.
O'Neal is a published author with two books of poetry. Her first poetry book titled "Warrior Woman of Peace" was published in 2008 and features poems on her personal experiences as a woman and on the women who have impacted her life. "Life Slices...a Taste of Magic" was published in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56788640" url="?curid=56788640" title="Stonewall Democratic Club of New York City">
Stonewall Democratic Club of New York City


</doc>
<doc id="56788647" url="?curid=56788647" title="Aoife McLysaght">
Aoife McLysaght

Aoife McLysaght is an Irish geneticist and a Professor in the Molecular Evolution Laboratory of the Smurfit Institute of Genetics, University of Dublin in Ireland.
Education.
McLysaght was educated at the University of Dublin where she was a student of Trinity College and awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Genetics in 1998, followed by a PhD in 2002 for research supervised by Kenneth H. Wolfe on the evolution of vertebrate genome organisation.
Career and research.
Following her PhD, she completed postdoctoral research at the University of California, Irvine working with Brandon Gaut before returning to work in Dublin in 2003. Her research in molecular evolution and comparative genomics has been published in leading peer-reviewed scientific journals including "Nature", "Nature Genetics", "Bioinformatics", "Genome Research", "PNAS" and the journal "Yeast".
She has served as senior editor and associate editor for the journals "Molecular Biology and Evolution" and "Genome Biology and Evolution", and is on the editorial board of the journal "Cell Reports". She is a member of the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution (SMBE) and The Genetics Society. She served as Treasurer of SMBE 2012–14 and was elected President of the Society in 2017.
Outreach and media.
McLysaght is a regular contributor to public events, and has spoken at IGNITE Electric Picnic, TEDx, The Royal Institution, and on the BBC Radio 4 programme "The Infinite Monkey Cage". She brought genetics to a wider audience in the Royal Institution 2013 advent calendar where she featured in videos on human chromosome 1, human chromosome 14, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and the Science Gallery, Dublin. In 2018 she joined with Alice Roberts to write and present the televised Royal Institution Christmas Lectures.
Awards and honours.
McLysaght was awarded European Research Council (ERC) Consolidator Grant 2018–23 and an ERC Starting Researcher grant from 2013 to 2018, and the President of Ireland Young Researcher's Award by Science Foundation Ireland (SFI) in 2005. She gave the J. B. S. Haldane lecture of The Genetics Society in 2016. She was one of eight women scientists whose portrait was commissioned as part of the Royal Irish Academy's "Women on Walls" project.
Personal life.
McLysaght is a grand-daughter of genealogist Edward MacLysaght. McLysaght has two children, and a dog whose genome has been sequenced.

</doc>
<doc id="56788648" url="?curid=56788648" title="Overlapping spreading centers">
Overlapping spreading centers

Overlapping spreading centers (OSC) are a feature of spreading centers at mid-ocean ridges.
Appearance.
In the normal case adjacent spreading centers not on the same trend, end at a transform fault that appears to offset each center. At an overlapping spreading center the adjacent centers overlap and are not connected by a transform fault. In plan view, overlapping spreading centers look like two people about to shake hands but over-reaching by a distance that is three times the distance between the hands. This 3:1 overlap to offset ratio (observed at a wide range of scales, from hundreds of meters to tens of km) holds the key to their mechanism of formation. In fracture mechanics, when two cracks propagate toward each other, they tend to deflect away from each other, propagate past each other, and then stall out when the ratio is 3:1 because at this point the crack propagation force drops to zero.
What results are two spreading centers overlapping, apparently pushing against each other, which would violate one of the rules of plate tectonics: plates are rigid. This paradox is solved by the fact that the overlapping spreading centers are non-steady-state and propagate along the ridge; as one segment lengthens, the neighboring segment shortens. Which segment lengthens, is arbitrary; evidence shows that at times the spreading center tips have alternated migrating directions. The discovery of overlapping spreading centers revealed the time-varying behavior of mid-ocean ridge segments, with implications for magmatism, volcanism and patterns of hydrothermal activity.
Occurrence.
Overlapping spreading centers are found mostly on mid-ocean ridge spreading centers in the Pacific Ocean basin where the rates of separation between the plates are higher than in other ocean basins. They occur on all fast-spreading rate centers (&gt;90 mm/yr) including the East Pacific Rise, and on most intermediate-rate spreading centers (50–90 mm/yr), such as the Galapagos Spreading Center, the Juan de Fuca Ridge and the Pacific-Antarctic Ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="56788654" url="?curid=56788654" title="Great Transition Initiative">
Great Transition Initiative


</doc>
<doc id="56788657" url="?curid=56788657" title="Kranevitter">
Kranevitter


</doc>
<doc id="56788665" url="?curid=56788665" title="Ludovico Girardello">
Ludovico Girardello

Ludovico Girardello (Vittorio Veneto, born December 5, 2000) is an Italian actor best known for his role of Michele Silenzi in "The Invisible Boy" movie series.

</doc>
<doc id="56788668" url="?curid=56788668" title="Rob Phinisee">
Rob Phinisee

Robert Phinisee (born October 13, 1999) is an American college basketball player for the Indiana Hoosiers of the Big Ten Conference. He previously played for McCutcheon High School and was ranked as one of the highest prospects in the state of Indiana.
High school career.
Phinisee attended McCutcheon High School. As a freshman, Phinisee averaged 6.6 points, 1.8 rebounds, and 2.5 assists. In his sophomore year, he averaged 19.0 points, 4.3 rebounds, and 6.2 assists per game helping the Mavericks to a 28–4 overall record and an undefeated 8–0 conference record. The team advanced to the Class 4A state championship game, where they lost 59–62 to New Albany. In his junior year, he averaged 21.7 points, 5.9 rebounds, and 6.8 assists per game. The season ended with a state regional loss 61–68 to Carmel, resulting in a 23–3 overall record. As part of his dominant senior journey, Phinisee was able to tie the all-time scoring record at McCutcheon (set in 2002 by Avery Sheets who went on to play at Butler) when he hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to end the first quarter in the game against Harrison on December 15, 2017. He went on to score a total of 50 points that game to make the record his own. On February 16, 2018 Phinisee and his teammates clinched the North Central Conference title (eventually going 9–0). Phinisee scored 34 points against Muncie Central, despite a broken nose. The season came to an early close with a loss against Zionsville's Eagles, 50–60, leaving the Mavericks with an overall record of 20–5. Phinisee scored 33 points, bringing his total to 2,023. He averaged 29.3 points, 6.8 rebounds, and 5.9 assists per game. 
Recruiting.
Phinisee was recruited in high school by numerous high profile schools, including scholarship offers from in-state schools Indiana, Purdue, and Butler, and out-of-state schools Georgetown, Virginia, and Xavier. On August 19, 2017, Phinisee announced his commitment to Indiana.
College career.
Phinisee suffered a concussion at the end of December 2018. He averaged 6.9 points, 3.3 rebounds and 2.9 assists per game as a freshman. He suffered an ankle injury in December 2019.
Personal life.
Rob is the son of Tanika Phinisee and has three brothers, Alantae, Charles, and Joe. According to his brothers, who also played at McCutcheon High School, his potential began to be recognized when he played alongside Charles in the AAU. His skills and abilities led him to a spot on Indiana Elite's AAU team. 

</doc>
<doc id="56788669" url="?curid=56788669" title="Iranian Constituent Assembly, 1949">
Iranian Constituent Assembly, 1949


</doc>
<doc id="56788672" url="?curid=56788672" title="Singleton House (Eatonville, Georgia)">
Singleton House (Eatonville, Georgia)


</doc>
<doc id="56788682" url="?curid=56788682" title="3000 metres hurdles">
3000 metres hurdles


</doc>
<doc id="56788683" url="?curid=56788683" title="Mandakranta Sen">
Mandakranta Sen

Mandakranta Sen (born 15 September 1972, in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian poet writing in Bengali. She studied in a medical college but quit before the final exams and became a full-time writer. She was awarded Ananda Purashkar for her first poetry book. She later went on to receive the Swarnajayanti Special Sahitya Akademi Young Writers Award which she returned in 2015 to protest against the Dadri incident and the attacks on writers and rationalists.
Early life.
Born in Kolkata, Mandakranta completed her secondary education from Sakhawat Memorial Govt. Girls' High School and higher secondary from Lady Brabourne College. She later went on to study MBBS at Nil Ratan Sircar Medical College and Hospital but dropped out in between.

</doc>
<doc id="56788687" url="?curid=56788687" title="Teacher's Charter">
Teacher's Charter

The Teacher's Charter () is the legal document that defines the rights and duties of school teachers (distinguished from academic teachers) in Poland. It was adopted on January 26, 1982, and has been amended several times since then. The higher education in Poland is governed by the .
The Teacher's Charter governs all job positions in public schools below university level (primary, junior high and upper secondary education, ) that require pedagogical qualifications. 
The Charter regulates the working conditions, qualification requirements, duties, disciplinary responsibilities, and principles of professional advancement of teachers; as well as the awards, social benefits, holidays, pensions and health care available to them. 
It takes the priority over the .
The Charter has been criticized.

</doc>
<doc id="56788700" url="?curid=56788700" title="Beth Macy">
Beth Macy

Beth Macy (born c. 1964) is an American journalist and non-fiction writer. Her first published book, "Factory Man", was a national bestseller.
Early life.
Macy grew up in Urbana, Ohio. She received a bachelor's degree in journalism from Bowling Green State University in 1986. She earned a master's degree in creative writing from Hollins University in 1993.
Career.
Macy was a reporter for "The Roanoke Times" from 1989 to 2014. She writes essays and op-eds for "The New York Times" as well as magazines, radio and online journals. In 2010, she was awarded the Nieman Fellowship for Journalism by Harvard University.
Her 2018 book, "Dopesick", was shortlisted for the 2019 Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Nonfiction.
Television adaptation.
In June 2020, Hulu had given the production a limited series order consisting of eight episodes based on Macy's book, "Dopesick: Dealers, Doctors and the Drug Company that Addicted America" who is also an executive producer of the miniseries. The series was developed by Danny Strong who was also expected to executive produce alongside Warren Littlefield, John Goldwyn, Karen Rosenfelt, and Barry Levinson who was expected to direct the limited series. Michael Keaton was set to star.

</doc>
<doc id="56788716" url="?curid=56788716" title="Vojvodina (area)">
Vojvodina (area)


</doc>
<doc id="56788722" url="?curid=56788722" title="Voivodina (area)">
Voivodina (area)


</doc>
<doc id="56788725" url="?curid=56788725" title="Daring Daughters">
Daring Daughters

Daring Daughters is a 1933 American pre-Code melodrama film, directed by Christy Cabanne. It stars Marian Marsh, Kenneth Thomson, and Joan Marsh, and was released on March 25, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="56788732" url="?curid=56788732" title="2015 York University strike">
2015 York University strike


</doc>
<doc id="56788734" url="?curid=56788734" title="2018 York University strike">
2018 York University strike

The 2018 York University strike was a strike by CUPE Local 3903, the union representing contract professors, teaching assistants, and graduate assistants at York University. At 143 days long it is the longest strike in the post-secondary sector in Canadian history, surpassing the previous record of the 1976 Laval University 108-day strike. It ended on July 25, when the Ontario Legislature passed the "Urgent Priorities Act" back-to-work legislation.
Background.
On March 3, 2018, two days before the beginning of the strike, York University stated in a labour update that if all of CUPE 3903's 110 proposals were accepted, operating labour costs would increase by 57%, up from $70 million to $109 million over three years, out of a total spending of $715 million in labour costs annually. In this case, the $39 million difference between contracts (an additional $13 million per year) would not be possible given York University's annual surplus of only $36.4 million; otherwise, roughly 1/3rd of the annual surplus would be spent on CUPE 3903, which only represents 60% of teachers on campus, thus limiting York's ability to invest in capital projects. For these reasons, York University stated that "after extensive discussion Friday evening and following careful review of CUPE 3903's lengthy and largely unchanged list of demands shared through the mediator, CUPE 3903's positions remain too far apart from the University's best offer to return to bargaining at this time." At this point, both parties understood that a strike was imminent. York declared that the university would "remain open" and that certain classes would continue running.
On the Friday of March 2, the newly founded Students Against Strike organized a small walk-out demonstration and demanded that undergraduate students deserved their own platform in the conflict between York University Administration and CUPE 3903.
The strike.
The strike began on March 5, 2018 at 12:01 am EST. Despite the strike, the university remained open (with all major entrances blockaded via hard picket lines), and the few winter term courses that were able to continue, continued to run. Winter term ended on April 23 as originally scheduled. Students that refused to participate in academic activities during the labour disruption were promised reasonable accommodations.
Attempted bargaining.
On March 12, 2018 the Minister of Advanced Education and Skills Development, Mitzie Hunter, contacted CUPE 3903 and the York University administration to encourage the two sides to bargain. CUPE 3903 re-affirmed its willingness to bargain.
After little movement from either side, on March 18, 2018, York University announced that it would return to the bargaining table. CUPE 3903 was optimistic that the disruption might be resolved but expressed disappointment when York, despite movement from CUPE 3903, issues an ultimatum to capitulate on all important issues, or York walks away from the table.
On March 20, York University presented a revised offer and exercised their statutory power to force a one-time mandatory ratification vote. York made its request on March 27, but the law stipulates a two-week delay between request and vote. The vote was held between April 6 and April 9. The university's offer was rejected by 85% of those who voted, with 2,320 "no" votes cast. With the ratification vote defeated, the strike continued. According to CUPE, the proposal under consideration was not meaningfully different from the offer that they rejected at the beginning of the strike.
CUPE 3903 subsequently filed an unfair labor practices complaint with the Ontario Labour Relations Board. The complaint alleged that York publicly mischaracterized CUPE 3903 demands, incorrectly characterized the demands as illegal, and during a previous labour disruption appropriated the domain name CUPE3903.com to direct internet searches for information on CUPE to the university's own labour page. York responded that the objections were without merit.
CUPE 3903 would learn that "CUPE3903.com" was billed to York University by Michael Schiff, an employee in the office of the Faculty of Graduate Studies.
During the strike, a coalition of socialist student groups, Students for CUPE 3903, staged an occupation of the University Senate chambers in support of the strike. The sit-in lasted three months. Participants protested potential expense account issues from Lenton's term as Vice President Academic and President, in addition to various other tuition-oriented concerns. Simultaneously, a website publishing documents relating to Lenton's expenses, Yorked.me, was registered under a false identity. Yorked.me was taken down following a copyright complaint from the university, but resurfaced as Yorked.tk, using a free domain name.
Early demands from Students for CUPE 3903 included the cancellation of classes that were not taught by CUPE 3903 members. The ultimate authority to make academic policy (of which disruption policy is a part), according to the York Act, rests with York's Senate. According to YUFA, the union representing full-time faculty (full-time faculty are not represented by CUPE): "Senate Executive clearly asserted that course directors are the best judge of how to ensure the academic integrity of their courses and whether those courses can be continued on that basis." President Rhonda Lenton and the Board of Governors asserted that it was their right to decide whether classes should be suspended or not and decided that there was no reason to do so. Many classes taught by members of York's full-time faculty continued, though many of these classes experienced varying levels of disruption ranging from marking not being completed to classes being suspended entirely. Classes taught by contract faculty were already suspended owing to their instructors being on strike. Lenton and the Board of Governor's move to take control of academic policy from the Senate received the unanimous censure of the Canadian Association of University Teachers (CAUT), an organization representing most all academic staff in Canada. According to CAUT, not only was this in contravention with past practice, but it was also in contravention of the "York Act", the act of the Legislature of Ontario that created York University.
Incidents of violence.
Minor incidents of violence occurred as students were stopped at picket lines. A video was released by picketers showing a student dismantling barricades at the Northwest Gate picket line in an attempt to attend his Midterm exam. The student was placed in a chokehold by a picketer, upon breaking free the student kicked the picketer in retaliation. A picketer was injured after a vehicle forced its way past a picket line. Protesters demonstrated outside a university senate meeting and attempted to prevent senators from entering. During the melee, a teaching assistant senator was put in a headlock by security and prevented from entering. CUPE 3903 protestors picketed at the house of York University President Rhonda Lenton.
Province launches Industrial Inquiry Commission.
On April 13, 2018, Kevin Flynn, Minister of Labour, appointed labour relations lawyer William Kaplan as the sole member of an Industrial Inquiry Commission. The purpose of such an inquiry is to create a report on the status of a labour dispute, for the minister, and in the process bring the two sides in a dispute together.
CUPE revised their offer, with more concessions in favour of the employer. York University in its submission to the inquiry argues that CUPE 3903 is too radical to bargain with, and cites the writings of some of its members (all academics) as proof of a "mentality" that York cannot negotiate with. From the start of the labour disruption, York University adopted a hard line on its offer, and urged CUPE to accept it, or agree to arbitration.
At the conclusion of the inquiry, Kaplan noted in his report that "the parties have reached an impasse and there is no reason to believe that they will be able to resolve their dispute through free collective bargaining. Their history indicates otherwise." Kaplan recommended to the Minister that he call upon the parties to enter into "consensual interest arbitration." Kaplan further recommended that "the government establish a task force on precarity in post-secondary education employment."
The precise date that the report was made available to the province, the University and CUPE 3903 was not certain. However, details of the report (which was meant primarily for the Minister) were leaked to the press and made public on Friday May 4, 2018. CUPE 3903 maintained its position that bargaining and not arbitration was the means to resolve the impasse.
While praising Commissioner Kaplan's recommendation for the creation of a government task force on precarity in postsecondary education employment, the Ontario Federation of University Faculty Associations condemned York and Kaplan's position that arbitration was the answer and that CUPE 3903 should be legislated back to work. In addition to undermining collective bargaining "such legislation subverts the bargaining process by signalling to employers that they can avoid meaningful engagement in collective bargaining by stonewalling and waiting for government intervention."
Leading up to the Industrial Commission, York University claimed that its bargaining priorities had the support of York's academics, without reference or substantiation. The York University Faculty Association objected, and noted that the only basis for this claim was an open letter in support of these prioritise by a group of 152 full-time academics, which YUFA notes comprises 10% of its members. While not claiming that YUFA members are unanimous about various issues at stake in the labour dispute, YUFA rejected the idea that its membership was in favour of the University's position in the labour dispute. One signatory of the letter, Rose Steele, a professor in the School of Nursing, claimed that fear of "retributions" from CUPE 3903 and YUFA were suppressing public dissent among CUPE and YUFA members.
Summer Terms disrupted.
On April 19, York University published a statement warning that S2 term (June–August) would be cancelled if the strike continued past April 30. On May 2, York University published a statement announcing they would commence the summer term (SU and S1 terms) on May 22. S2 term was cancelled.
On May 7, York University issued an ultimatum to CUPE3903. The university demanded that CUPE accept a revised offer by May 10 at 11:59 EDT, or the university will not implement a back-to-work backpay protocols and would not offer employment to members of striking CUPE units during the summer term. CUPE rejected the university's demands and on May 10, issued a limited-time offer of a "framework for settlement" expiring May 14.
On July 15, 2018, the strike continued. Criticism among students has been directed at both CUPE 3903 and York University President Rhonda Lenton's poor handling of the dispute.
Attempted back-to-work legislation.
In light of Kaplan's recommendation, on May 7, the Ontario government introduced Bill 70, the "York University Labour Disputes Resolution Act, 2018". The bill was introduced the day before the Legislature was set to be dissolved in preparation for the 2018 Ontario general election. Opposition from the Ontario NDP slowed the passage of the bill through first reading; it was eventually carried with division. The bill died before a second or third reading could be conducted after the government dissolved the Legislature earlier than expected. With the dissolution of the Legislature, the outcome of any legislation would be made after the 2018 Ontario general election.
Unit 2 accepts offer.
On June 14 and June 15, Unit 2 members of CUPE 3903 held a ratification vote on an offer for Unit 2 sent by York University on June 6. CUPE 3903 condemned the offer as "backroom dealings of certain members of the [Unit 2] Bargaining Team." The vote came after the results of a previous vote on the same offer were rejected over alleged irregularities. 231 Yes votes were cast, while 122 No votes were cast. Following the vote, York University announced that Unit 2 members would return to work on the following Monday June 18. CUPE 3903 stated that other bargaining units would remain on strike.
New back-to-work legislation.
On July 16, 2018, the newly elected 42nd Parliament of Ontario introduced Bill 2 into the legislature, formally called the "Urgent Priorities Act". The omnibus bill included a clause to end the labour dispute at York University. Premier Ford argued that the back-to-work legislation was for the sake of the students, claiming that they were "the only people getting hurt" in the conflict between CUPE 3903 and York Administration. The chairman of CUPE 3903, Devin Lefebvre, spoke out against the legislation claiming that it was a violation of workers rights. On July 25, 2018, Bill 2 received Royal Assent, effectively ending the York Strike. The legislation gives the government the power to fine members of the York union $2,000 each day and fines the Union $25,000 for each day it continues to strike. Back-to-work-legislation had influenced how some students voted in the 2018 Ontario general election and many were relieved that the strike was finally over.
Criticism of York University's handling of the strike.
By May 2, 2018, several faculties and student groups at York University passed votes of non-confidence in Rhonda Lenton, President of York, and the Board of Governors for creating a crisis of governance and for their handling of the strike. The faculties include Glendon College, the Faculty of Education, the Faculty of Environmental Studies, and the Faculty of Liberal Arts &amp; Professional Studies (LAPS), not to mention York University Graduate Students' Association (YUGSA), and a number of departments and student associations. As noted by YUFA, almost half of York's full-time faculty teaches in the Faculty of Liberal Arts and Professional Studies, implying that altogether, representative bodies of about (if not more than) half of York's faculty have lost confidence in York's administration.
Concerned academics and some student groups (including York's own full-time Faculty Association) continued to support CUPE 3903 with a call to York to return to the bargaining table.
According to Richard Wellen, York University Faculty Association (YUFA) president, at the time of a press conference bringing together representatives from YUFA, the Ontario Federation of Labour, and York University's Graduate Student Association, it was "becoming clearer every day that the major reason for the continuation of this strike is the categorical refusal of the administration and board of governors to bargain with the union." He noted that the administration refused to make a new offer to the union, and that it habitually blamed the union for the strike by way of refusing to acknowledge that many union priorities were previously agreed to in bargaining three years ago. Wellen also observed that "the administration is determined to break the union and is putting that desire ahead of university and student interests" 
CUPE 3903 added that York Administration had; attempted to replace bargaining with a public relations campaign, misrepresented union processes, had red lines that it refuses to discuss, and that it had decided to not put students first in its labour dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="56788742" url="?curid=56788742" title="1997 York University strike">
1997 York University strike


</doc>
<doc id="56788747" url="?curid=56788747" title="Sha'ar Binyamin">
Sha'ar Binyamin


</doc>
<doc id="56788749" url="?curid=56788749" title="Leśniewski">
Leśniewski

Leśniewski (feminine Leśniewska) is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56788751" url="?curid=56788751" title="Potsdam-Rehbrücke station">
Potsdam-Rehbrücke station

Potsdam-Rehbrücke station is a railway station in the Bergholz-Rehbrücke district of the municipality Nuthetal located in the district of Potsdam-Mittelmark, Brandenburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56788753" url="?curid=56788753" title="Leśniewska">
Leśniewska


</doc>
<doc id="56788755" url="?curid=56788755" title="2001 York University strike">
2001 York University strike


</doc>
<doc id="56788757" url="?curid=56788757" title="Lesniewska">
Lesniewska


</doc>
<doc id="56788759" url="?curid=56788759" title="Eric S. Margolis">
Eric S. Margolis


</doc>
<doc id="56788770" url="?curid=56788770" title="Revisions (TV series)">
Revisions (TV series)

 is an anime television series directed by Gorō Taniguchi and animated by Shirogumi. The series premiered from January 10 to March 28, 2019 on Fuji TV's +Ultra programming block.
Plot.
Daisuke Dojima is a student who was kidnapped when he was a child. Now he and his friends are involved in one of the "Shibuya Drift" strange events, travelling 300 years into the future. There, the enemy known as "Revisions" fight using giant mechanical monsters. Daisuke and his friends are fighting to defeat the enemy and recover their present.
Anime.
Fuji TV announced the series during a livestream event in March 2018. The series is directed by Gorō Taniguchi and written by Makoto Fukami and Taichi Hashimoto, with animation by studio Shirogumi. Character designs for the series are provided by Sunao Chikaoka and adapted for CG animation by Jun Shirai. Kazuhiko Takahashi serves as director of photography, Takamitsu Hirakawa is the CG director for the series, Jin Aketagawa is the sound director, Akari Saitō is the editor, and Azusa Kikuchi composes the series' music. Other staff includes Yōhei Arai (mecha design), Makoto Shirata (BG concept artist), Yutaka Ōnishi (matte paint director), Ryū Sakamoto (art, setting), and Akemi Nagao (color design). The opening theme is "Wagamama de Gomakasanaide" by The Oral Cigarettes. The ending theme is "Curtain Call" by Weaver. The series premiered on Fuji TV's +Ultra timeslot from January 10 to March 28, 2019. The series was streamed on Netflix worldwide.
Reception.
Writing for Monsters and Critics, writer Patrick Frye compared the Science Fiction anime to the isekai genre "except that an entire city is thrown into a new world via time travel." Although the character development, plot twists, and CGI animation were praised, it's claimed the "biggest negatives centered around the protagonist Daisuke who suffers from an obsessive hero complex for most of the first season ... which made watching the first eight episodes feel grating or insufferable." In May 2019, Anime News Network listed Daisuke one of the most, "scrubbiest scrublord protagonists”.

</doc>
<doc id="56788774" url="?curid=56788774" title="Morning Becomes Electra">
Morning Becomes Electra


</doc>
<doc id="56788779" url="?curid=56788779" title="Żebrowska">
Żebrowska


</doc>
<doc id="56788782" url="?curid=56788782" title="Project Octopath Traveler">
Project Octopath Traveler


</doc>
<doc id="56788785" url="?curid=56788785" title="Jeffrey Kevin van Homoet Bruma">
Jeffrey Kevin van Homoet Bruma


</doc>
<doc id="56788790" url="?curid=56788790" title="Infantile Hemangioma">
Infantile Hemangioma


</doc>
<doc id="56788804" url="?curid=56788804" title="Visualsociology.org">
Visualsociology.org


</doc>
<doc id="56788809" url="?curid=56788809" title="No Earthly Connection (Praga Khan song)">
No Earthly Connection (Praga Khan song)


</doc>
<doc id="56788811" url="?curid=56788811" title="2500 metres steeplechase">
2500 metres steeplechase


</doc>
<doc id="56788813" url="?curid=56788813" title="Terry Ramsden">
Terry Ramsden

Terry Ramsden (born 1952) is an English investor and gambler from Enfield who focused on horse betting and the Japanese stock market.
Early life.
Ramsden was raised in Enfield the son of a GPO Telephones engineer. He began working as an insurance clerk and realized being employed by another would never lead to the wealth he was seeking. In 1971 at the age of 19 he was self-employed and earned £25,000 his first month.
Career.
Ramsden earned his initial money through lower stakes gambling on horse races. In 1984 he purchased Glen International, an Edinburgh-based company. He focused the company on horse betting. In the first year he had a small annual turnover of £18,000, three years later that figure grew to £3.5 billion. He became United Kingdom's 57th richest man. His alleged peak net worth was approximately £150 million.
Between 1984 and 1987 his knowledge of horse racing and the Japanese market made him a fortune. By 1986 he was worth over £100 million. He owned several houses including one in Los Angeles, and over 100 horses. That same year he placed a £500,000 wager on his own horse Mr. Snugfit in the Grand National. Mr. Snugfit came in 4th resulting in a £1 million profit for Ramsden.
In 1988, following the 1987 stock market crash and later the Japanese asset price bubble bursting, Ramsden proceeded to lose vast sums of money including £57 to £58 million on racetrack gambling and suffered capital losses nearing £100 million. In 1991 he was arrested and jailed in Los Angeles for six months while awaiting extradition to the United Kingdom for fraud. In prison he witnessed gang violence. By 1992 he was £100 million in debt. He declared bankruptcy and pleaded guilty in 1993 to recklessly inducing fresh investments into Glen International. He received a two-year suspended sentence.
In 1997, Ramsden breached the Insolvency Act after it was discovered he was hiding £300,000 worth of assets. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison, which he served 10. He was released in 1999 with a lack of support from the friends he acquired during his rich days. His wife and son were estranged.
He started working in the private treaty market, creating a trading system which sped up equities transactions. This company grew to a market capitalization of £250 million. In 2003, the Jockey Club cleared him to race and own horses again. He owned Jake The Snake, a two-year-old horse named after his son. Jake won the Bet Direct No Q Maiden Stakes at Lingfield in December of that year, Ramsden's first win after prison. He later sold the horse after it failed to perform to expectations.
In 2009, he failed to keep up with payments claiming it was a result of being been unable to sell a property in Barbados.
Personal life.
Ramsden has been known for sporting a mullet. He lived a glamorous lifestyle owning multiple cars, houses, racehorses and at one time 30% of Chelsea F.C. and all of Walsall F.C.. He has a son, Jake, and ex-wife, Lisa.

</doc>
<doc id="56788815" url="?curid=56788815" title="1986 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1986 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1986 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1986 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his twelfth year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of seven wins and three losses (7–3, 3–2 NCAC). They made their way into the Top 20 three times during the season, but each time they lost their next game. The Pioneers outscored their opponents 234–187 for the 1986 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1987 NFL Draft.
The following finished their college career in 1986, were not drafted, but played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="56788817" url="?curid=56788817" title="Indian Super Cup">
Indian Super Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56788826" url="?curid=56788826" title="Levi Sanders">
Levi Sanders


</doc>
<doc id="56788827" url="?curid=56788827" title="2590 metres steeplechase">
2590 metres steeplechase


</doc>
<doc id="56788829" url="?curid=56788829" title="4000 metres steeplechase">
4000 metres steeplechase


</doc>
<doc id="56788833" url="?curid=56788833" title="Turnwold">
Turnwold

Turnwold, located near Eatonton, Georgia, was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The property then included five contributing buildings and three contributing sites.
It is located southeast of Eatonton on Old Phoenix Rd.
It includes two historic plantation houses. Also included are a detached kitchen, a mid-nineteenth-century academy, and a late nineteenth-century tenant house. The sites are two family cemeteries associated with the plantation houses, and the site of a printing shop.
The oldest of the two houses is the Alexander-Turner House, a Plantation Plain-style house built on a slight rise of ground. It is two-stories tall, with a one-story ell to the rear.
The other is the Lane-Turner House, a Federal-style two-over-two house with a hipped roof. This was in poor condition in 1979.
The school is the Phoenix Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="56788836" url="?curid=56788836" title="Carnegie stage">
Carnegie stage


</doc>
<doc id="56788837" url="?curid=56788837" title="Plantation houses">
Plantation houses


</doc>
<doc id="56788852" url="?curid=56788852" title="Alexander-Turner House">
Alexander-Turner House


</doc>
<doc id="56788855" url="?curid=56788855" title="Lane-Turner House">
Lane-Turner House


</doc>
<doc id="56788858" url="?curid=56788858" title="Antoni Porowski">
Antoni Porowski

Antoni Janusz Porowski (born March 14, 1984) is a Polish-Canadian television personality, actor, author, chef, and model. He is the food and wine expert on the Netflix series "Queer Eye". 
Early life.
Porowski was born in Montreal, Quebec, to Polish parents after they emigrated to Canada with his two older sisters. His father is a physician. He grew up speaking Polish, English, and French. He and his parents moved to Glade Springs, West Virginia, when he was twelve, and he resided there and in Montreal throughout his high school years before returning to Montreal to attend Marianopolis College and then university.
After graduating from Concordia University with a bachelor's degree in Psychology, Porowski moved to New York City to study acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre, from which he graduated in 2011. He taught himself to cook by referring to his grandmother's cooking techniques. 
Career.
Upon moving to New York City, Porowski began auditioning for various acting roles. He has stated that his Polish last name made it difficult for him to find work, which at the time made him consider anglicizing his last name. He has landed roles in movies such as "Elliot Loves" (2012), "Daddy's Boy" (2016), "The Pretenders" (2018), and as the lead officer in a 2014 episode of TV series "The Blacklist". Porowski was also featured in the 2015 short docudrama about the Vinnytsia massacre, "To My Father", as Adam Bandrowski. The short film was part of the 2016 Cannes Film Festival's Short Film Corner.
In the meantime, he worked in food service to cover his rent, first working as a busboy at a family-run Polish restaurant. He worked his way up in the restaurant industry, working as a waiter and sommelier, eventually managing a Bond Street sushi restaurant. 
In December 2017, it was announced that Porowski was hired as the food and wine expert in the Netflix revival of "Queer Eye", which began airing in February 2018.
In April 2018, Porowski signed a deal with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt for his first cookbook, released in Spring 2019. In June 2018, he announced that he would be opening The Village Den, a fast-casual restaurant in New York City's West Village. Additionally, Porowski deals vintage furniture.
On September 10, 2018, Porowski alongside co-hosts of "Queer Eye" received an Emmy for Outstanding Structured Reality Program.
Porowski was featured in Taylor Swift's "You Need to Calm Down" music video, released on June 17, 2019.
In November 2019, he was named Sexiest Reality Star by "People" magazine.
In June 2021 Porowski announced he is part of the new Equaversity Foundation, established to organize international fundraising to support the LGBT+ community in Poland.
Personal life.
He once lived in the same neighborhood as Ted Allen, the original "Queer Eye" food and wine expert and current host of Food Network cooking competition "Chopped." The two became friends, and for a time Porowski worked for Allen as a personal chef.
Porowski states that his sexuality is "a little more fluid along the spectrum" and prefers not to label himself. He dated Joey Krietemeyer for more than seven years before announcing their split in October 2018.
In 2019, Porowski and his "Queer Eye" costar Jonathan Van Ness set up a joint Instagram account, and posted seemingly romantic photographs. They later clarified that it was in jest.

</doc>
<doc id="56788871" url="?curid=56788871" title="2013 Kazakhstan Super Cup">
2013 Kazakhstan Super Cup

The 2013 Kazakhstan Super Cup was the 5th Kazakhstan Super Cup, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League, Shakhter Karagandy, and the previous season's Kazakhstan Cup, Astana, with the Shakhter Karagandy winning 3–2. This was both teams second appearance in the Kazakhstan Super Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="56788874" url="?curid=56788874" title="Africonus damioi">
Africonus damioi


</doc>
<doc id="56788883" url="?curid=56788883" title="1987 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1987 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1987 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1987 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 13th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of two wins and eight losses (2–8, 2–3 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 146–237 for the 1987 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1988 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56788885" url="?curid=56788885" title="Toonforce">
Toonforce


</doc>
<doc id="56788887" url="?curid=56788887" title="Toon-force">
Toon-force


</doc>
<doc id="56788892" url="?curid=56788892" title="Toon force">
Toon force


</doc>
<doc id="56788897" url="?curid=56788897" title="1927–28 Celtic F.C. season">
1927–28 Celtic F.C. season

During the 1927–28 Scottish football season, Celtic competed in the Scottish First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="56788914" url="?curid=56788914" title="Bird refuge">
Bird refuge


</doc>
<doc id="56788923" url="?curid=56788923" title="Bird sancturary">
Bird sancturary


</doc>
<doc id="56788926" url="?curid=56788926" title="Neuseddin">
Neuseddin


</doc>
<doc id="56788929" url="?curid=56788929" title="Haukur Hilmarsson">
Haukur Hilmarsson

Haukur Hilmarsson (22 July 1986 – 24 February 2018) was an Icelandic anarchist and political activist. He played a crucial role in initiating a movement for the rights of refugees in Iceland. He rose to prominence during the 2009 Icelandic financial crisis protests after climbing to the roof of the house of the Icelandic parliament, Alþingishúsið, and hoisting the flag of the Bónus supermarket chain on the building's flagpole. His arrest two weeks later resulted in an attempt by a crowd of protesters to storm the Icelandic Police headquarters in downtown Reykjavík where Haukur was held and from where he was subsequently released.
Death.
Haukur traveled to Syria in 2017 and joined an anarchist unit of the International Freedom Battalion called Revolutionary Union for Internationalist Solidarity (RUIS) alongside the YPG. He participated in the liberation of Raqqa that same year. On March 6, 2018, Turkish media reported that Haukur had been killed in a Turkish airstrike in Afrin on February 24. As of this writing, early June 2018, the news remain unverified and Haukur's body has not been retrieved.
Personal life.
Haukur was the son of Icelandic activist and writer Eva Hauksdóttir.

</doc>
<doc id="56788950" url="?curid=56788950" title="Ida Kotátkova">
Ida Kotátkova


</doc>
<doc id="56788954" url="?curid=56788954" title="Eliska Fürstova">
Eliska Fürstova


</doc>
<doc id="56788958" url="?curid=56788958" title="Muhammad ibn Muhammad ibn al-Hasan al-Tūsī">
Muhammad ibn Muhammad ibn al-Hasan al-Tūsī


</doc>
<doc id="56788959" url="?curid=56788959" title="1988 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1988 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1988 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1988 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 14th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of two wins and nine losses (2–9, 1–4 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 145–229 for the 1988 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1989 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56788963" url="?curid=56788963" title="Donald Pretty">
Donald Pretty


</doc>
<doc id="56788975" url="?curid=56788975" title="Echium nervosum">
Echium nervosum

Echium nervosum is a species of flowering plants of the family Boraginaceae. It is endemic to Madeira. The specific name "nervosum" is from Latin and means "veined".
Description.
It is a compact woody shrub, average height , maximum height . The leaves are narrow, densely haired and silver green. Its flowers are pale blue to pale bluish rose and sit in an egg-shaped inflorescence.

</doc>
<doc id="56788984" url="?curid=56788984" title="Carl-Eric Bulow">
Carl-Eric Bulow

Carl Eric Bulow was a male Swedish international table tennis player.
Table tennis career.
He won a silver medal at the 1930 World Table Tennis Championships in the men's team event.
He won the first Swedish Championship in 1927 representing KFUM Göteborg.

</doc>
<doc id="56788991" url="?curid=56788991" title="Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo Switch">
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo Switch


</doc>
<doc id="56788994" url="?curid=56788994" title="Seddin station">
Seddin station

Seddin station is a railway station in Neuseddin, district of the municipality Seddiner See located in the district of Potsdam-Mittelmark, Brandenburg, Germany. It is one of the most important classification yards of DB Netz in the eastern part of Germany and belongs to the nine large train formation facilities of DB Cargo in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56788997" url="?curid=56788997" title="Abasa, Somalia">
Abasa, Somalia


</doc>
<doc id="56789000" url="?curid=56789000" title="Run with the hunted">
Run with the hunted


</doc>
<doc id="56789004" url="?curid=56789004" title="Jiminy glick">
Jiminy glick


</doc>
<doc id="56789007" url="?curid=56789007" title="Spilane">
Spilane


</doc>
<doc id="56789019" url="?curid=56789019" title="1989 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1989 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1989 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1989 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 15th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of one win and eight losses (1–8, 1–4 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 140–292 for the 1989 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1990 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56789024" url="?curid=56789024" title="Julie Schwartz Gottman">
Julie Schwartz Gottman

Julie Schwartz Gottman (born April 7, 1951) is an American clinical psychologist, researcher, speaker, and author. Together with her husband and collaborator, John Gottman, she is the co-founder of The Gottman Institute - an organization dedicated to strengthening relationships through research-based products and programs. She is the co-creator of the Sound Relationship House Theory, Gottman Method Couples Therapy, and The Art and Science of Love weekend workshop for couples, among other programs. In addition to her internationally recognized clinical work, Julie Schwartz Gottman is the author or co-author of six books - "Ten Lessons to Transform Your Marriage, And Baby Makes Three, 10 Principles for Doing Effective Couples Therapy, The Man’s Guide to Women, The Marriage Clinic Casebook, and The Science of Couples and Family Therapy". She is also the co-author of over 30 peer-reviewed journal articles.
Early life and education.
Julie Schwartz Gottman was born in Portland, Oregon, the daughter of Marvin and Selma Schwartz. She completed her Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Psychology at Colorado College in 1974. In the years following college, she completed an M.Ed. in Community Mental Health Counseling from Northeastern University Graduate School of Education in 1976 and later, lived in India and Nepal for a year that included serving people in poverty in Calcutta. After returning to the U.S. in 1979, she earned a Master of Arts (MA) in Clinical Psychology in 1981 and Ph.D. from the California School of Professional Psychology (CSPP), San Diego in 1985.
Career.
Julie Schwartz Gottman began her professional career while at college, where she helped establish a counseling center for rape victims, combat veterans, and others in need. After moving to Boston, she worked with patients suffering from schizophrenia or heroin addiction in a Massachusetts General Hospital outpatient program in the Boston "combat zone." Between 1976 and 1978, she served as psychiatric staff at the University of Oregon Medical Center Psychiatric Crisis Unit where she continued to treat impoverished individuals with serious mental illnesses.
After returning from India, her clinical work included residential treatment for young adults with schizophrenia, and individual and group work with incest survivors. She later specialized in working with low-income clients, incest and sexual assault survivors, combat veterans, and cancer patients and their families. In 1983, she helped to develop and implement a program to treat and prevent sexual harassment on campus at the University of California at San Diego.
During the 1980s, she conducted research that compared the effects of lesbian and heterosexual mother's parenting of now adult-aged daughters in order to examine the commonly held judicial position that children of lesbian mothers should be removed from them for their own well-being. Prior to this study, no adults raised by lesbian mothers had been scientifically studied. No significant differences were found in sexual orientation, gender identity, or social adjustment between daughters either raised by lesbian or heterosexual mothers. As a result of this research, she has served as an expert witness in lesbian mothers’ court custody disputes, and her practice includes seeing women and men of any sexual orientations.
In 1996, Julie Schwartz Gottman co-founded The Gottman Institute in Seattle with John Gottman. She served as the Clinical Director from 1996 to 2001 and CEO from 1999 to 2001. She currently serves as President of the organization. She helped design and direct the "Couples Together Against Violence" research study to develop an evidence-based group therapy method for treating domestic violence. She also created and served as the Clinical Director of "Loving Couples Loving Children," a national program for treating couples in poverty that was tested with over 3,000 couples.
She has offered scores of talks and workshops over the years for Evolution of Psychotherapy Conferences, Psychotherapy Networker Symposiums, American Psychological Association (APA) annual conferences, and American Association of Marriage and Family Therapy (AAMFT) annual conferences. She has also taught in countries worldwide, including Turkey, South Korea, Japan, Australia, Norway, Iceland, Israel, Austria, and New Zealand.
Together with John Gottman, she has presented The Art and Science of Love weekend workshop to thousands of couples in Seattle, Washington and has trained more than 100,000 clinicians worldwide in Gottman Method Couples Therapy, a science-based approach that aims to increase respect, affection, and closeness, manage conflict, generate greater understanding, and create shared meaning in relationships.
She is the author or co-author of "Ten Lessons to Transform Your Marriage" (Three Rivers Press, 2006), "And Baby Makes Three" (Three Rivers Press, 2007), "10 Principles for Doing Effective Couples Therapy" (W.W. Norton &amp; Company, 2015), "The Man’s Guide to Women" (Rodale, 2016), "The Marriage Clinic Casebook" (W.W. Norton &amp; Company, 2004), and "The Science of Couples and Family Therapy" (W.W. Norton &amp; Company, 2018). Her articles have appeared in many peer-reviewed journals and national media publications.
In December 2015, she appeared on Talks at Google on Modern Romance moderated by Logan Ury to discuss common misconceptions about relationships.
Gottman maintains a private practice on Orcas Island, where she specializes in working with distressed couples, abuse and trauma survivors, those with substance abuse problems and their partners, and cancer patients and their families. She also offers Marathon Therapy and Private Couples Retreats.
She is a member of the American Psychological Association, the National Organization for Women, and the Sierra Club.
Honors and awards.
In 2002, the Washington State Psychological Association (WSPA) honored Julie Schwartz Gottman with "The Distinguished Psychologist of the Year Award." She also received the 2005 Certificate of Appreciation from the U.S. Army. Drs. John and Julie Gottman were named the "renowned experts on marital stability" by The Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="56789025" url="?curid=56789025" title="Indira Allegra">
Indira Allegra

Indira Allegra is a multidisciplinary American artist and writer based in Oakland, California.
Background and Education.
Allegra was born in Detroit, Michigan and moved to Portland, Oregon in the 1980s. 
Allegra studied Biology at Yale University in the late 1990s but left and later completed an Associate of Applied Science degree in Sign Language Interpretation from Portland Community College in 2005 and a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the California College of Arts in 2015.
Allegra has worked as a sign language interpreter, domestic violence advocate, union organizer, teaching artist, and in the service industry.
Art and Awards.
Allegra makes work concerned with memorial and social tension. They work in a variety of genres and media, including performative craft, poetry, dance, weaving, sculpture, assemblage, and site-specific installations. Their work has been featured in exhibitions at the Museum of Arts and Design, The University of Chicago's Arts Incubator, John Michael Kohler Arts Center, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, Mills College Art Museum, Museum of the African Diaspora, and SOMArts. They have been awarded as a YBCA 100 Honoree (2020), Minnesota Street Project's California Black Voices Project Grant (2020), the Museum of Arts and Design's Burke Prize (2019). the Fleishhacker Foundation's Eureka Fellowship (2019), the Artadia Award (2018), the Mike Kelley Foundation Artist Project Grant (2018), 
the MAP Fund (2018), the Tosa Studio Award (2018), 
the Windgate Craft Fellowship (2015),
and the San Francisco Foundation's Joseph Henry Jackson Literary Award (2014).
Writing.
Allegra published Blackout with Sming Sming Books in 2017. Their writing has appeared in American Craft, Art Journal, Foglifter Magazine, Cream City Review and Wordgathering: A Journal of Disability Poetry. Their work has been anthologized in "Dear Sister", "Red Indian Road West: Native American Poetry from California" and "Sovereign Erotics: A Collection of Two-Spirit Literature" among others.

</doc>
<doc id="56789031" url="?curid=56789031" title="Echium maderense">
Echium maderense


</doc>
<doc id="56789066" url="?curid=56789066" title="Ponyride">
Ponyride

Ponyride is a nonprofit located in Detroit, Michigan. Since 2011, the organization has occupied a 33,000 square foot building located at 1401 Vermont Street in the Corktown neighborhood. Founded by Phil Cooley and Kate Bordine, Ponyride offers affordable workspace, educational and material resources, and networking tools to artists, entrepreneurs, craftspeople, and other nonprofits.
Description.
The building Ponyride occupies was originally built in 1935 as a printing facility for the automotive industry, designed by Smith, Hinchman and Grylls. Ponyride currently rents space to over 60 residents on a month-to-month lease term. The facility also includes a dance studio, coffee shop, and event space. Most of the tenants produce work centered on a community focus, enhancing social welfare in Detroit to some capacity. For example, Ponyride served as an incubator for the Empowerment Plan which manufactures specialized coats that double as sleeping bags for the homeless population.
In 2017, Ponyride became the first Detroit coworking space to offer on-site child care. The foundation received more national buzz when MythBusters' Adam Savage toured the facility for his video series Tested.com. The New York Times also featured Ponyride and spoke to founder Phil Cooley in their feature, "Detroit, the Most Exciting City in America?" Additionally in 2017, the Ponyride Market Summer Series became a monthly event, giving resident makers of the building a direct means of vending to the community.

</doc>
<doc id="56789078" url="?curid=56789078" title="Carolyn McAskie">
Carolyn McAskie

Carolyn McAskie (born 15 December 1946) is a Canadian diplomat and former assistant secretary-general for peacekeeping at the United Nations. She was the head of the United Nations mission to Burundi (ONUB) in 2004, making her the first Canadian to lead a United Nations peacekeeping mission following the UN's switch to complex missions.
Biography.
McAskie was born in Glasgow, Scotland. She entered the Canadian Civil Service in 1968.
From 1975–1980, McAskie served as Assistant Director of Finance and Personnel at the Commonwealth Secretariat in London.
Her first major role with the government of Canada was as Canadian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka and the Maldives in 1983. In 1985, she participated in the World Conference on Women. In 1993, McAskie began working at the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA). She served as Vice-President for African and the Middle Eastern programs, as well as Vice-President for CIDA's multilateral programs.
As of 2018, McAskie is a senior fellow at the University of Ottawa's Graduate School of Public and International Affairs. She was also a director for CANADEM, and a director of Pearson Peacekeeping Centre.
United Nations.
McAskie has been a part of multiple delegations to the United Nations. She was appointed deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator in 1999. She replaced Sérgio Vieira de Mello and became the interim Emergency Relief Coordinator from 1999–2004 due to De Mello's mission in Timor-Leste. She has assisted in several relief efforts in Africa over her term. As coordinator, she visited Ethiopia, Eritrea, and Kenya on 10 July 2000, to examine the effects of the drought and to organize relief efforts. McAskie visited the Democratic Republic of the Congo in May 2003 to assess renewed fighting in Ituri.
From 2004 to April 2006, McAskie was the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and head of the United Nations mission (ONUB) to Burundi, and led ceasefire talks in the Burundian Civil War. She was the first Canadian to lead a UN peacekeeping mission following the United Nations' switch to complex missions.
On 16 May 2006, McAskie was named assistant secretary-general for peacebuilding support.
Awards.
In April 2005, McAskie received an honorary degree from the University of British Columbia.
On 3 May 2007, McAskie was awarded with the Order of Canada for her efforts in peacekeeping and international diplomacy.

</doc>
<doc id="56789136" url="?curid=56789136" title="Tonkin weasel">
Tonkin weasel

The Tonkin weasel ("Mustela tonkinensis") is a species of weasel described by Björkegren in 1941. It is known only from a singular specimen collected from an undisclosed location in Northern Vietnam. Originally believed to be a form of either the least weasel or the yellow-bellied weasel, the species was distinguished as a separate variety on the basis of skull differences by Groves in 2007.
Description.
A standard-sized weasel, the Tonkin weasel measures between 20 and 25 centimetres in body length, with a tail length of between 10 and 11 centimetres. The upper section of the body is medium brown, while the throat, chest and stomach are white in colour. The colouring of the fur is regarded as 'vulgaris-type', which is characterised by an indented demarcation line between the areas of brown and white colour in both the neck and trunk regions. The weasel is distinguished from other species by the size of the narrow skull.
Distribution and habitat.
The recorded specimen is believed to have originated from a mountain range within the Hoàng Liên National Park in the Lào Cai Province. Although Björkegren initially recorded the location of the specimen as in close proximity Sa Pa, it has been concluded by Abramov that the point of origin was more likely to have been from Seo My Ty to the southwest of the town. Thereby, it is probable that the species, if extant, survives within temperate fokienia forest of the sub-alpine highlands of Northern Vietnam.
Behaviour.
In association with other endemic species, it is probable that the Tonkin weasel consumes a similar carnivorous diet. Therefore, it is likely that their diet may consist of birds, insects and other rodents, including Père David's vole and the Eurasian Harvest Mouse. Despite adequate abilities in relation to climbing, it is unlikely that arboreal and scansorial animals would form a portion of their diet.
Population.
The population of the species remains unknown, as it has only been recorded on a single occasion when caught in 1939. It remains possible that concentrations of the population still exist within the higher altitude areas of the Indochina Peninsula, as there is no evidence that, despite extensive land clearing in the region, the weasel is in any way dependent on the temperate forest ecosystem. Despite surveys between 2005 and 2012 which involved numerous discussions with the local Hmong people and forest rangers, no supplementary sightings of the weasel have been reported to date.
Threats.
The weasel is believed to be located within a region where hunting in all forms is relatively intense, and it is therefore tenable to suggest that the species may be in decline. The placement of traps to catch other rodents and birds in the highlands may also place the weasel in inadvertent danger. In addition, much of the suggested area of habitation has been prone to fragmentation for agricultural purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="56789145" url="?curid=56789145" title="Chimera (novel series)">
Chimera (novel series)

 is a Japanese novel series written by Baku Yumemakura. An anime film adaptation directed by Mamoru Oshii is in production.
Publication.
Baku Yumemakura originally published the series as 16 "bunkobon" volumes between 1982 and 2002, with cover illustrations by Yoshitaka Amano. It was later rereleased as 8 "tankōbon" volumes between 2000 and 2002, again with covers by Yoshitaka Amano. Both the "bunkobon" and "tankōbon" editions were published by Asahi Sonorama. Asahi Shimbun Publications began publishing a new edition with covers by Katsuya Terada in 2008, and Kadokawa Shoten began publishing a separate edition, with covers by Shirow Miwa, in 2013.
Anime film adaptation.
On March 5, 2018, Yumemakura's agency revealed via Twitter that Mamoru Oshii will adapt the novels for screen. A note by Yumemakura in the 13th volume of the novels confirmed that the adaptation will be an anime film, although Oshii's role in the production was not specified. Comic Natalie later reported that he would serve as director.

</doc>
<doc id="56789148" url="?curid=56789148" title="Jeffrey Erlanger">
Jeffrey Erlanger


</doc>
<doc id="56789156" url="?curid=56789156" title="Etienne Momokoamas">
Etienne Momokoamas


</doc>
<doc id="56789167" url="?curid=56789167" title="Gökçeada (Island)">
Gökçeada (Island)


</doc>
<doc id="56789169" url="?curid=56789169" title="Etienne Chavannes">
Etienne Chavannes


</doc>
<doc id="56789182" url="?curid=56789182" title="Double date (disambiguation)">
Double date (disambiguation)

A double date or group date is a romantic or social activity involving more than one couple.
Double date or double dating may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56789183" url="?curid=56789183" title="Nikolai Georgievich Makarov">
Nikolai Georgievich Makarov

Nikolai Georgievich Makarov (; born January 1955) is a Russian mathematician. He is known for his work in complex analysis and its applications to mathematical physics. He is currently the Richard Merkin Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Caltech, where he has been teaching since 1991.
Career.
Makarov belongs to the Leningrad school of geometric function theory. He studied at the Leningrad State University with undergraduate degree in 1982. He completed his Ph.D. (Candidate of Science) from the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in 1986 under Nikolai Nikolski with thesis "Metric properties of harmonic measure" (title translated from Russian).
In 1986 he was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Berkeley, California. In 1986 he was awarded the Salem Prize for solving difficult problems involving the boundary behavior of the conformal mapping of a disk onto a domain with a Jordan curve boundary using stochastic methods. He was an academic at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in Leningrad. Since the 1990s he has been a professor at Caltech. In 2020, he was awarded the Rolf Schock Prize .
His doctoral students include the Fields medallist Stanislav Smirnov and Dapeng Zhan. With Zhan, Makarov published research on the stochastic properties of iterated polynomial maps (theory of Julia sets).
Makarov's theorem.
Let Ω be a simply connected domain in the complex plane. Suppose that ∂Ω (the boundary of Ω) is a Jordan curve. Then the harmonic measure on ∂Ω has Hausdorff dimension 1.

</doc>
<doc id="56789194" url="?curid=56789194" title="Cousins for Life">
Cousins for Life

Cousins for Life is an American comedy television series created by Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert that aired on Nickelodeon from November 24, 2018 to June 8, 2019. The series stars Scarlet Spencer, Dallas Dupree Young, Micah Abbey, Ron G, and Ishmel Sahid.
Premise.
When his wife is deployed on a mission across the sea, Clark takes his son Stuart where they move to Portland to live with Clark's uptight brother Lewis and his children Ivy and Leaf. Since moving in together, Stuart and Ivy partake in different activities together while having different misadventures along the way.
Production.
The series was green-lit with a 20-episode order on March 8, 2018, and premiered in November 2018. Production began in Los Angeles in summer 2018. Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert serve as executive producers. On October 29, 2018, it was announced that a sneak peek of the series would air on November 24, 2018. New episodes of the series resumed on January 5, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56789199" url="?curid=56789199" title="Gökçeada (island)">
Gökçeada (island)


</doc>
<doc id="56789219" url="?curid=56789219" title="Alexander Y. Perepilichny">
Alexander Y. Perepilichny


</doc>
<doc id="56789221" url="?curid=56789221" title="Annie Ackerman">
Annie Ackerman

Annie Ackerman (1914 - March 1, 1989) was an American political activist. Known as the Condo Queen, she moved to Miami in 1969 from Chicago. In Florida, she became a prominent member of the Florida Democratic Party. She was inducted into the Florida Women's Hall of Fame. 
Life.
She grew up in Chicago. In 1969, she and her husband, Irving, moved to North Miami Beach.
She led a condo association, and her endorsement was often sought by local politicians and presidential candidates. A 30-block stretch of Biscayne Boulevard was named after her, and Charles Whitehead said that Ackerman "wields more power than any other private citizen in Florida". She controlled 40,000 votes, and influenced thousands more. She was acquainted with Jimmy Carter, Walter Mondale, and Michael Dukakis, all of whom she endorsed for their presidential campaigns. In her early life, Ackerman worked for Richard J. Daley, and she often organized protests.

</doc>
<doc id="56789250" url="?curid=56789250" title="1989 British Open">
1989 British Open

The 1989 Anglian Windows British Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament, that was held from 1 February to 5 March 1989 with television coverage beginning on 25 February at the Assembly Rooms in Derby, England.
Tony Meo would win his only ranking event in snooker, defeating Dean Reynolds 13 frames to 6 in the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="56789252" url="?curid=56789252" title="Adelina Zendejas Gómez">
Adelina Zendejas Gómez


</doc>
<doc id="56789255" url="?curid=56789255" title="The Ring (franchise)">
The Ring (franchise)

Ring (), also known as The Ring, is a Japanese media franchise, that was later adapted for English speakers, based on the novel series of the same name written by Koji Suzuki. The franchise includes eight Japanese films, two television series, six manga adaptations, three English-language film remakes, a Korean film remake, and two video games; ' and '.
The films revolve around a cursed videotape that kills anyone who watches it seven days later. The videotape was created by a psychic, Sadako Yamamura, who was murdered by her adoptive father and thrown into a well. After her supposed death, she returned as a ghostly serial killer, killing anyone who fails to copy and then send the videotape to someone else under a seven-day deadline (constricted to a two-day deadline in "Sadako vs. Kayako").
Japanese media.
Novels.
The franchise began with Koji Suzuki's 1991 novel "Ring". It was the first of a trilogy, with two sequels: "Spiral" (1995) and "Loop" (1998). Several later novels based on "Ring" were released: "Birthday" (1999) [which contains a prequel to Ring, an epilogue to Loop, and details what happened to a key character in Spiral], "S" (2012), and "Tide" (2013).
Films.
In 1998, Hideo Nakata made a new Japanese adaptation of the book in his film "Ring", initiating the franchise. The original sequel to this was "Rasen", an adaptation of "Spiral" (Suzuki's sequel to his first "Ring" book). However, due to poor reception, a new sequel, "Ring 2", was released in 1999 which continued the storyline of "Ring", but was not based on Suzuki's books. This was followed by a 2000 prequel, "", which was based on the short story "Lemon Heart" from Suzuki's 1999 book, "Birthday". These films delved into a uniquely different mythos surrounding Sadako Yamamura and the cursed videotape. These changes led the franchise to attain a cult status, both domestically and internationally, popularizing the Japanese horror genre as a whole and the stringy black-haired yūrei trope. 
In 2012, "Sadako 3D" was released, adapted from Suzuki's book "S", and in 2013 "Sadako 3D 2" was released, continuing the timeline of "Spiral".
"Sadako" was released on May 24, 2019, with Hideo Nakata returning as director. This marks the first entry in his timeline since "Ring 2", 20 years prior.
Television.
The first adaption of "Ring" was the Japanese television film "Ring" (titled "Ring: Kanzenban" for home video release), released in 1995. This remained the closest to the book but didn't have the success and recognition of the later films.
"" is a 12 episode self-contained miniseries that aired in 1999, and is loosely based on the original "Ring" novel. It is not connected to the films or the previous television adaptation.
In the same year, a sequel television miniseries titled "Rasen" was made, consisting of 13 episodes.
Crossover film.
In 2016, "Sadako vs. Kayako", directed by Kōji Shiraishi, was released, a crossover of the "Ju-on" series of horror films, though not canon to either timeline, as the deadline for the video tape is 2 days instead of 7. It features Sadakaya, a ghost that resulted from the fusion of Sadako and the "Ju-on" antagonist Kayako Saeki.
Manga.
Several manga series have been published by Kadokawa Shoten based on the films. The second manga adaptation is a two-volume series based on the first novel. The manga was written Hiroshi Takahashi and illustrated by Misao Inagaki. Both volumes were released on January 21, 1999. Dark Horse Comics compiled the first two volumes and released an english-language version on November 12, 2003. 
The third adaptation, was written by Hiroshi Takahashi and illustrated by Meimu, was released on February 3, 1999. Dark Horse Comics released it on May 19, 2004 as the second volume of "the Ring" manga series. 
The fourth adaptation, titled , is based on the novel and film of the same name. The manga was written by Koji Suzuki, illustrated by Sakura Mizuki, and released on September 10, 1999. Dark Horse released it on August 18, 2004 as volume 3 of "the Ring" manga series.
The fifth adaptation, titled , is based on the novel and film of the same name. The manga was written by Hiroshi Takahashi, illustrated by Meimu and released on December 22, 1999. Dark Horse Comics released it on November 3, 2004 as volume 4 of "the Ring" manga series. 
The sixth, named "", was also written by Hiroshi Takahashi and illustrated by Meimu, and released on January 28, 2000. Dark Horse Comics released it on March 30, 2005 as "Volume 0" of "the Ring" manga series.
Korean remake.
"The Ring Virus" was the first remake to be made, in 1999, where the killer is renamed as Park Eun-suh, who is a hermaphrodite, unlike the biologically female Sadako in the films. Though the film copied multiple scenes from "Ring", it is, like "Ring: Kanzenban", very faithful to the original novel series.
American films.
In 2002, an English-language remake was made, titled "The Ring", where the killer is renamed as Samara Morgan, who is a preteen instead of an adolescent woman. "The Ring" was one of the highest-grossing horror remakes, its box office gross surpassing that of "Ring." Two sequels were made, including a short film. 
"The Ring" (2002).
Journalist Rachel Keller investigates a videotape that may have killed four teenagers (including her niece). There is an urban legend about this tape: the viewer will die seven days after watching it. If the legend is correct, Rachel would have to run against time to save her son's and her own.
"Rings" (2005 short film).
Jake Pierce, a young teenager, watches a cursed video tape after joining a teen cult named "Rings".
"The Ring Two" (2005).
High school student Jake Pierce tries to make his girlfriend Emily watch the cursed videotape. After discovering that Emily covered her eyes and didn't watch the tape, he is killed by Samara Morgan from the first film. Rachel Keller learns of Jake's death and realizes she has to save her son Aidan from Samara.
"Rings" (2017 feature film).
Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend when he explores a dark subculture surrounding a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after he has viewing the tape. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and hence makes a horrifying discovery: there is a "movie within the movie" that no one has ever seen before.
Future.
In September 2019, "The Grudge" director Nicolas Pesce expressed interest in a crossover film between "The Grudge" and the English-language "The Ring" film series.
Japanese cast and crew.
Cast.
Key
American cast and crew.
Cast.
Key
Reception.
The original 1991 novel "Ring" sold 500,000 copies by January 1998, and 1.5million copies by July 2000.
Critical and audience response.
In his review of Sadako (2019), the film critic and psychoanalyst Pieter-Jan Van Haecke remarked that while Sadako does not work as a horror movie, the atmospheric tension that marks the films turn the film into an enjoyable experience.
Unofficial films.
In 2015, "Hikiko-san vs Sadako" (or simply "Hikiko vs Sadako"), directed by Nagaoka Hisaaki was released. While the DVD cover features a character resembling Sadako emerging from a well, the character in the film is named Sadako Takamura.
In 2016 and 2017, "Bunshinsaba vs Sadako" and "Bunshinsaba vs Sadako 2", both directed by River Huang, a crossover with the "Bunshinsaba" film series, were released. A third film, "Bunshinsaba vs Sadako 3", is currently scheduled to be released in late 2020.
"The Return of Sadako", released in 2018, was the first stand-alone Chinese "Ring" film to be made following the crossover film "Bunshinaba vs. Sadako" in 2016; produced by Scarecrow Pictures, the film's killers renamed as sisters Sadako and Kawako, who flee to China alongside their father after the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, before turning against one another for the love of a Japanese boy; years later a projector is discovered in their house with their souls imprinted upon it. Though the film was marketed as an unofficial sequel to "Sadako 3D 2", it is in-fact a remake.

</doc>
<doc id="56789268" url="?curid=56789268" title="Jerod Haas">
Jerod Haas


</doc>
<doc id="56789298" url="?curid=56789298" title="Jared Hasse">
Jared Hasse


</doc>
<doc id="56789305" url="?curid=56789305" title="Wu Te-mei">
Wu Te-mei

Wu Te-mei (; 23 November 1947 – 6 December 2015) was a Taiwanese politician.
Wu was born on 23 November 1947 in Kaohsiung. In 1972, her husband mounted an independent bid for the Kaohsiung City Council. For supporting his campaign, Wu was expelled from the Kuomintang. Wu herself served on the Kaohsiung City Council between 1981 and 1985. In 1983, Wu won her first election to the Legislative Yuan, and retained her seat in 1986, 1989, and 1993. 
Throughout their political careers, Wu and Chu invested in several businesses. In May 2000, the couple were charged with accounting fraud. By December 2002, when Chu was elected city council speaker, the case had not yet been heard in court. Later that month, both Wu and Chu were arrested and a court hearing was scheduled for January 2003. Shortly after questioning by prosecutors, Wu was released on bail while Chu remained in custody. Chu did not report to the Kaohsiung District Prosecutors' Office to begin serving his sentence in October 2003. The next month, Wu claimed that Chu's political rival Chen Tien-miao had bought votes to win the 1994 speakership election and called for the Kaohsiung District Prosecutors' Office to investigate him. The allegations were made on the same day the Kaohsiung District Court had sentenced Wu to six months imprisonment. Her sentence was eventually extended to six years and eight months, which she began serving in 2009. Wu was released on medical parole in 2013 and underwent dialysis treatments. The Kaohsiung District Court ruled in a separate case heard in February 2010, that Wu was guilty of vote buying on her daughter's behalf in a 2006 municipal election. Wu died aged 68 on 6 December 2015, of kidney failure caused by diabetes. Chu, who had left for China, did not return for Wu's funeral held on 21 December 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56789311" url="?curid=56789311" title="Jared Haase">
Jared Haase


</doc>
<doc id="56789337" url="?curid=56789337" title="Martin Freyer">
Martin Freyer

Martin Freyer (born 4 October 1995 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean-born Namibian cyclist. In February 2018, he won the Namibian National Road Race Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56789359" url="?curid=56789359" title="Enter Alexis (Dynasty 1981)">
Enter Alexis (Dynasty 1981)


</doc>
<doc id="56789366" url="?curid=56789366" title="Enter Alexis (Dynasty 2017)">
Enter Alexis (Dynasty 2017)


</doc>
<doc id="56789377" url="?curid=56789377" title="Paraphrase detection">
Paraphrase detection


</doc>
<doc id="56789379" url="?curid=56789379" title="2016–17 in Czech football">
2016–17 in Czech football

The 2016–17 season is the 24th season of competitive football in the Czech Republic.
League season.
Women.
Czech First Division.
Czech First Division Standings.
Regular Season
Championship Round
Relegation Group

</doc>
<doc id="56789398" url="?curid=56789398" title="Long reads">
Long reads


</doc>
<doc id="56789408" url="?curid=56789408" title="Franklin Project">
Franklin Project

The Franklin Project was a policy program of the Aspen Institute from October 2012 to December 2015, that focused on advancing national service in the United States. Walter Isaacson called the project the "biggest idea" to come out of the Aspen Ideas Festival during his tenure as CEO of the Aspen Institute. In January 2016, the project merged with ServiceNation and the Service Year Exchange project of the National Conference on Citizenship to form Service Year Alliance (a new 501c3 non-profit operating as a joint venture of the Aspen Institute and Be The Change, Inc.).
History.
In 2012, Stanley McChrystal was interviewed by Bob Schieffer at the Aspen Ideas Festival. As part of that interview, McChrystal was asked whether or not he believed in the draft. He responded that he thought every young person should serve, but the military does not need every young person, so we need to create more opportunities for all young Americans to serve.
McChrystal's remarks generated a lot of enthusiasm within the Aspen Institute community and several leaders within the United States national service community, along with Aspen Institute CEO Walter Isaacson, approached him to see if he would be interested in helping to form a new initiative around the concept that every young person should do a year or more of national service. He agreed and the Franklin Project was created in October 2012 as a policy program of the Aspen Institute.
The project built out a five-person team and a variety of councils of prominent Americans to advance the concept that a year or more of national service should become a common opportunity and expectation for young Americans. The project primarily relied on summits, convenings, initiatives, and writing by thought leaders associated with the project to make progress on its mission.
Over time, the project began to explore how it might work more closely together with its partners ServiceNation, the Service Year Exchange project of the National Conference on Citizenship, and Voices for National Service. With support from the Einhorn Family Charitable Trust, the four organizations worked together to develop a joint operating plan to ensure their collective efforts were adding up to impact greater than the sum of their individual efforts. At the end of a year-long planning process, three of the organizations (the Franklin Project, Service Nation, the Service Year Exchange project of the National Conference on Citizenship) decided the best way to achieve the new plan was to merge. The new 501c3 non-profit organization is called Service Year Alliance, and operates as a joint venture between the Aspen Institute and Be The Change, Inc. Voices for National Service decided to remain independent, but is a close partner of the new organization.
Summits.
21st Century National Service Summit.
From June 24–25, 2013, the project hosted the "21st Century National Service Summit" in Aspen, Colorado, as the first ever signature lead-in event to the Aspen Ideas Festival. The summit sought to "present bold new ideas to make national service a common expectation and opportunity for all young Americans" and inspire participants to "make specific commitments to fulfill the vision of the Franklin Project." Over 275 leaders from business, labor, higher education, government, military, faith-based community, philanthropy, and nonprofit organizations attended. At the summit the project also released its "21st Century National Service Action Plan".
Speakers at the summit included: Gen. Stanley McChrystal, Former Commander, International Security Assistance Force &amp; US Forces Afghanistan and chair of the Franklin Project's Leadership Council; CNN Senior Political Analyst and Director of Harvard Kennedy School Center for Public Leadership David Gergen; Vice President Biden's Chief of Staff Bruce Reed; former Deputy Undersecretary of Defense Rob Gordon, Clinton Foundation Board Member Chelsea Clinton; Former US Senator Mel Martinez; Corporation for National and Community Service CEO Wendy Spencer; Journalist, Author &amp; Former California First Lady Maria Shriver; Civic Enterprises CEO and Franklin Project Co-Chair John Bridgeland; City Year Co-Founder and Franklin Project Co-Chair Alan Khazei; ABC News Contributor Matthew Dowd; Former Undersecretary of Defense Michèle Flournoy; Teach For America Founder and Chair Wendy Kopp; former Governor of Idaho, U.S. Senator &amp; US Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne; Global Health Corps CEO and Co-Founder Barbara Bush; Target Community Relations President Laysha Ward; Huffington Post President, Chair and Editor-in-Chief Arianna Huffington; Former Bush White House Director of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives John DiIulio; PBS President Paula Kerger; White House Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation Director Jonathan Greenblatt; Peace Corps Deputy Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet; Former Assistant to President George W. Bush, Michael Gerson; New Orleans, LA Mayor Mitch Landrieu; Providence, RI Mayor Angel Taveras; Nashville, TN Mayor Karl Dean; Bank of America Foundation President Kerry Sullivan; and Aspen Institute President and CEO Walter Isaacson.
The summit was sponsored by JPMorgan Chase, Target, Accenture, Bank of America, Burson Marsteller, TIME Magazine, Laura &amp; Gary Lauder, Jonathan &amp; Jeannie Lavine, The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund, the Hauptman Family Foundation, Case Foundation, Entertainment Industry Foundation, Bright House Networks, State Farm, Voices For National Service, and The MCJ Amelior Foundation.
Summit at Gettysburg: Our Unfinished Work.
From June 4–6, 2014, the project hosted the "Summit at Gettysburg: Our Unfinished Work" in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, in partnership with the National Conference on Citizenship, ServiceNation, and Voices for National Service. The summit sought to "awaken a new citizenship in the country, grounded in a service year as a rite of passage for all 18 to 28 year olds." Over 350 participants from the private sector, higher education, government, the military, faith communities, philanthropy, and nonprofit organizations attended.
Speakers at the summit included: Franklin Project Leadership Council Chair General (Ret.) Stanley McChrystal; Vice-Chair of the Clinton Foundation Chelsea Clinton; CEO &amp; Co-Founder of Global Health Corps Barbara Bush; CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen; Co-host of CNN's "Crossfire" S.E. Cupp; "Washington Post" Columnist E.J. Dionne; Author and Former Senior Editor of "Newsweek" Jonathan Alter, CNN Political Contributor Paul Begala; "Washington Post" Columnist Michael Gerson; US Army Captain (Ret.) and Author Wes Moore; Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs at Cisco Tae Yoo; Chairman &amp; CEO of Special Olympics Tim Shriver; Chief Marketing Officer at eBay Richelle Parham; Chief Diversity Officer and Senior Vice President at Time Warner, Lisa Garcia Quiroz; Vice President at Google[x] Megan Smith; Head of Social Impact at LinkedIn Meg Garlinghouse; President of Be the Change Rob Gordon; US President United Way Worldwide Stacey Stewart; CEO of Catholic Charities Rev. Larry Snyder; Former US Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood; CEO of the Corporation for National and Community Service Wendy Spencer; Former Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council and chair Forum for Community Solutions Melody Barnes; Former Member of the US House of Representatives Harold Ford, Jr.; Mayor of Flint, MI Dayne Walling; Former US Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings; Former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army General (Ret.) Peter W. Chiarelli; Former Chairman of the FCC Michael Powell; and President and CEO of the Aspen Institute Walter Isaacson.
The summit was sponsored by Mike and Jackie Bezos, the Resnick Family Foundation, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co., the MacArthur Foundation, Laura &amp; Gary Lauder, the Tisch Illumination Fund, Julie Fisher Cummings, and Mike Gridley.
The program collaborated with Democracy Journal to release an issue coinciding with the summit that featured a symposium on national service.
Initiatives.
Huffington Post Series.
From June 2013 to November 2016, the project collaborated with the Huffington Post to tell stories of support for national service from a variety of perspectives, resulting in twenty-seven stories. The majority of these posts were a series of twenty-posts written by members of the "Ambassadors Program" in November 2016.
Enlisting America Pledge.
In June 2014, the project released "Enlisting America: A Call to National Service From Those Who Have Served". Top leaders and organizations representing the United States military endorsed two ideas by signing their name to the pledge:
Employers of National Service.
On September 12, 2014, President Barack Obama launched the "Employers of National Service" initiative at the 20th Anniversary of AmeriCorps event on the South Lawn of the White House. Employers participating in the initiative connect to the talent pipeline of AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other service year alumni, by indicating in their hiring processes that they view national service experience as a plus. The initiative is a collaboration between the program with the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Peace Corps, AmeriCorps Alums, and the National Peace Corps Association. To date, over 500 employers have joined the initiative.
Service Year + Higher Education Innovation Challenge.
In Spring 2015, in partnership with the Lumina Foundation, the National Conference on Citizenship, and the Corporation for National and Community Service, the project ran a "Service Year + Higher Education Innovation Challenge" that "challenged higher education institutions to create innovative new service year opportunities connected to academic credit for their students." Over 200 universities engaged in the challenge and 32 ultimately submitted detailed proposals for consideration.
The top three proposals from each category (community college, public, and private categories) were invited to the Aspen Institute in Washington, DC to compete for $100,000 in prizes at an in-person pitch day on April 15, 2015.
Finalists and winners of the challenge were:
The challenge was run again in 2016 by the project's successor organization, Service Year Alliance.
Ambassadors Program.
In May 2015, the project launched their "Ambassadors Program", a twelve-month "leadership development program and local engagement strategy" with the aim of increasing support for national service in communities across the country. The program had three priorities:
Forty-five ambassadors from twenty-five states were selected and began their term with a three-day training Alexandria, Virginia.
Programs Inspired.
A variety of programs and initiatives were created by participants inspired by the projects’ programming.
ArtistYear.
Margo Drakos and Elizabeth Warshawer founded ArtistYear after attending the "21st Century National Service Summit" and were inspired to create the first national service program specifically for artists. ArtistYear brings the power of the arts to underserved schools with limited arts instruction and access by providing exceptional artists with a dedicated service year that goes beyond traditional community service outreach. Today, ArtistYear has corps members in three cities: Philadelphia, New York City, and Roaring Fork Valley, Colorado.
NYC Service.
In July 2014, the project collaborated with NYC Service and United Way of New York City to help them launch their effort to double the number of service year opportunities in New York City. The effort was launched at a summit on the effort at the Roosevelt House, attended by over 100 heads of major institutions, academic centers, nonprofits and corporations. Speakers at the summit included: Bill de Blasio, Mayor of New York City; Paula Gavin, Chief Service Officer of New York City; Sheena Wright, CEO of United Way of New York City; Jennifer Raab, President of Hunter College; Joel Berg, Executive Director of the New York City Coalition Against Hunger; Felix V. Matos Rodriguez, President of Queens College; Tim McClimon, President of the American Express Foundation; and Laurie Tisch, President of the Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund.
Tufts 1+4.
In collaboration with the project, Tufts University launched "Tufts 1+4", in February 2014. The 1+4 program provides applicants to Tufts the opportunity to check off on their application that they would be interested in doing a year of service to begin their college experience. If admitted, Tufts places those interested students in selected service organizations to engage in a year of full-time national or international service before beginning the traditional college experience (hence 1 year of service + 4 years of traditional college experience).
Baltimore Corps.
Fagan Harris was an early advisor to the project and went on to created Baltimore Corps, a service year program that seeks to "enlist talent to accelerate social innovation in Baltimore and advance a citywide agenda for equity and racial justice." The Aspen Institute served as Baltimore Corps' fiscal sponsor as it got off the ground.
Leadership.
Director.
The project was led by Marine Corps veteran Jason Mangone. Mangone shepherded the project's merger into its successor organization, Service Year Alliance, where he served as its founding Chief Operating Officer.
Leadership Council.
The project was advised by a "Leadership Council" of prominent Americans. Retired U.S. Army General Stanley McChrystal served as Chair and former White House Domestic Policy Council Director John Bridgeland and City Year Co-Founder Alan Khazei served as Vice-Chairs. Examples of other notable members included Madeleine Albright, Barbara Bush, and Chelsea Clinton.
Young Leaders Council.
The program ran a "Young Leaders Council" consisting of a bipartisan group of emerging millennial leaders from a variety of sectors. The council hoped to develop and steward future leaders who view universal national service as their generation's legacy and would be willing to work together across party lines to eventually foster bipartisan legislation in support of it. Examples of council members included: Steven Olikara, Founder and President of the Millennial Action Project; Joshua Marcuse, Chairman of the Young Professionals in Foreign Policy; John McCarthy, Executive Director of Future Civic Leaders; and Anastasia Dellaccio, Senior Officer at the UN Foundation. Featured speakers at council meetings included: Oliver Knox of Yahoo News, Representative Joe Kennedy, and Representative Seth Moulton.
Publications.
21st Century National Service Action Plan.
At the "21st Century National Service Summit" in June 2013, the project released its "21st Century National Service Action Plan", a 39-page plan that outlines how the United States could create a system of that engages at least one million young adults annually in a year of full-time national service as "civic rite of passage". The plan includes signatures by fifty-eight prominent Americans as endorsers.
Voters for National Service.
The projected collaborated with Voices for National Service, Civic Enterprises, and Hart Research Associates to research voter perspectives on national service (1,000 voter sample size). In June 2013 they released the results in "Voters for National Service: Perspectives of American Voters on Large-Scale National Service". The key findings of the study were:
The Economic Value of National Service.
The project collaborated with Voices for National Service, Civic Enterprises, and the Center for Benefit-Cost Studies in Education at Columbia University to study the economic value of national service and published a report in September 2013 by the same name. The primary finding was that "the benefit-cost ratio is 3.9: for every dollar invested in the network of national service programs currently operating, there is a social return of almost four dollars." Clive Belfield of Columbia University was the author of the study.

</doc>
<doc id="56789416" url="?curid=56789416" title="Belle Fourche Experiment Farm">
Belle Fourche Experiment Farm

The Belle Fourche Experiment Farm, located northwest of Newell, South Dakota off Highway 79, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The listing included seven contributing buildings on .
It is an experimental farm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture which has also known as the Newell Field Station.

</doc>
<doc id="56789430" url="?curid=56789430" title="Ryuji Kawai (basketball)">
Ryuji Kawai (basketball)

 is the associate coach of the Shimane Susanoo Magic in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56789438" url="?curid=56789438" title="Opioid addiction treatment">
Opioid addiction treatment


</doc>
<doc id="56789451" url="?curid=56789451" title="1976 South American Artistic Gymnastics Championships">
1976 South American Artistic Gymnastics Championships

The 1976 South American Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held in Porto Alegre, Brazil, November 12–14, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="56789463" url="?curid=56789463" title="Isadora Newman">
Isadora Newman

Isadora Newman (April 23, 1878 – 1955) was an American artist, poet, writer, playwright and storyteller. She was born and raised in New Orleans and her work reflected the influences of her youth, particularly the African American and Creole culture of New Orleans.
Early history.
Born Miriam Dorothy Newman, Newman was the daughter of Rebecca (Kiefer) and Isidore Newman, a New Orleans banker and businessman who later became known for his philanthropy. The Isidore Newman School in New Orleans was named for him in 1913. He was active in the New Orleans Jewish community, where he was also a founding member of B'nai B'rith. Miriam Newman was educated largely by governesses. She married Edwin A. Neugass at age 23. They moved to New York, where Neugass had a seat in the Stock Exchange. The couple had three children: Bessie, James, and Edwin. She was primarily a homemaker during this time. With the children grown, Newman enrolled in classes at Columbia University. After Neugass died in October 1921, she began her career as an artist.
Career.
Newman began telling stories and folk tales at the University Settlement in New York City and local schools. She published her first collection, "Fairy Flowers", in 1926, under the name Isadora Newman, which became her "nom de plume". The book was praised both in the U.S. and in translation abroad, and was followed by a poetry collection, "Shades of Blue", in 1927, two books of folk tales in German in 1930, and a play, "Granny’s Garden", first produced in 1931. She painted, primarily watercolors, and studied sculpture in France. She received a degree from La Horde Society. Her work was regularly exhibited at galleries in New York, Louisiana, as well as in European galleries. Apart from her artistic endeavors, Newman was recognized for her philanthropy. In 1926, the Serbian government recognized her efforts on behalf of war orphans.

</doc>
<doc id="56789488" url="?curid=56789488" title="1990 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1990 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1990 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1990 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 16th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of two wins and nine losses (2–9, 1–4 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 159–326 for the 1990 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1991 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56789492" url="?curid=56789492" title="Nicolás Sánchez (footballer, born 1992)">
Nicolás Sánchez (footballer, born 1992)

Nicolás Andrés Sánchez (born 21 February 1992) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mitre.
Career.
Sánchez started his youth career with Rivadavia de Junín in 1996, before joining Sarmiento and subsequently having a loan spell with Racing Club. His senior career began with Primera B Metropolitana club Sarmiento in 2010. He featured seventeen times over two seasons in Primera B Metropolitana, before making his first appearance in Primera B Nacional on 14 April 2013 during a 4–3 victory over Patronato. He scored his first goal for Sarmiento in May 2014 in a defeat to Huracán. In July 2016, after ninety-one appearances and two goals for Sarmiento, Sánchez departed to sign for fellow Primera División team Godoy Cruz.
He went on to score once in thirteen matches for Godoy Cruz during 2016–17 which they ended in fourteenth. On 18 August 2017, Sánchez joined Villa Dálmine of Primera B Nacional. He scored his first goal for Villa Dálmine in his sixth appearance, netting the second goal in a 2–1 win against Estudiantes. Sánchez completed a move to Mitre in June 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56789507" url="?curid=56789507" title="Victor D'Amico">
Victor D'Amico

Victor D'Amico (May 19, 1904 – April 1, 1987) was an American teaching artist and the founding Director of the Department of Education of the Museum of Modern Art, New York. D’Amico explored the essence of the art experience as spiritual involvement, and the ability to communicate one's most profound ideas and emotions through aesthetic expression. He considered that the individual's personality had to be respected and developed by providing opportunities for creative experimentation. D'Amico's philosophy was based on the fundamental faith in the creative potential in every man, woman and child. He believed "that the arts are a humanizing force and their major function is to vitalize the living."
Recognizing learning as a process that is unique in each individual, D'Amico embraced the different ways in which each person's experience, ability and perception require a different approach to teaching. Teaching by this informal process, according to D'Amico, meant that the teacher must be constantly sensitive to the needs of each individual so as to stimulate and satisfy emerging interests. Victor D'Amico was not only a remarkable artist and teacher, but also a visionary and pioneer of modern art education.
Life and works.
Victor D’Amico was born on May 19, 1904 in New York City. D’Amico was one of the eleven children (seven boys and four girls) born to Concetta Paula (Jennie) Vitale and Domenico Emilio D’Amico. Victor D’Amico's mother and father were born in Italy. Concetta arrived to the United States when she was one year old while Domenico emigrated to the United States when he was nineteen.
Victor D’Amico spent his childhood in Manhattan, Queens and the Bronx (New York City); and Cuyahoga in Cleveland (Ohio).
Victor attended the Cooper Union, studying fine arts, illustration, and costume design (1920–1922); Pratt Institute, studying art education (1924–1926) and Teachers College Columbia University (1926–1930) where he earned his B. S. and M.S. D’Amico also studied and worked with Norman Bel Geddes (1928–29).
While studying at Teachers’ College, D’Amico was hired as art teacher and Head of the Art Department of the Fieldston Schools, Riverdale, NYC from 1926 to 1948. While working at Fieldston, D’Amico joined MoMA part-time as director of the Educational Project in 1937. In 1948 D’Amico started working full-time at MoMA as Director of the Education Department and remained in the post until he retired in 1969. At MoMA, D’Amico created and directed the Young People's Gallery, the Children's Art Carnival (in New York, Italy, Spain, Belgium, India and Harlem), the Committee on Art Education,the Veterans Art Center, The People's Art Center and the Napeague Institute of Art best known as the Art Barge. D’Amico also produced Through the Enchanted Gate, a NBC television program presented in 1952 and 1953.
D’Amico's most significant writings include "Theatre Arts", "Visual Arts in General Education", "Creative Teaching in Art", "How to Make Pottery and Ceramic Sculpture", "How to Make Modern Jewelry", "How to Make Objects of Wood", "Art for the Family", "Experiments in Creative Art Teaching", "Found Objects", Collage Kit, and The Art of Assemblage. D’Amico authored many research papers published in different journals and lectured widely in the US and abroad.
Following D'Amico's retirement from MoMA, he taught classes for New York City Grade Teachers at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC and remained as Director of the Napeague Institute of Art, later renamed the Victor D’Amico Institute of Art, a non-profit art education organization on eastern Long Island.
D'Amico was granted the Medal of Honor by The National Gallery of Art, Washington, D. C. for Outstanding Service in the Field of Art Education on March 17, 1966. He received the Honorary Degree of Doctor of Fine Arts by the Philadelphia Museum College of Art on June 8, 1964 and received a Citation of Merit by the State University of New York at Buffalo, April 13, 1964.
Victor D’Amico combined his museum and school work with university and college teaching. He taught art education at Teachers College, Columbia University (1932, 1934–42), Black Mountain College (1944), the New York University (1965–72) and Southampton College (1969).
While teaching art education at Teachers College Columbia University in the 1930s, D’Amico met Mabel Birckhead, a bright student and a fine artist teacher. In 1945 they got married. Victor and Mabel D’Amico lived in the house they built in Lazy Point, Amagansett.
Victor D’Amico died on April 1, 1987, in Amagansett, New York, at the age of 82.
Art, a Human Necessity.
D’Amico believed that developing an aesthetic vision and art practice was both personally and collectively enriching, as it allows for a greater appreciation of the natural and built world. Regardless of artistic talent, D’Amico considered that creativity is intrinsic to every individual and should be fostered through art education
D’Amico stressed the importance of discouraging imitation and supporting individual expression. By challenging accepted norms and encouraging unconventional perspectives, D’Amico argued that the value of art making far surpassed that of the final product. It was the process and experience of interacting with art itself that inspired new thought. D’Amico therefore dedicated his life to the creation of programs that allowed children and adults to explore their creative potential and heighten their sensitivity to the artistic potential in everyday life.
The study of modern art was central to D’Amico's educational philosophy. He believed that lived experience was intrinsically linked to modern art. A student's physical environment therefore held an important role in their educational development. D’Amico stressed that through art making, a student would be introduced to elements of design: color, shape and composition that would emerge in everyday objects. The use of motivational toys became integral to his practice. As he notes, “toys have an important place is creative growth of the child...They are his first possessions and the objects of profound interest and affection. Through them he is introduced to the elements of design, texture, pattern, form, color and rhythms as they become the tools of his activity and his imagination.”
D’Amico also explored the role of parents as teachers. In his thirteen-week television series "Through the Enchanted Gate" (1952–53) and subsequent publication "Art for the Family""," D’Amico stressed that “all people have creative ability and that anyone at any age can enjoy and develop his aptitudes in art.” Developing the creative interests of his student's parents would help ensure the presence of art in the home and promote a student's individualized tactile development, artistic collaboration, and aesthetic sensitivity.
D’Amico was influenced by John Dewey’s experience-based pedagogy and utilized environment to stimulate creativity. In turn, he often took a laboratory style approach to learning. D’Amico promoted engagement and interactivity in many of his museum programs and exhibitions. From the Children’s Art Carnival, which promoted play as a form of motivation, to the Young People’s Gallery, which gave high school students the rare experience of curating an exhibition, D’Amico expanded the boundaries of the classroom.
MoMA Education.
For more than three decades (1937–1969), D’Amico served as the Director of MoMA’s Education Department. D’Amico's programs included: the Young People’s Gallery, the National Committee on Art Education, The War Veterans’ Art Center, the People's Art Center, the Children's Art Carnival, and Classes for Parents and Children.
The New York City High School Program.
The program for the New York City High Schools began at the Museum of Modern Art in 1937 as a privately financed experiment involving the participation of twelve schools and The Museum of Modern Art. It included exhibitions sent to schools and a Young People's Gallery at the Museum containing exhibitions designed for and by young people. After the first two-year pilot, this program expanded through the funding of the Museum and the Board of Education. Schools were supplied with more than 100 visual aids, including exhibitions, slide talks, teaching models, teaching portfolios and films, which were seen by more than 350,000 school children each year. Exhibits, libraries of color reproductions, museum books which students could borrow and take home, teaching portfolios designed for classroom use and art films were among the materials that circulated. "The record of this program," Victor D'Amico said, "and the exhibitions are a tribute to the Board of Education teachers whose interest sustained the program and whose cooperation with the Museum over the years has been an adventure." Olive Reilly, Director of Art of the Board of Education, called the program "an outstanding example of the fine contribution that a museum, through its educational department, can make to public school education."
The Young People's Gallery.
The Young People's Gallery was opened under the direction of Victor D’Amico on December 1, 1937. The Young People's Gallery was an “educational experiment” with the intent of making the Museum's collection more accessible to New York public and private schools. All exhibitions shown in the Young People's Gallery were selected for, or by, pupils in the art classes of secondary schools. Student juries composed of delegates from all the schools selected and hung the exhibitions. The project sought to give students a hands-on experience curating and producing art exhibitions.
Victor D'Amico designed special equipment in the Young People's gallery so that it served both as gallery and art studio. This included community easels, a continuous chain of desks folded flat against two of the walls and a large screen that covered an entire wall of the gallery that could be opened to form narrow drop shelves on which paintings may be stood and easily removed to make way for more paintings during demonstrations and lectures to classes.
The Children's Art Carnival.
In 1942, D’Amico founded the widely acclaimed Children's Art Carnival program at the Museum of Modern Art, where it would be presented periodically for over twenty years. D’Amico initially conceived of the Children's Art Carnival as an experiment in art education that would be offered to children throughout New York City. In line with his seminal belief that art education should focus on individual experimentation as opposed to the practice of rote techniques, The Children's Art Carnival fostered an environment in which children were encouraged to make creative decisions. As D’Amico writes in his book, "Experiments in Creative Art Teaching", the directive of the Children's Art Carnival was “...to free the child of his clichés or imitative mannerisms and to help him discover his own way of seeing and expressing.” Within each hour-long session, children ranging in age from three to twelve engaged in a series of motivational activities. Aside from the trained teachers, adults were not permitted. The first half of the workshop was for children to interact with a series of motivational toys that encouraged the exploration of line, color, and form that would be stimulate their art making. They were then brought to a studio where they had open access to a variety of mediums and materials. While The Children's Art Carnival encouraged individual expression and exploration, D’Amico stressed the import role of the teacher. As he noted, it is the teacher's responsibility to be sensitive to the needs of their students and create an open environment that both motivates and informs.
The Children's Art Carnival went on to receive international recognition. In 1957, the Museum of Modern Art presented the program at the International Trade Fairs in Milan and Barcelona. The program was then featured in the United States Pavilion at the 1958 Brussels World's Fair in Belgium. In 1962, on behalf of the International Council of The Museum of Modern Art and The Asia Society, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy presented The Children's Art Carnival to Indira Gandhi as a gift for the National Children's Museum in New Delhi, India. In 1963 the program toured major cities throughout India. In 1969, the Museum of Modern Art sponsored the incorporation of the Children's Art Carnival at The Harlem School of the Arts, where it was free to Harlem residents in Head Start programs, day care centers, public schools and numerous neighborhood organizations.
The Children's Art Carnival was initially financed by the Museum of Modern Art, with subsequent contributions from individuals and foundations, including The Ford Foundation, The New York Times Foundation, The New York Fund for Children, the Van Amerigen Fund, and the Heckscher Foundation for Children. Betty Blayton Taylor served as the Carnival's Executive Director, with the aid of Consulting and Advisory Boards composed of Harlem residents.
The National Committee on Art Education.
The National Committee on Art Education was started in 1942 as an attempt to rebel against the business interests of larger national arts organizations. Chaired by D’Amico and funded by the Museum of Modern Art the committee grew during the first few years to over a thousand members, most of them art professionals. The committee, which met annually, sought to question and transform art education practices of the time (contests, copy books and paint-by-number kits, and teacher training). The Committee on Art Education gathered a range of thinkers, artists and educators including Walter Gropius, Waldo Frank, Hale Woodruff, Viktor Lowenfeld, Belle Boas, Marcel Breuer, Herbert Read, Margaret Mead, Archibald Macleish, Meyer Schapiro, Robert Motherwell and Ben Shahn amongst others as keynote speakers. The committee also organized meetings with artists like Buckminster Fuller, Joan Miró, Martha Graham, Edward Hopper, Georgia O’Keeffe, Alexander Calder, Marc Chagall, William Zorach, Jacques Lipchitz, José De Creeft and Henri Cartier-Bresson amongst others.
Labelling itself as “an avant-garde group,” the committee became prestigious for its noted affiliates and associations with MoMA.
The War Veteran's Art Center.
The Museum of Modern Art's Armed Services Program, established during World War II, supplied art materials to men and women in uniform through the United Service Organization. With the end of the war, the program expanded its offerings at the MoMA. The War Veteran Art Center opened in the summer of 1944 on West Fifty-sixth Street, with additional studio spaces at 681 Fifth Avenue. From 1944 to 1948, the center was devoted exclusively to veterans “to discover the best and the most effective ways of bringing about, through the arts, the readjustment of the veteran to civilian life.” D’Amico insisted on distinguishing the work of the War Veterans’ Art Center from art therapy, with the expectation that veterans would develop their own individual aptitude. The program eventually expanded into the People's Art Center, which accepted non-veterans.
The People's Art Center.
The People's Art Center grew out of the structure and success of the War Veteran's Art Center. It opened in 1948 and offered classes in painting, ceramics, collage, and assemblage. Approximately 800 children and 500 adults attended the classes weekly.
Through the Enchanted Gate.
In 1952 and 1953, MoMA and WNBC-WNBT co-produced a television series called Through the Enchanted Gate created by Victor D’Amico and NBC vice president Ted Cott. Hosted by Ben Grauer and D’Amico himself, the series broadcast art projects and activities that took place at the People's Art Center to a national audience. Instructional pamphlets were available to families to try the exercises at home. Rene d'Harnoncourt, Director of the Museum during the 1950s, felt that "Through the Enchanted Gate points the way to far-reaching possibilities in the Museum's constant aim to extend all its educational opportunities to wider and wider audiences."
The Children's Art Caravan.
Victor D’Amico was intent on expanding the Children's Art Carnival, and in 1969, created The Children's Art Caravan. Financed by a grant from The John D. Rockefeller 3rd Fund, the Caravan consisted of two trailers that were designed as mobile art stations for children whose schools lacked art programs or proper facilities. Continuing in his vision of The Children's Art Carnival as a workshop for teachers as well as children, The Children's Art Caravan included visual aids and texts that would guide the teachers in D’Amico's educational philosophy.
In 1972, the New York Board of Education's Learning Cooperative proposed the prototype of the two-car caravan, created by Victor D’Amico and his wife Mabel, to various school districts, but it was ultimately unable to receive adequate funding.
The Kearsarge Art Center, "The Art Barge".
In 1955, D’Amico sought to find a permanent location for the art classes that were initially offered by the MoMA at Ashawagh Hall in Springs, New York. In March 1960, with the help of local baymen, D’Amico anchored a WWII Navy barge in Napeague Harbor. A second story was added, creating additional studio space with panoramic views of both Napeague Harbor and the Atlantic Ocean. Originally named Kearsarge, a Native American word meaning “place of heaven,” it was affectionately known as The Art Barge.
The Victor D'Amico Institute of Art.
In 1982, The Art Barge was renamed as The Victor D'Amico Institute of Art. It was Directed by Victor D'Amico until he passed away in 1987. Christopher Kohan is the current President of the Victor D'Amico Institute of Art. The Institution applies D'Amico's ideas to face current challenges in art education. The Institute recognizes the artistic potential within every man, woman, and child. Through weekend workshops, open studio sessions, and evening events, The Art Barge is an accessible art center that prides itself on furthering arts education and reflecting the rich art history of Long Island. 
Mabel &amp; Victor D'Amico Studio &amp; Archive.
Adding to the integrity of The Barge, The Mabel &amp; Victor D’Amico Studio &amp; Archive located in the house that Victor and Mabel D'Amico built comprises an extensive collection of research materials that relate to their teaching and art practice: photos, films, articles, books, motivational materials and artwork. From early modernist architecture and furnishings to found object sculptures and collected items, The House contains many treasures from the private world of D'Amico and his wife Mabel and is open to the public for tours and private functions throughout the winter by appointment only.

</doc>
<doc id="56789514" url="?curid=56789514" title="Nicolás Sánchez">
Nicolás Sánchez

Nicolás Sánchez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56789532" url="?curid=56789532" title="Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center">
Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center

The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center (VCHEC) is a power station located in St. Paul, in Wise County, Virginia. Dominion Virginia Power (Dominion) is Dominion Resources Inc.'s electric distribution company in Virginia. The 600 MW plant began power generation in July 2012 after four years of construction. The plant deploys circulating fluidized bed boiler technology (CFB) to use a variety of fuel sources including bituminous coal, coal gob (a waste product from abandoned coal mines), and bio-fuels. Using coal gob as a fuel source not only re-purposes waste material for electricity, but also keeps toxins from seeping out while sitting in waste piles. VCHEC is placed under stringent environmental regulations by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality, DEQ.
History.
The cost for construction was around $1.8 billion USD, and the plant uses diverse fuel sources to produce energy, (making it unique compared to other energy plants). This generation facility uses coal as well as waste coal (which are called gob piles) in order to produce energy. Biomass can also be used for up to 20% of the fuel burned in the plant to create energy; as of November 2019, biomass accounted for 7% of input fuel. The plant had some challenges during construction which had to be overcome. It was difficult for the builders of the plant to find places where the coal and wood could be stored because the plant was built in a mountainous region. The mountains did not allow for much expansion, so they decided to build the coal storage areas higher than the plant so that gravity would allow the coal to work its way down to the plant to be burned for energy. During February 2012, very close to the end of construction, there was a fire on the roof of the building that contained the boilers. It damaged many circuits and part of the roof, but was only a minor setback for the construction of the plant and the schedule was only delayed by one week. The Virginia City Hybrid Energy Plant has an excellent track record for safety. It was discovered that in 5 million hours of working the plant, there were no accidents that resulted in a loss of time. The plant began generating electric power in July 2012, and has provided jobs around the area of St. Paul, Virginia.
Production.
Dominion’s Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center produces electricity by burning coal and coal gob. Due to the mountainous region, the storage of fuel is set around the plant in higher elevation areas to minimize the work necessary to move it and to take advantage of the space available. Both the coal and biomass fuels are stored in quantities for ten days of operation. The fuel is then processed and moved to the two Foster Wheeler fuel-flexible CFB boilers to power a single 668-MW Toshiba steam turbine. The air quality control equipment includes a dry scrubber Scrubber, baghouse particulate filter Baghouse, selective catalytic reduction system (SCR) Selective catalytic reduction, and activated carbon injection system(mercury). According to industry publications, VCHEC also improves upon water use and reuse, using about one-tenth of water use compared to coal plants of a similar size and "approaching zero wastewater discharge when the plant is operating.”
Environmental Impact and Pollution Production.
Expected Impact and Pollution Production.
The total amount of pollutants and other products, fossil fuel combustion byproducts (FFB), such as ash and limestone, expected to be emitted was 2.4 million tons because of the way the coal will be burned in a CFB. It was expected for these FFB's to solidify into a cement like substance, allowing for easier disposal. Current estimated numbers for mercury deposited include a 10.2 pounds annually and 204 pounds over an estimated twenty year span of time. 3.4 pounds of this mercury is expected to end up in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed. These numbers are assumed based on the permitted amount of mercury emitted, at 71.93 pounds per year.
The combined effect of CFB's sulfur dioxide removal abilities and use of "dry scrubbers" is expected to remove 99.6 percent of the sulfur dioxide based on Dominion's numbers, and the Department of Environmental Quality gives a 98 percent removal rate for permitting. The burning of gob coal is expected to remove hazardous waste from prior coal mines, preventing toxins from continuing to leach off of them. The biomass used in VCHEC is carbon neutral because all biomass used comes from waste wood, so no timber is cut. The use of this biomass would produce ash and require a source of water as a coolant.
Actual Impact and Pollution Production.
Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center has been issued notice of violations for carbon monoxide, particulate matter, and sulfur dioxide. Carbon monoxide emissions during 2012 and early 2013 had three events for one CFB Unit and another three events for a second CFB Unit. Excess emission was at 49.58% for Unit 1 and 72.22% for Unit 2. These resulted from issues with the startup process. CFB Unit 1 had two events in 2013 with excess Sulfur Dioxide emissions as a result of fuel problems; the second one was caused by more fuel being fed than normal. CFB Unit 2 had one Sulfur Dioxide excess emissions citation from an issue during the shut down process. 
The use of coal gob has removed hazardous waste sites from 1907, the Hurricane Creek gob pile, which put the Clinch River at risk. This has allowed for a process removing over a century's worth of waste piles at risk of polluting the Clinch River and other water sources. Around 1.5 million tons were removed from around the stream. Between 2012 and 2014, 1.1 million tons of gob were used as fuel. Waste produced by the plant consists of fly ash and coal ash which are stored in the Curley Hollow CCR Landfill with a collection system to prevent leaching. During 2012, the facility was able to capture around 95% of the sulfur dioxide produced. Satellite Aerosol Data comparing VCHEC to another plant showed the same temporal changes in aerosol and nitrogen dioxide before and after VCHEC opened, but there was a clear change in maximum values after VCHEC began production, meaning the amount of emissions were happening at the same time as the other plant, but more was being emitted after VCHEC's construction.
Controversy.
Since Dominion Energy initially proposed plans for VCHEC in 2007 they have been met with opposition from five major environmental advocacy groups: The Sierra Club, Southern Environmental Law Center, Southern Appalachian Mountain Stewards, Appalachian Voices, and Chesapeake Climate Action Network. During initial planning of VCHEC these five groups campaigned the Commonwealth of Virginia to shift their energy plans to more renewable options and not approve the proposed coal fired power plant.
After construction plans were approved by the Commonwealth of Virginia the Southern Environmental Law Center responded by filing an appeal on 22 April 2008 to the Supreme Court of Virginia on grounds that the construction approval violates the Commerce Clause of the Constitution of the United States.
On 21 May 2008 protest groups, listed above, organized a protest of citizens who opposed the construction of VCHEC and delivered a ‘Mile Long’ petition to Dominion Headquarters. The petition was literally a mile long of paper delivered during a shareholders meeting, this did not stop the groundbreaking of the facility on 14 August 2008. Only a month later on 15 September 2008, 11 activists were arrested following a protest which blockaded the VCHEC construction site. Activists from Mountain Justice, Rainforest Action Network, Asheville Rising Tide, Blue Ridge Earth First!, and Students for Democratic Society. This protest did not hinder the construction of VCHEC.
These protests and the opposition against the construction of VCHEC was showcased in the documentary The Electricity Fairy directed by Tom Hansell for Appalshop Films.

</doc>
<doc id="56789538" url="?curid=56789538" title="United Kingdom Athletics Championships">
United Kingdom Athletics Championships


</doc>
<doc id="56789542" url="?curid=56789542" title="Judaism in Oregon">
Judaism in Oregon

The Orthodox Jewish population in Portland has increased since 2005.
Synagogues.
Synagogues in Oregon include: Congregation Beth Israel, Congregation Neveh Shalom, Congregation Shaarie Torah, and Temple Beth Israel (Eugene).

</doc>
<doc id="56789544" url="?curid=56789544" title="Laptop Battle">
Laptop Battle


</doc>
<doc id="56789549" url="?curid=56789549" title="María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta">
María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta

María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta (La Pinturitas) (born 1950) is a Spanish self-taught artist known for her ongoing painting work which has transformed the facade of a derelict restaurant in Arguedas, Navarre into a continuously-evolving visionary environment.
Life.
María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta was born in 1950 in Toledo, Spain. Before she was ten her mother died in childbirth. She spent her childhood in Toledo until moving with her father to Arguedas. In 1973 she married Miguel Galarret and they soon had three children. Much later she gave birth to another child. At times Fernández experienced emotional agitation, including an episode which led to her youngest child being taken into care by social services and housed elsewhere, resulting in a situation in which Fernández could not determine her child's location. Villagers mockingly called her La Pinturitas because of the extravagant makeup she often covered her face with. At 50 “para olvidar las penas”, to forget her pains, she began to paint. This activity became central to her existence, and a decade later she felt that “Me he ganado el respeto de los jóvenes”, she had gained the respect of the young people. She continues to paint as of 2018.
Work.
María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta began creating works which blended image: people, animals and faces, with text, as a means to express and ease troubling emotions, in 2000 when she was 50 years old. She chose to make her paintings on the exterior walls of a derelict building in Arguedas that was near a busy roadway. Her paintings came to completely cover the walls of the building in bright primary colored paintings that stretch fifty meters.
Recognition.
Photographer Hervé Couton discovered Maria Angeles Fernandez Cuesta's paintings in 2009 and has returned yearly to create photographs of her work, which have been published internationally in periodicals such as Raw Vision and on the internet.
In 2015 the society "Les Amis de La Pinturitas D'Arguedas", Friends of La Pinturitas of Arguedas, was established in Montauban, France.

</doc>
<doc id="56789561" url="?curid=56789561" title="Brodie Panlock">
Brodie Panlock


</doc>
<doc id="56789562" url="?curid=56789562" title="Nicolás Sánchez (disambiguation)">
Nicolás Sánchez (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56789575" url="?curid=56789575" title="Nancy Marcus">
Nancy Marcus

Nancy Helen Marcus (May 17, 1950 – February 12, 2018) was an American biologist and oceanographer. During her graduate studies, Marcus became known as an expert on copepod ecology and evolutionary biology. She began her career as a postdoctoral fellow at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution where she studied copepod dormancy and its implications for marine aquaculture. She continued her field research as a professor of oceanography and later as the director of the Florida State University Marine Laboratory (FSU). During this time Marcus was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Women in Science and the American Association for the Advancement of Science and served as the President of the Association for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography. As the president, she led efforts in increase education activities and to increase the endowment fund.
In 2005, Marcus transitioned from the sciences to college administration when she was appointed Dean of the FSU Graduate School. During her tenure, FSU nearly doubled the number of doctoral degrees awarded annually. She created several graduate academic programs and the FSU Office of Graduate Fellowships and Awards. Marcus served a term as chair of the Board of Directors for the Council of Graduate Schools to address the future of graduate education. Outside of academia, Marcus was a magician and ventriloquist. She served on the Goucher College Board of Trustees from 2009 to 2016 and was previously the chair of the academic affairs committee. Marcus died on February 12, 2018 after two years of treatment for uveal melanoma.
Early life and education.
Nancy Helen Marcus was born in New York City on May 17, 1950, to Betty Levy and Harold T. Marcus of New Rochelle, New York. She was raised in New Rochelle with her brother Theodore. At the age of 10, Marcus began performing magic and ventriloquism, continuing to practice the former into adulthood. She became interested in science from a young age.
Marcus attended her mother's alma mater, Goucher College. In 1971, Marcus was on a team of undergraduate researchers from Goucher and Towson University who participated in a study entitled "An Analysis on the Degradation of Lake Roland." The students received a $13,140 grant from the National Science Foundation (NSF) to complete the investigation. In her senior year, Marcus and a colleague conducted field research on phytoplankton at the Duke University Marine Lab in January 1972. During her undergraduate studies, Marcus also studied at the Bermuda Biological Station for Research. She was encouraged to pursue graduate studies by researchers she met at Goucher. Marcus earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology in 1972.
She completed a master's degree and Doctorate in Biology with a concentration in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from Yale University in 1976. Her dissertation was titled "Genotypic and Phenotypic Variation in the Sea Urchin Arbacia Punctulata (Gray)". She dedicated her dissertation to Mary E. Clutter of NSF. Her doctoral advisor was Joseph Ramus. Marcus received funding support through grants-in-aid from Sigma Xi, NSF grant, NICHD Training Grant, NSF Traineeship, and Yale University Fellowships. She became known as an accomplished oceanographer and an expert on the study of copepods through her graduate research and studies.
Career.
Career beginnings at Woods Hole.
Marcus worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution from 1976 to 1978. Her expertise was in the ecology and evolutionary biology of copepods. In 1978, Marcus was hired as an associate scientist in the biology department at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. She researched dormancy in copepods and how it applies to marine aquaculture. In 1984, Marcus and associate scientist George Grice completed a two and a half week trip in China at the invitation of professor Zheng Zhong, the founder of the marine biology program at Xiamen University. Marcus and Grice presented papers on the reproductive biology of copepods. Marcus stated that "there's great interest in the type of work we're doing and a need for U.S. scientific equipment and expertise." Starting in September 1984, a visiting scientist from Xiamen researched in Marcus' lab for a year.
Research at Florida State University.
Marcus began working at Florida State University (FSU) as an associate professor of oceanography in 1987. She became a full professor in 1991. In September 1993, Marcus was selected to serve for one year as vice president followed by two years as the President of the Association for the Sciences of Limnology and Oceanography (ASLO). She instituted three goals during her presidency of ASLO including first, a Bylaws revision, second, new Educations Initiatives such as a workshop titled "The Use of Emerging Computer Technologies in Undergraduate Education", and a "Science Day" at University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, and third, increasing the Endowment Fund. Marcus was later commended by ASLO in 1998 for her efforts to increase education activities. In 1993, Marcus received $56,000 from a three-year NSF grant.
From 1989 to 2001, Marcus served as the director of the FSU Marine Laboratory. She was a coordinator of the University's National Sea Grant. In 2001, Marcus was the director of the University's Women in Math, Science, and Engineering program. In the summer of 2001, Marcus issued a joint comment with professors Patricia Yancey Martin, Jean G. Bryant, Dianne F. Harrison, Gary R. Heald, Sheila Ortiz-Taylor, Pamela L. Perrewé, and David W. Rasmussen on status of women in academia the biases and "subtle, non-conscious forms of discrimination" that persist. Marcus was the Chair of the Department of Oceanography in 2003. Her later research investigated the impacts of decreased oxygen levels on the population dynamics of marine copepods. Marcus conducted field research in the Gulf of Mexico, off the coast of Northern California, in Narragansett Bay, and in the Gulf of Maine.
Through the mid-1970s, the study of marine organisms was hampered by an inability to culture and maintain species in a laboratory environment. Marcus was involved in the creation of a "standardized system and management protocol for rearing marine fish larvae". She built two greenhouses at FSU, which were later converted into laboratories to evaluate interactions between aquatic species and study marine plants. The laboratories allowed her to expand her work on dormant eggs and classify them into categories, which allowed researchers to maintain stable production. She discovered that certain dormant eggs were resistant to contamination and they could be used as inoculum in the development of copepod cultures. In 2003, Marcus organized a conference sponsored by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for Hawaii Pacific University's Oceanic Institute to present their studies and evaluate the status of research in culturing copepods and larviculture. The results of the conference were presented in a book, co-edited by Marcus, "Copepods in Aquaculture", which has become a "seminal work" for researchers analyzing copepod behavior and uses, as well as their propagation and application to the study of other marine species.
Dean of graduate school.
Marcus succeeded Dianne F. Harrison as Dean of the Graduate School at FSU on August 9, 2005. She co-created the Master of Science in aquatic environmental sciences at FSU with Jeff Chanton. From 2011 to 2012, Marcus was the president of the Conference of Southern Graduate Schools. After serving for five years on the Council of Graduate Schools Board of Directors, Marcus was appointed Chair for the 2016 term. She succeeded Mark Smith in 2017. In this capacity, Marcus led the board to address the direction of graduate school education. President of the Council of Graduate Schools, Suzanne Ortega, stated that Marcus "[was] a compelling advocate for graduate education." Ortega also remarked that "as graduate dean, she has given particular attention to broadening career opportunities for graduates and has developed programs to support their success in a range of sectors — academia, industry and government...the CGS board of directors will benefit greatly from her leadership and expertise."
Marcus stated in 2016 that FSU was awarding more than 400 doctoral degrees annually, an increase from the 200s that were awarded when she started as a dean 10 years earlier. As the Dean of the Graduate School, Marcus created programs including the Fellows Society which promotes communication between students in different academic programs, a professional development program to prepare students for positions after graduation, and the Office of Graduate Fellowships and Awards to assist students with finding and applying for grants. She resigned in 2016 from the Goucher College Board of Trustees after serving since 2009. Marcus was previously the chair of the Goucher College Academic Affairs committee. She stepped down as the Dean of the Graduate School at FSU in the summer of 2017. In August 2017, Mark Riley was appointed Dean of the Graduate School. From August 2017 through the end of the fall term, Marcus was the Lawton Professor in the Department of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Science. She retired from FSU at the end of 2017.
Personal life.
Marcus married volleyball educator and coach Cecile Reynaud, circa 1992. Her hobbies included tennis, golf, and volleyball. She also walked trails, traveled, and cooked. She was a certified boat captain and would frequently go fishing and boating in the Gulf of Mexico. On February 12, 2018, Marcus died in Tallahassee, Florida, after two years of aggressive treatment for uveal melanoma. Following her death, a service was held at the FSU Alumni Center Grand Ballroom and the Nancy Marcus Endowment for Graduate Student Excellence was established.
Awards and honors.
In 1989, Marcus was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 2001, she won the Robert O. Lawton Distinguished Professor Award, the highest faculty award at FSU and was awarded the Mary Sears Professor of Oceanography. FSU established the Nancy Marcus Professorship in 2003. In 2004, she was elected a Fellow of the Association for Women in Science. In 2008, Marcus was honored with the establishment of the Nancy Marcus Professorship by an anonymous donor due to her efforts in increasing numbers of under-represented students in science. In 2014, the main auditorium of the FSU of Honors, Scholars, and Fellows House was named the Nancy H. Marcus Great Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="56789579" url="?curid=56789579" title="L'Astronomie (magazine)">
L'Astronomie (magazine)

LAstronomie () is a monthly astronomy magazine published by the Société astronomique de France (SAF). Patrick Baradeau, the President of SAF, is the Publication Director and astronomer Fabrice Mottez is the Editor-in-Chief.
History.
The magazine was established by Camille Flammarion and the first issue, dated 1882, was published on January 1, 1883. After SAF was founded in 1887, a second journal was created, called the "Bulletin mensuel de la Société Astronomique de France". The two publications existed in parallel up to 1894. In the December 1894 issue, Flammarion announced in an editorial that "LAstronomie" would cease to exist. From January 1895 to December 1910, only the "Bulletin de la Société Astronomique de France" was published. Starting from 1912, the "Bulletin" was renamed "LAstronomie", while preserving the volume numbering of the "Bulletin".
Distribution.
The magazine is available by subscription both in France and internationally in hard copy and digital formats. It is also sold in newspaper kiosks and magazine stands in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Morocco. 
Electronic versions of "L'Astronomie" and "Bulletin de la Société astronomique de France" from 1882-1945 are available from the Bibliothèque nationale de France's Gallica website.

</doc>
<doc id="56789588" url="?curid=56789588" title="Dark Lord (fiction)">
Dark Lord (fiction)


</doc>
<doc id="56789605" url="?curid=56789605" title="1991 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1991 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1991 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1991 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 17th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of three wins and seven losses (3–7, 1–4 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 186–254 for the 1991 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1992 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56789611" url="?curid=56789611" title="Straight man (stock character)">
Straight man (stock character)


</doc>
<doc id="56789616" url="?curid=56789616" title="Kabir (2018 film)">
Kabir (2018 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56789621" url="?curid=56789621" title="Simpleton (stock character)">
Simpleton (stock character)


</doc>
<doc id="56789627" url="?curid=56789627" title="32.2">
32.2


</doc>
<doc id="56789629" url="?curid=56789629" title="Caffeine-Free Diet Coke">
Caffeine-Free Diet Coke


</doc>
<doc id="56789631" url="?curid=56789631" title="Socket parity">
Socket parity


</doc>
<doc id="56789636" url="?curid=56789636" title="Tim Langford">
Tim Langford


</doc>
<doc id="56789638" url="?curid=56789638" title="Party lists in the 1984 European Parliament election in the Netherlands">
Party lists in the 1984 European Parliament election in the Netherlands

The 1984 European Parliament election for the election of the delegation from the Netherlands was held on 14 June 1986. This was the 2nd time the elections had been held for the European elections in the Netherlands.
Sources for everything below: 
Numbering of the candidates list.
The official order and names of candidate lists:
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;" colspan=5 | Lists
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;" colspan="3"|List
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;| English translation
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;| List name (Dutch)
Candidate lists.
CDA European People's Party.
Below is the candidate list for the Christian Democratic Appeal for the 1984 European Parliament election
Elected members are in bold
Labour Party/European Socialists.
Below is the candidate list for the Labour Party for the 1984 European Parliament election
Elected members are in bold
VVD - European Liberal-Democrats.
Below is the candidate list for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy for the 1984 European Parliament election
Elected members are in bold
D'66.
Below is the candidate list for the Democrats 66 for the 1984 European Parliament election
SGP, RPF and GPV.
Below is the candidate list for SGP, RPF and GPV for the 1984 European Parliament election
Elected members are in bold
C.P.N. Green Party Netherlands P.P.R. P.S.P..
Below is the candidate list for C.P.N. Green Party Netherlands P.P.R. P.S.P. for the 1984 European Parliament election
Elected members are in bold
European Greens.
Below is the candidate list for The Greens for the 1984 European Parliament election
Centre Party.
Below is the candidate list for the Centre Party for the 1984 European Parliament election
God with Us.
Below is the candidate list for the God with Us for the 1984 European Parliament election

</doc>
<doc id="56789669" url="?curid=56789669" title="D.C. General Shelter">
D.C. General Shelter


</doc>
<doc id="56789676" url="?curid=56789676" title="Disappearance of Relisha Rudd">
Disappearance of Relisha Rudd

Relisha Tenau Rudd (Born October 29, 2005–disappeared March 1, 2014) is an 8-year old African-American girl who went missing in Washington, D.C. in February 2014, and has not been found. Rudd had been living in the D.C. General Shelter with her mother, when she was befriended by janitor Khalil Tatum, a former felon. Rudd stopped attending school, but this was a month before her absence was reported to police. Investigation revealed that the last sighting of her had been weeks prior when she was caught on camera with Tatum at an area hotel. Tatum's wife was found shot dead in a hotel in Prince George's County, Maryland in mid-March, and at the end of March, searchers found Tatum's body in a shed in the Kenilworth Park and Aquatic Gardens, shot in an apparent suicide.
The case of Relisha Rudd received little coverage outside of the Washington D.C. area, leading to criticism that her case receives little attention due to her marginalization as a Black girl and from an impoverished family.
Disappearance.
In 2014, Rudd was living with her mother Shamika Young at the D.C. General Shelter. Khalil Tatum was a 51-year-old janitor at the shelter, and had a felony record for burglary, larceny, and breaking-and-entering. Tatum was imprisoned from 1993 to 2003, and again from 2004 to 2011. He was hired as a shelter janitor by the Community Partnership for the Prevention of Homelessness, a contractor which operated the D.C. General Shelter and reportedly "other city homeless programs". Tatum was known for inappropriately fraternizing with shelter residents, and for paying particular attention to young girls. Tatum befriended Young, bought her daughter a tablet computer, and took her to see Disney on Ice. Eventually Young allowed Tatum to take the girl away overnight, allegedly to stay with him and his grandmother.
Rudd suddenly stopped attending school in February, but her mother provided a note saying she was having health problems and was in the care of a "Dr. Tatum". The school contacted Tatum at the number provided, but when he failed to show up for a meeting with them, a counselor contacted the police to report Rudd missing. The Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia launched a missing-persons probe on 19 March, by which point Rudd had not been in school for a month.
The investigation revealed that Tatum and Rudd had been caught on camera walking down a hallway in a Holiday Inn Express in Northeast, Washington, D.C. on 26 February, and footage on 1 March showed her walking with Tatum to a room in a Days Inn on New York Avenue in D.C. The March 1st footage proved to be the last proof that Rudd was still alive.
Tatums' wife's death.
Tatum's wife Andrea was found shot in the head in a motel in Prince George's County, Maryland on the same day Rudd was reported missing (March 20). Surveillance tapes showed Kahlil and Andrea Tatum entering the hotel room the night before. Khalil Tatum was last seen 2 March, the day after Rudd was last seen, while buying a shovel, lime, and 42-gallon trash bags. DC police obtained an arrest warrant for Kahlil Tatum in his wife's murder, but on 31 March, Tatum's body was found in a shed in Kenilworth Park, dead of apparent suicide, from the same gun that killed his wife.
Steve Wilkos TV show.
In October, 2017, Relisha's mother, Shamika Young; her stepfather, Antonio Wheeler; and her grandmother, Melissa Young appeared on The Steve Wilkos Show. In polygraph tests, they are asked "Did you participate in any way in the disappearance of Relisha?". Both the stepfather Antonio &amp; the grandmother Melissa answer "No", and the polygraph results confirm that they were telling the truth. Relisha's mother Shamika refuses to take the polygraph test.
Theories.
There are a limited number of theories for what happened to Rudd, given Tatum's predatory behavior and violent murder-suicide shortly after her disappearance. Authorities generally believe that Rudd was either murdered by Tatum, or was sold to sex-traffickers. But the sex trafficking theory has been ruled out by DC Metropolitan Police Detectives. In an interview with "The Washington Post", a senior law-enforcement official suspected that Tatum had been sexually exploiting Rudd, and possibly pimping her to others, and may have killed his wife due to her finding out about his activities. Other theories are that Ricky Sheridan Lyles Sr. who is Tatum's brother in law may be a part of this and could have killed Tatum. Shamika Young (Relisha's Mother) stated on The Steve Wilkos Show that Tatum was shot twice. Lyles was questioned but they ruled him out as not being a P.O.I. (Person of interest)
References.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/relisha-rudd-radio-hundreds-of-listeners-believe-they-can-find-missing-8-year-old/2014/04/24/db32e2fe-cbb9-11e3-a75e-463587891b57_story.html
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/five-years-of-hoping-searching-and-keeping-promises-to-relisha-rudd/2019/03/01/513d737c-3c69-11e9-a06c-3ec8ed509d15_story.html

</doc>
<doc id="56789681" url="?curid=56789681" title="Vagrancy (people)">
Vagrancy (people)


</doc>
<doc id="56789689" url="?curid=56789689" title="Relisha Rudd">
Relisha Rudd


</doc>
<doc id="56789691" url="?curid=56789691" title="2018 NCHC Tournament">
2018 NCHC Tournament

The 2018 NCHC Tournament was the fifth tournament in league history. It was played between March 9 and March 17, 2018. Quarterfinal games were played at home team campus sites, while the final four games were played at the Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minnesota. By winning the tournament, Denver received the NCHC's automatic bid to the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Format.
The first round of the postseason tournament features a best-of-three games format. All eight conference teams participate in the tournament. Teams are seeded No. 1 through No. 8 according to their final conference standing, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with an identical number of points accumulated. The top four seeded teams each earn home ice and host one of the lower seeded teams.
The winners of the first round series advance to the Xcel Energy Center for the NCHC Frozen Faceoff. The Frozen Faceoff uses a single-elimination format. Teams are re-seeded No. 1 through No. 4 according to the final regular season conference standings.
Conference standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Teams are reseeded after the first round

</doc>
<doc id="56789698" url="?curid=56789698" title="Logan Hicks">
Logan Hicks

Logan Hicks (1971) is an American contemporary artist born in 1971 and graduated from the Maryland Institute College of Art. He lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.
Background.
Logan Hicks was born in 1971 and grew up south of Baltimore, Maryland. In 1993 he left Maryland Institute College of Art a couple of classes short of a degree to start a screen printing business in Baltimore where printed t-shirts, stickers and posters.
In 1999 he moved to San Diego after befriending Shepard Fairey. Leaving his screen printing press behind in Baltimore he began to use stencils for his own art.
In 2001 he moved to Los Angeles.
In 2007 he moved back to the East Coast, relocating to Brooklyn, New York where he continues to exhibit his work.
In 2008 Hicks was one of two artists selected by Banksy to represent the United States in the Cans Festival in London.
In 2010 he was selected to paint at Wynwood Walls In Miami by real estate visionary Tony Goldman.
In 2016 he paint a mural at the home of the Miami Dolphins - Hard Rock Stadium.
Artwork.
Called a painter with a photographer's eye, Hicks’ work has largely focused on the perception of the environment, at times humanizing its architectural angles and structures, and at others using its vastness to explore self identity. With an old masters approach to lighting, Hicks sculpts ordinary architectural scenes into deeply metaphorical and contemplative imagery through stenciled aerosol.
Over the years, Hicks has developed his impeccable photorealistic style using stencils, sometimes using up to 15 layers of stencil to achieve this precision. Working from his own photographs, subjects are translated to multiple layers of stencils, brought to bold dimensionality by blending colors through aerosol.
Bowery wall.
“Story of My Life” is the title of a mural made by Hicks at the intersection of Houston Street and the Bowery in New York City. Made of 1,050 stencils and measuring 70-feet by 20-feet, this mural is composed of images of 150 people. The mural “contains friends, family and people that the artist personally knows around New York.

</doc>
<doc id="56789703" url="?curid=56789703" title="2016-17 in Czech football">
2016-17 in Czech football


</doc>
<doc id="56789707" url="?curid=56789707" title="1927-28 Celtic F.C. season">
1927-28 Celtic F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="56789734" url="?curid=56789734" title="Battle of In-Delimane">
Battle of In-Delimane

The Battle of In-Delimane was a series of armed clashes in the area of In-Delimane in the Gao Region of Mali.
Timeline.
On 12 January 2018, a suicide bomber blew himself up near a patrol of French soldiers in In-Delimane, wounding three soldiers. No group claimed responsibility, but ISIL was suspected. About a month later on 21 February 2018, two French soldiers were killed, and a third wounded, after an IED exploded during their patrol. The Al-Qaeda affiliate JNIM claimed responsibility afterwards. Two days later on 23 February 2018, the Imghad Tuareg Self-Defense Group and Allies (GATIA) and the Movement for the Salvation of Azawad (MSA), in collaboration with France, launched an operation to capture or kill Abu Walid al-Sahrawi, the ISIL commander in Mali. Six jihadists were killed or captured while one vehicle originally belonging to the Nigerien military was recovered; however Sahrawi managed to evade capture.
On 6 March 2018, a combined group of GATIA and MSA fighters fought ISIL forces in the Tinzouragan area, close to Delimane, resulting in the deaths of five jihadists, including one high level commander named Djibo Hamma. Ten other militants and vehicles were captured. On the same day, French forces fought with an unspecified group of jihadists, killing three of them.

</doc>
<doc id="56789740" url="?curid=56789740" title="Rob Raco">
Rob Raco

Robert Joseph Raco (born November 26, 1989) is an actor, musician, and model. Raco is the co-owner of Essex County Drums, a custom drum manufacturer based in the Windsor, Ontario area, that he and his father started in 2005. He is known for his roles in the series "Riverdale", where he plays Joaquin DeSantos and "Supernatural", where he plays Clark Barker. His latest acting work includes a starring role in the horror film Archons where he plays a musician named Eric Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="56789756" url="?curid=56789756" title="Thatta, Punjab">
Thatta, Punjab


</doc>
<doc id="56789763" url="?curid=56789763" title="1992 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1992 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1992 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1992 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 18th year. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of five wins and five losses (5–5, 3–2 NCAC). This was the first time the team hadn't had a losing season since 1986. The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 227–246 for the 1992 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1993 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56789767" url="?curid=56789767" title="Sha Merirei">
Sha Merirei

Sha Merirei is the handle used by Palauan-American artist and Sha Merirei Ongelungel. She was one of the earliest known Palauans to have an internet presence, promoting art, Palauan culture, and Palauan music in the late 1990s. In December 2014, she launched the first Palauan online radio station called Native ExPat Radio. That same month, she was named Miss LGBTQ by the Palau Humanities Project. She is the daughter of Palauan artist, Hans Ongelungel. 
#BeingMicronesian.
In September 2018, Sha Merirei started a Twitter thread using the hashtag "#BeingMicronesian." The thread featured screenshots of anti-Micronesian sentiment, mainly from residents of Hawai'i, and was covered by a local news outlet. The news story captured some attention internationally, growing awareness of the Compacts of Free Association and plight of Micronesians through outlets such as Radio New Zealand, Al Jazeera, The Guardian, and Associated Press. Around that same time, the Hawaii Advisory Committee to the U.S.Civil Rights Commission was conducting its second hearing on concerns associated with barriers to equal opportunities for Micronesians within the state. The hearings resulted in a report, published in October 2019, noting that "[t]here is widespread negative public perception of COFA migrants in Hawaii... This group continues to be scapegoated as a drain on resources, particularly in healthcare. COFA migrants also face discrimination in access to housing and employment." 

</doc>
<doc id="56789783" url="?curid=56789783" title="Neoplasms of the vagina">
Neoplasms of the vagina


</doc>
<doc id="56789800" url="?curid=56789800" title="Anderton v Ryan">
Anderton v Ryan

Anderton v Ryan [1985] is a House of Lords case in English criminal law (in the highest court of the land at the time), on whether an act which would amount to an offence but which by virtue of a misunderstanding of the goods involved was impossible (nonetheless a fully believed offence by the perpetrator at the time, specifically of purchasing posited stolen goods) breaks section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981; the court established against a similar defendant the next year that the reverse should hold true in future (per "R v Shivpuri").
Facts.
A woman purchased a video cassette recorder (VCR) on the belief that it was stolen. She reported an unrelated burglary in her house to the police. While they were investigating the burglary, she confessed to having purchased the VCR she believed to be stolen. No evidence was found to confirm that the VCR had been stolen. She was convicted of attempted handling of stolen goods.
Judgment.
The court convened 13 months and five days after the law-reported decision of the quickly referred conviction to the Divisional Court of the High Court, Queens Bench Division (from the local magistrates initial decision). The skipping out of the Court of Appeal is as the case was cleared in timetables and administratively for a "leapfrog appeal" (direct to the House of Lords).
The House of Lords decided that impossibility was not within the scope of the offence under s1(2) of the Criminal Attempts Act (nor any other residual offence from earlier legal precedents).
Significance.
The case "R v Shivpuri" reversed the decision a year later and represents an example of the House of Lords Judicial Committee reversing its jurisprudence under the Practice Statement 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="56789804" url="?curid=56789804" title="SIM1 (New York City bus)">
SIM1 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789805" url="?curid=56789805" title="SIM1C (New York City bus)">
SIM1C (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789806" url="?curid=56789806" title="SIM2 (New York City bus)">
SIM2 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789808" url="?curid=56789808" title="SIM3 (New York City bus)">
SIM3 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789811" url="?curid=56789811" title="SIM3C (New York City bus)">
SIM3C (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789812" url="?curid=56789812" title="SIM4 (New York City bus)">
SIM4 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789813" url="?curid=56789813" title="SIM4X (New York City bus)">
SIM4X (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789814" url="?curid=56789814" title="Itsumademo">
Itsumademo


</doc>
<doc id="56789815" url="?curid=56789815" title="SIM4C (New York City bus)">
SIM4C (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789817" url="?curid=56789817" title="SIM5 (New York City bus)">
SIM5 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789818" url="?curid=56789818" title="SIM5X (New York City bus)">
SIM5X (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789819" url="?curid=56789819" title="SIM6 (New York City bus)">
SIM6 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789820" url="?curid=56789820" title="SIM6X (New York City bus)">
SIM6X (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789823" url="?curid=56789823" title="SIM7 (New York City bus)">
SIM7 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789824" url="?curid=56789824" title="SIM8 (New York City bus)">
SIM8 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789826" url="?curid=56789826" title="SIM8X (New York City bus)">
SIM8X (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789828" url="?curid=56789828" title="SIM10 (New York City bus)">
SIM10 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789830" url="?curid=56789830" title="SIM15 (New York City bus)">
SIM15 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789832" url="?curid=56789832" title="SIM22 (New York City bus)">
SIM22 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789834" url="?curid=56789834" title="SIM23 (New York City bus)">
SIM23 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789835" url="?curid=56789835" title="SIM24 (New York City bus)">
SIM24 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789837" url="?curid=56789837" title="SIM25 (New York City bus)">
SIM25 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789839" url="?curid=56789839" title="SIM30 (New York City bus)">
SIM30 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789840" url="?curid=56789840" title="SIM31 (New York City bus)">
SIM31 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789841" url="?curid=56789841" title="SIM32 (New York City bus)">
SIM32 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789842" url="?curid=56789842" title="SIM33 (New York City bus)">
SIM33 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789843" url="?curid=56789843" title="SIM34 (New York City bus)">
SIM34 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789845" url="?curid=56789845" title="SIM35 (New York City bus)">
SIM35 (New York City bus)


</doc>
<doc id="56789848" url="?curid=56789848" title="Jeanette Yanikian">
Jeanette Yanikian

Jeanette Yanikian (July 1935 – February 2008) was a guitarist, performance artist, and therapist who was born in Baghdad, Iraq and worked in the Netherlands.
Career.
Yanikian played electric guitar and bass guitar. She performed and recorded the collectively-composed opera "Reconstructie" (Steim, 1969) by Louis Andriessen, Reinbert de Leeuw, Misha Mengelberg, Peter Schat and , and also recorded several albums with the Dutch new music ensemble, Hoketus. These albums include "Tam Tam / Bint" (Composers’ Voice, 1981) "Balans" (Composers’ Voice, 1986) and "Mausoleum / Hoketus" (Composers’ Voice, 1992).
Working as a visual and sound artist, Yanikian's performance “Aorta” was shown at the 1987 Ars Electronica festival in Linz, Austria. Based on Yanikian's own research into the processes of the human body, "Aorta" used stethoscopes, intravenous sensors, and other medical equipment to explore the sonic perceptibility of heartbeats, respiration, and circulation.
Personal life and legacy.
Yanikian was married to Dutch composer Louis Andriessen in 1996, whom she met in 1957 while he was studying in the Hague. They lived together in Amsterdam and were partners for over 40 years.
She was an active member of the "Kommunistiese Partij Nederland/Marxisties Leninisties" (KPN/ML).
Yanikian died in 2008 after battling a prolonged illness. Andriessen's five-part opera, "La Commedia" (2008)"," and David Lang’s evening-length work for string orchestra, "darker" (2010)"," are dedicated to Yanikian.

</doc>
<doc id="56789857" url="?curid=56789857" title="Persada Johor">
Persada Johor


</doc>
<doc id="56789860" url="?curid=56789860" title="Natlawreview.com">
Natlawreview.com


</doc>
<doc id="56789869" url="?curid=56789869" title="Anti-Bolshevik communism">
Anti-Bolshevik communism


</doc>
<doc id="56789872" url="?curid=56789872" title="Kusal (2018 film)">
Kusal (2018 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56789877" url="?curid=56789877" title="SN 2005V">
SN 2005V


</doc>
<doc id="56789878" url="?curid=56789878" title="LaTurbo Avedon">
LaTurbo Avedon

LaTurbo Avedon is an avatar artist, curator, the designer and founder of Panther Modern. Their work emphasizes the practice of nonphysical identity and authorship since 2008-2009. They have explored the growing relationship between users and virtual environments. They create this body of work using the simulation tools of the current moment. The genesis of their identity occurred in various profile creation processes, eventually taking a more rigid form in "Second Life".
Their work has appeared internationally including TRANSFER Gallery (New York), transmediale (Berlin), Haus der elektronischen Künste (Basel), The Whitney Museum (New York), HMVK (Dortmund), Barbican Center (London), and Galeries Lafayette (Paris).
In 2020 Avedon created an emoji as part of Unicode 13.0. emoji character library. The new emoji is “Mirror” and is available in Emoji 13.0 for platforms.
LaTurbo Avedon were a resident in The Virtual Factory, Manchester International Festival in July 2020 and in 2016-2017 they were the first virtual resident of the Somerset House Studios in London, exploring nonphysical interaction and studio practices. Their simulated lectures and exhibitions have been hosted internationally, all constructed using game engines and character creation software.
Avedon has worked on commission with the Manchester International Festival (2020), Samsung FRAME (2017), Mapping Festival PARADIGM SHIFT(2017), GIPHY+ Rhizome (2016) and CTM Festival (2015).
Projects.
Your Progress Will Be Saved.
This project is the First Virtual Factory, an online experience created by Avedon who reimagines The Factory within Fornite Creative, designed by Rem Koolhaas's OMA, Ellen van Loon as Lead Architect and backed by Manchester City Council, HM Government and Arts Council England.
The Factory is a world-class cultural space in Manchester, UK, home to the Manchester International Festival (MIF) 2020.
Panther Modern.
In 2013 Avedon founded and designed Panther Modern, a file-based exhibition space built using 3D model files, encouraging artists to create site-specific installations for the internet. The Panther has expanded to seventeen installation rooms, which was created with Cinema4D with a new area being added to the virtual model for each new artist. Since its launch it has hosted works by a variety of New Media and Digital Artists, including Morehshin Allahyari, Claudia Hart, Kim Laughton, and Jonathan Monaghan.
Panther Modern provides a variety of methods to produce works in virtual space, the artist is able to choose the format in which they will share their installations. Completed rooms are added to the existing architecture, allowing the shape of Panther Modern to change with each project.
Club Rothko.
Avedon created a virtual night club called Club Rothko in 2012 that works to intersect the online world and the real world, inspired by night clubs in virtual environments such as "Second Life" and "Mass Effect 2".
The Club Rothko Builder allowed users to make their own 3D sculptures. The most well-known image of Club Rothko is from an interaction with a painting of philosopher Slavoj Žižek.
In 2013, the goal was to fill the virtual place with statues created from selfies emailed to LaTurbo Avedon and then be uploaded to the web and emailed to the submitter in a .zip file.
In 2015 Avedon returned to Club Rothko with a new video "Save 02", that was exhibited at the CICA Museum in Czong, Korea and at the Museum Angewandtekunst, Frankfurt, Germany. This video finds the avatar of the digital artist moving through the virtual disco filled with light projections and producing music on Ableton Live.
Hatsune Miku.
Avedon has collaborated on the production of 16-year-old humanoid Hatsune Miku's shows in London and elsewhere. Hatsune Miku means “The first Sound of the Future” and she  is a singing voice synthesizer featured in over 100,000 songs released worldwide, 170,00 uploaded YouTube videos and 1,000,000 created artworks. This humanoid has collaborated with SEGA, Toyota USA and Google, and performed in Los Angeles, Taipei, Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo.
The initial project "Still Be Here" was commissioned by CTM Festival and debuted at Transmediale in February 2016. Narrative was created by Mari Matsutoya, music by Laurel Halo, character motion by Darren Johnston, produced by Martin Sulzer, visual design and staging by LaTurbo Avedon.

</doc>
<doc id="56789879" url="?curid=56789879" title="SN 2018zd">
SN 2018zd


</doc>
<doc id="56789882" url="?curid=56789882" title="CP-TPP">
CP-TPP


</doc>
<doc id="56789907" url="?curid=56789907" title="Mika Tajima">
Mika Tajima

Mika Tajima (born 1975 in Los Angeles, California) is a New York based artist who employs sculpture, painting, media installation, and performance in her conceptual practice. 
Work.
Tajima's practice materializes techniques developed to shape the physicality, productivity, and desires of the human body. Her work relates performance, control, and freedom to the embodied experience of architectonic and computational life. 
Her early installations and collaborative work explored performance in relation to the built environment. Using the music recording studio, film production set, industrial factory, data centers, and office work environment as production sites, Tajima examined how these spaces shape our activities and bodies. In each project, the performing subject confronts determined situations and seeks new possibilities through modes of non-performance and autonomy. 
Her other work draws on technologies used to control and affect the human body and mind. This includes techniques that shape psychological desires and our experience of space and time. “From architectural systems to ergonomic design to psychographic data, her works operate in the space between the transient and the tangible, and highlight the complex networks of power and submission that we experience in relationship to our physical bodies and virtual selves.”
Through a residency at the Fabric Workshop, Tajima developed her Negative Entropy woven portrait series in which she focused on mechanical textile production, in particular the development of the Jacquard loom, as a technology linked to these early modes of industry, but also one that developed into our current age of computing and information management. "Meridian" (2016), was developed using sentiment analysis and prediction technology, where the light sculpture responds in real time to the collective mood of a population expressed on live Twitter feeds from a particular geographic region, such as Istanbul. Her exhibitions include "Disassociate" (2007), "The Double" (2008), and "Negative Entropy" (2014).
Collaboration.
In 2003, she co-founded New Humans, a collaborative group including artists Eric Tsai and Howie Chen to make works involving sound, installation, and performance actions. New Humans is a moniker for Mika Tajima's projects with other musicians, artists and designers. New Humans performances and projects include Vito Acconci, Charles Atlas, Judith Butler, John Smith, C. Spencer Yeh, among others.
Biography.
Tajima earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Fine Arts and East Asian Studies from Bryn Mawr College in 1997, and a Master of Fine Arts graduate degree from the Columbia University School of the Arts in 2003. That year she was also a Post-Graduate Apprentice at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in Philadelphia. 
Awards.
In 2007 she received an Artadia Award.

</doc>
<doc id="56789914" url="?curid=56789914" title="List of covers of Charles Manson songs">
List of covers of Charles Manson songs

This is a list of cover versions by notable music artists of songs written by songwriter and convicted murderer Charles Manson. The songs that Manson wrote were released on albums recorded by his followers.

</doc>
<doc id="56789919" url="?curid=56789919" title="Sidechain (ledger)">
Sidechain (ledger)


</doc>
<doc id="56789926" url="?curid=56789926" title="Belle Fourche Band Shell">
Belle Fourche Band Shell

The Belle Fourche Band Shell is a band shell in Herrmann Park in Belle Fourche, South Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
The band shell was deemed significant for having "served as a focal point for outdoor band concerts, speeches, performances, and other gatherings since its construction in 1954" and "as a local vernacular adaptation of a band shell, a resource type made popular throughout the country in the 1920s and 1930s. Although not built until the 1950s, it embodies the features of earlier and larger band shells as interpreted by a local builder/contractor."
It was built at instigation of Dr. John L. Chassell who donated $4,000 funds towards its construction in 1954. Chassells admired Belle Fourche when he visited from northern Iowa in 1906, and promptly moved his medical practice to Belle Fourche. He married May Haims in 1909 and they had four children. Chassell was "a well-respected doctor and very active in community activities", including in the Belle Fourche Commercial Club and the local Masonic lodge. Three of the children participated in band and performed "in park concerts with the Cowboy Band", which was a municipal band formed in 1922; there were previous bands as far back as 1897.
Only one firm, Carl Anderson &amp; Son, bid on constructing the complete band shell. The bid, for 5,210, was covered by Chassell's donation plus funds from a park trust account. Reportedly "Most builders in the area refused to bid on the project because they didn’t think the curved ceiling and roof could be built. Bud [Anderson] later joked that he and his dad were 'too dumb to know that, so we just did it.' The Andersons set up an on-site “shop” to fabricate the trusses by laminating six-foot lengths of 2 x 6 fir lumber and then sawing them into the needed shapes. Covering the outside of the dome with shiplap and slate roofing wasn't difficult, but covering the inside of the dome proved to be a challenge. They chose to use six-inch tongue-and-groove flooring material that had to be bent inward and downward at the same time. This required true ingenuity and the Andersons, with local blacksmith Ray Oliver, designed and fabricated a tool that made this bending process not only possible, but easy to use. This tool is apparently still in Bud's collection at hishome." Dr. Chassell also suggested the city should install permanent seating in front of the band shell, but this was not ever done.

</doc>
<doc id="56789930" url="?curid=56789930" title="AP CSA">
AP CSA


</doc>
<doc id="56789934" url="?curid=56789934" title="APEURO">
APEURO


</doc>
<doc id="56789940" url="?curid=56789940" title="2018 Canadian banknote series">
2018 Canadian banknote series

The eighth series of banknotes of the Canadian dollar was first released by the Bank of Canada in 2018. Like the preceding 2011 Frontier series, the 2018 series consists of polymer banknotes designed for increased durability and to incorporate more security features. It is the first series issued by the Bank of Canada printed in a vertical configuration.
The banknotes were designed by the Canadian Bank Note Company, which also prints the banknotes. The first note, the $10 bill featuring Viola Desmond, was revealed on International Women's Day, March 8, 2018, and was released to the public on November 19, 2018. Future notes will come at a slower pace than previous series to allow technological innovations to be worked into their design as time goes on.
$5 note.
In January 2020, the Bank of Canada confirmed it would begin soliciting suggestions for the historic Canadian who would replace Wilfrid Laurier on the $5 note. The Bank of Canada released a shortlist of candidates under consideration for the bill in November 2020 which included figures such as Pitseolak Ashoona, Won Alexander Cumyow, Terry Fox, and others.
$10 note.
The $10 note is purple, and the obverse features a portrait of Viola Desmond, a Black Nova Scotian businesswoman who challenged racial segregation at a film theatre in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, in 1946. The background of the portrait is a colourful rendition of the street grid of Halifax, Nova Scotia, including the waterfront, Citadel, and Street, where Desmond's Studio of Beauty Culture was located. Foil features on the note face include both the Flag and Coat of Arms of Canada. This is the first Canadian banknote to feature neither a prime minister nor a member of the royal family in its solo portrait, and the first to feature a solo female Canadian other than the Queen.
The reverse features the Canadian Museum for Human Rights in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Part of the background pattern mirrors the museum's interior architecture and its ramps connecting multiple levels. A foil eagle feather is prominent, symbolizing ideals such as truth, power and freedom. A quotation from section 15 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms appears in both English and French.
The foil window at the base of the note includes an iridescent rendering of the Library of Parliament's vaulted dome ceiling, which can be seen from both sides of the note.
In 2019, the International Bank Note Society awarded the design the top prize in its annual banknote design competition. It won against new currency designs from Switzerland, Norway, Russia and the Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="56789948" url="?curid=56789948" title="Alicia Jo Rabins">
Alicia Jo Rabins

Alicia Jo Rabins is a performer, musician, singer, composer, poet, writer, and Jewish scholar. She lives in Portland, Oregon, in the United States. Her use of language and words is central to her work: "Words may be the closest we get to immortality as humans. Death has no power over those words. Geography has no power over them. They transmit something beyond any one, or any community's, lifetime." She played violin for eight years in the rock-klezmer band Golem.
Biography.
She got her B.A. in English and creative writing at Barnard College, received an M.F.A. in poetry from Warren Wilson College, an M.A. in Jewish gender and women's studies from the Jewish Theological Seminary, and studied for two years at the Pardes Institute of Jewish Studies in Jerusalem.
During the Fall 2016 session, she taught a course, "Arts and Jewish Experience: Exploring Diverse American Identities through Art", at Portland State University.
In 2014, Rabins performed "A Kaddish for Bernie Madoff". She has performed at: Webster Hall, New York City (October 27, 2008); "A Kaddish for Bernie Madoff", Portland State University (May 2014);
University of North Carolina at Asheville (March 6, 2018); and 
The Poetry Project, New York City (November 26, 2018). Rabins and her work has been featured in "The New York Times", "Literary Mama", the Jewish Women's Archive, "Lilith", "The Forward", "Tablet", Oregon Public Broadcasting, and more.
Jo Rabins is married to bassist Aaron Hartman and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="56789949" url="?curid=56789949" title="Paramount Decree">
Paramount Decree


</doc>
<doc id="56789954" url="?curid=56789954" title="Surrey Mirror">
Surrey Mirror


</doc>
<doc id="56789958" url="?curid=56789958" title="Han Zilong">
Han Zilong

Han Zilong (; born 6 April 1994) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Han Zilong joined Hebei Elite's youth academy in 2010 and received training with the club at Brazil between 2010 and 2013. He returned to China in 2014 when Hebei Elite turned to professional club and joined China League Two. Han made his senior debut as well as the club's first professional match on 30 March 2014, in the first round of 2014 Chinese FA Cup which Hebei lost to Lijiang Jiayunhao 2–0. He scored 19 goals in 61 league appearances for the club from 2014 to 2017 League Two season. 
Han transferred to Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai on 10 February 2018. On 2 March 2018, he made his debut for the club in a 1–1 away draw against Shanghai Greenland Shenhua, coming on as a substitute for Tan Long in the 88th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="56789962" url="?curid=56789962" title="FIBA EuroLeague All-Final Four Team">
FIBA EuroLeague All-Final Four Team


</doc>
<doc id="56789970" url="?curid=56789970" title="Nice 'n' Easy (Houston Person album)">
Nice 'n' Easy (Houston Person album)

Nice 'n' Easy is an album by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 2013 and released on the HighNote label.
Reception.
For All About Jazz, Jack Bowers wrote: "Those who have heard Houston Person before will know pretty much what to expect from "Nice 'n' Easy"; those who haven't are in for a pleasant ride. Even though Person never strays from conventional norms, neither does he undervalue the music or its import, lending every tune the full measure of his attentiveness and ardor". In "JazzTimes", Owen Cordle wrote: "Person is a connoisseur of melody, and he solos in a way that honors the rhythms of those melodies. He can alter his tone from tender restraint to joyful shouts. He is ever-soulful and is as capable of extroverted double-timing (“Bluesology”) as he is of economical exposition (“Ill Wind”). More young saxophonists should study the gospel according to Person".

</doc>
<doc id="56789996" url="?curid=56789996" title="Kirsten Chenowith">
Kirsten Chenowith


</doc>
<doc id="56790037" url="?curid=56790037" title="Frederator cartoon shorts filmography">
Frederator cartoon shorts filmography

These are the filmographies for the cartoon shorts series created by American animation producer Fred Seibert at and the animation production company he founded, Frederator Studios. His previous shorts series –What A Cartoon!– was produced while he was president at Hanna-Barbera.
Oh Yeah! Cartoons shorts [1998-2001].
Oh Yeah! Cartoons was Fred Seibert's second cartoon incubator and Frederator Studios' first production, with 99 original shorts exhibited on Nickelodeon. The shorts are listed in the order that they originally aired.
The series spin-offs were The Fairly OddParents, ChalkZone, and My Life as a Teenage Robot.
Random! Cartoons [2008–2009].
The original 39 Random! Cartoons shorts were supervised by series creator Fred Seibert and produced by Eric Homan and Kevin Kolde as Frederator Studios's third cartoon incubator. Exhibited on Nickelodeon. The shorts are listed in the order that they originally aired.
Spin-off series were Adventure Time, Fanboy &amp; Chum Chum, and Bravest Warriors.
The Meth Minute 39 [2007–2008].
The Meth Minute 39 had 39 original short cartoons and one bonus short, and was Frederator's fourth cartoon incubator. Production supervision was by series creator Fred Seibert, all individual cartoons were created by Dan Meth and produced by Carrie Miller, for exhibition on Channel Frederator. The shorts are listed in the order that they originally aired.
The spin-off series was "Nite Fite."
Too Cool! Cartoons [2013–2014].
There were 11 Too Cool! Cartoons, Frederator Studios' fifth cartoon incubator, produced by Eric Homan and Kevin Kolde at Frederator Studios in Burbank. Exhibited at Cartoon Hangover. The shorts are listed in the order that they originally aired.
Spin-off series were Bee &amp; PuppyCat and DeadEndia.
GO! Cartoons [2017–2018].
GO! Cartoons was Fred Seibert's sixth shorts creator and Frederator Studios' fifth, produced by Eric Homan and Kevin Kolde, in conjunction with Sony Pictures Animation. It will be Frederator's last incubator since Seibert resigned from Frederator and started FredFilms in February 2021. All 12 shorts were exhibited at Cartoon Hangover and Cartoon Hangover Select on Ellation's VRV subscription platform. The shorts are listed in the order that they originally aired.
No series spin-off series have been announced as of 2018.
Frederator Digital's Mini-Series [2018].
Frederator Digital's Mini-Series are produced by Carrie Miller (executive produced by Fred Seibert) and exhibited on Cartoon Hangover Select on the VRV subscription platform.

</doc>
<doc id="56790039" url="?curid=56790039" title="Rebeca Bollinger">
Rebeca Bollinger

Rebeca Bollinger (born Los Angeles, California) is an American artist whose practice encompasses sculpture, video, photography, drawing, installation and performance. Her work employs unconventional materials and processes through which she aggregates, fragments, re-translates or juxtaposes images and objects, in order to examine shifts in meaning, information and memory. She began her art career amid cultural shifts in the 1990s, and her work of that time engages the effects of the early internet on image production and display, systems of ordering, and the construction of identity. Her later work shifted in emphasis from images to objects, employing similar processes to give form to invisible forces, memories, ephemeral phenomena, and open-ended narratives. Bollinger has exhibited at institutions including the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA), de Young Museum, and Orange County Museum of Art (2002 California Biennial). Her work has been recognized by the National Endowment for the Arts and belongs to the public art collections of SFMOMA, de Young Museum, and San Jose Museum of Art, among others.
Life and career.
Bollinger was born and raised in Los Angeles. After earning her BFA (Painting and New Genres, 1993) from the San Francisco Art Institute (SFAI), she attracted critical and institutional attention for her early work. She has exhibited at The Lab, SFMOMA, Art in the Anchorage (Creative Time, Brooklyn), Museum Fridericianum (Kassel, Germany), ISEA International (Rotterdam), Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, Walter Maciel (Los Angeles), Rena Bransten (San Francisco) and Feigen Contemporary (New York) galleries, Mills College Art Museum, Henry Art Gallery, Gallery 16, Ballroom Marfa, Pacific Film Archive and Asian Art Museum. In 2005, she joined the faculty of California College of the Arts, teaching there until 2018.
Work.
Critics characterize Bollinger's work by its conceptual and aesthetic economy and exploration of unexpected materials, processes and combinations. She often enacts translations between different media and modes of representation and abstraction, individual and aggregate, order and randomness, and ephemerality and concreteness.
Early work: archives, sculpture, video.
Bollinger first gained notice for her video "Alphabetically Sorted" (1994), a found object of 644 keywords on a CompuServe photography forum called "Plain Brown Wrapper," which were then alphabetized and read by Victoria: High Quality, an early Apple PlainTalk electronic voice. "New York Times" critic Roberta Smith noted the work's sociological slant and "surprisingly inflected" narration suggesting "a kind of found poetry."
In 1995, Bollinger began imprinting downloaded portraits from early websites onto baked goods using a commercial baking printer called the Sweet Art Machine. These sculptures and installations featured shrink-wrapped cookies, cakes and crackers. Critics described them as both "eerie" portraits whose printed imperfections suggested impermanence and the fragility of identity, and as critical objects commenting on the blurring of private and public.
In the later 1990s, Bollinger explored digital archiving and display, revealing imperceptible structures, affinities and cultural assumptions built into the seemingly neutral ordering processes of an image-saturated culture. These themes were investigated in the "Similar/Same" series (1999-2000), colored pencil drawings and wall-sized video projections, and the site-specific video installation The Collection (descending) (1999) for the de Young Museum. Glen Helfand wrote that The Collection (descending) "dazzling mosaics of colors and shapes" revealed the enormity of the museum's holdings (much of it largely forgotten) and raised questions about how contemporary audiences see (or don't see) art.
Later work: photography, sculpture.
In the 2000s, Bollinger began creating a repository of her own photographs of everyday subjects, which she catalogued and presented in video projections and works on paper exploring uncertainty, the fragmentation of experience, and randomness. The video projection "Fields" (2001) presented this archive as time-based abstractions, while the "Index" print series (2001) translated the material into meditative fields organized by time and color. Critics suggest that the chance structuring of the work enabled surprising forms of beauty reminiscent of the rhythms and randomness of John Cage compositions.
Bollinger's "Straight Photos" blurred distinctions between photography and painting, foreground and background, familiar and foreign by mixing painterly abstraction, representation, wavering perspectives, and fields of refracted light. In "Here to There" (2007), she extended this work into sculptural space, projecting sequences of multiple images onto a freestanding wall with raised wood boxes to form collage-like wholes that combined Cubist-like fragmentation with cinematic duration and dissolves.
Beginning in 2010, Bollinger increasingly translated two-dimensional images and ephemeral experiences into three-dimensional space and physical objects (e.g., "Background", 2010). Using photography as a structural base to extract shapes and abstractions, she produced works such as "Color Study" (2010), which combined an unfocused photograph with glazed ceramic elements, recalling early Cubist collage while suggesting the implied space of an abstract painting come to life. In later sculpture, installations and performances, she aggregated materials and objects—found ephemera, ceramic, glass, bronze or poured aluminum elements, imprinted cork boards, and writing—much as earlier work aggregated images (e.g., "Darling Dark Direct Directly", 2018). The show "The Burrow" (2019) offered unexpected juxtapositions that evoked the lives of objects and elusive, the labyrinthine quality of memory, and enigmatic, non-linear narratives that "Sculpture Magazine" described as "hauntingly idiosyncratic."
Recognition.
Bollinger has been recognized by SFMOMA (SECA Electronic Media) (1996), the Bay Area Video Coalition (1996, 2008), Fleishhacker Foundation (1997), National Endowment for the Arts (1999), Artadia (2001), and Center for Cultural Innovation (2014), and received the James D. Phelan Art Award in Video (2004). She has been recognized with artist residencies from the Headlands Center for the Arts (1996), Loyola University New Orleans (1998), The Lab (1999), Dennis Gallagher and Sam Perry Ceramic Program (2010), and Mills College Art Museum (2018). Bollinger is featured in the book "Radical Light: Alternative Film and Video in the San Francisco Bay Area, 1945–2000" (2010), and her work belongs to the public art collections of SFMOMA, de Young Museum, San Jose Museum of Art, Oakland International Airport, University of California, San Francisco, and Video Data Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="56790040" url="?curid=56790040" title="Sweety Sima Hembram">
Sweety Sima Hembram

Sweety Sima Hembram is an Indian politician currently serving as a Member of the Legislative Assembly from the Katoria seat in Bihar representing the Rashtriya Janata Dal. Hembram won her seat in the 2015 Bihar Legislative Assembly election, becoming one of 28 women MLAs.

</doc>
<doc id="56790041" url="?curid=56790041" title="1993 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team">
1993 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team

The 1993 Cal State Hayward Pioneers football team represented California State University, Hayward in the 1993 NCAA Division II football season. Cal State Hayward competed in the Northern California Athletic Conference (NCAC).
The Pioneers were led by head coach Tim Tierney in his 19th, and last year at the helm. They played home games at Pioneer Stadium in Hayward, California. The Pioneers finished the season with a record of three wins and six losses (3–6, 2–2 NCAC). The Pioneers were outscored by their opponents 188–294 for the 1993 season. In his 19 years as the head coach, Tierney compiled a record of 76–110–5 ().
In January 1994, Cal State Hayward announced they were dropping the football program as a cost-cutting measure and to make a move toward reaching gender equity in their athletic program.
Team players in the NFL.
No Cal State Hayward Pioneers players were selected in the 1994 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56790059" url="?curid=56790059" title="Lichal">
Lichal


</doc>
<doc id="56790070" url="?curid=56790070" title="Big-game">
Big-game


</doc>
<doc id="56790074" url="?curid=56790074" title="IHWC (disambiguation)">
IHWC (disambiguation)

IHWC is the acronym for the Ice Hockey World Championships, an annual international men's ice hockey tournament organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).
IHWC may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56790076" url="?curid=56790076" title="Omarosa Manigault-Newman">
Omarosa Manigault-Newman


</doc>
<doc id="56790078" url="?curid=56790078" title="Old Kallang Airport">
Old Kallang Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56790083" url="?curid=56790083" title="Coral tree moth">
Coral tree moth


</doc>
<doc id="56790086" url="?curid=56790086" title="Indian classical theatre">
Indian classical theatre


</doc>
<doc id="56790087" url="?curid=56790087" title="Salvatore Aparo">
Salvatore Aparo


</doc>
<doc id="56790092" url="?curid=56790092" title="Ahmad Jayadiningrat">
Ahmad Jayadiningrat


</doc>
<doc id="56790094" url="?curid=56790094" title="Learey Technical Center">
Learey Technical Center


</doc>
<doc id="56790096" url="?curid=56790096" title="Three Card Brag">
Three Card Brag


</doc>
<doc id="56790108" url="?curid=56790108" title="Mighty Kacy">
Mighty Kacy


</doc>
<doc id="56790114" url="?curid=56790114" title="RB Leipzig in European football">
RB Leipzig in European football

RB Leipzig is a German association football club based in Leipzig, Saxony. The club was founded in 2009 by initiative of the company Red Bull GmbH—which purchased the playing rights of a fifth-tier side, SSV Markranstädt, with the intent of advancing the new club to the top-flight Bundesliga within eight years. Men's professional football is run by the spin-off organization "RasenballSport Leipzig GmbH". RB Leipzig plays its home matches at the Red Bull Arena.
Having finished as runners-up in their debut season in the German top flight, RB Leipzig gained entry to continental football for the first time, specifically the 2017–18 Champions League for which Red Bull Salzburg had also qualified as Austrian champions; this raised the issue of a possible conflict of interest between the clubs due to the level of influence exerted by Red Bull over both teams and the close sporting relationship between them in various aspects. After examining the operational structures during June 2017, UEFA declared themselves satisfied under their regulations that the two clubs (particularly Salzburg) were suitably independent from the Red Bull corporation, and sufficiently distinct from one another, for both be admitted to their competitions.
In the first season following that ruling, both reached the quarter-finals of the 2017–18 Europa League but did not play each other, with RB Leipzig eliminated by Olympique de Marseille who then also knocked out Salzburg in the semi-finals. However, in the next edition of the same competition, RB Leipzig and Red Bull Salzburg were drawn together in Group B to meet competitively for the first time.
RB Leipzig is one of the first clubs in history to qualify for the Champions League so soon (eight years) after its creation. Salzburg were the victors in both fixtures between the clubs (3–2 in Germany, 1–0 in Austria) and also won all their other matches to top the group, while Leipzig failed to progress after dropping further points against Celtic and Rosenborg.

</doc>
<doc id="56790120" url="?curid=56790120" title="Dostoevskaya (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Dostoevskaya (Saint Petersburg Metro)


</doc>
<doc id="56790155" url="?curid=56790155" title="2018 Singapore National Football League">
2018 Singapore National Football League

The 2018 National Football League (also known as the Aminovital National Football League) is the 44th season of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="56790162" url="?curid=56790162" title="Studio One (TV show)">
Studio One (TV show)


</doc>
<doc id="56790164" url="?curid=56790164" title="Studio One (Dubai TV series)">
Studio One (Dubai TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56790182" url="?curid=56790182" title="Kröpfl">
Kröpfl

Kröpfl is a German-language, Austrian surname. Notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56790183" url="?curid=56790183" title="Kropfl">
Kropfl


</doc>
<doc id="56790188" url="?curid=56790188" title="Hespeler Shamrocks (1960–1979)">
Hespeler Shamrocks (1960–1979)


</doc>
<doc id="56790189" url="?curid=56790189" title="Hay Creek Bridge">
Hay Creek Bridge

The Hay Creek Bridge in Belle Fourche, South Dakota was built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It is a two-span multi-plate arch bridge, with two semi-circular barrel arches with filled spandrels. It was built by the City of Belle Fourche and the Works Progress Administration. It brings 8th Ave. over Hay Creek, within Belle Fourche. It is also known as Eighth Ave. Bridge and as South Dakota Dept. of Transportation Bridge No. 10-100-378.

</doc>
<doc id="56790197" url="?curid=56790197" title="Wu Der-mei">
Wu Der-mei


</doc>
<doc id="56790202" url="?curid=56790202" title="United Kingdom general election, January-February 1910">
United Kingdom general election, January-February 1910


</doc>
<doc id="56790204" url="?curid=56790204" title="United Kingdom general election, January–February 1910">
United Kingdom general election, January–February 1910


</doc>
<doc id="56790205" url="?curid=56790205" title="United Kingdom general election, February 1910">
United Kingdom general election, February 1910


</doc>
<doc id="56790211" url="?curid=56790211" title="Angry Black Woman">
Angry Black Woman


</doc>
<doc id="56790219" url="?curid=56790219" title="2008 Giro del Trentino">
2008 Giro del Trentino

The 2008 Giro del Trentino was the 32nd edition of the Tour of the Alps cycle race and was held on 22 April to 25 April 2008. The race started in Arco and finished in Peio Terme. The race was won by Vincenzo Nibali.

</doc>
<doc id="56790221" url="?curid=56790221" title="Optimist">
Optimist


</doc>
<doc id="56790232" url="?curid=56790232" title="Francisco Kröpfl">
Francisco Kröpfl

Francisco Kröpfl (born 26 February 1931, in Timișoara) is an Argentinian composer and music theorist. He was born in Timișoara, Romania into a family of Danube Swabians. He studied with Juan Carlos Paz. 
In the decade of the 1950s he was one of the pioneers of the methods of electroacoustic music in Latin America. With the technical collaboration of Fausto Maranca, in 1958 he founded the “Estudio de Fonología Musical” at the Universidad de Buenos Aires - the first institutional studio of electronic music in the continent. He was the director of the 'Laboratorio de Música Electrónica del Centro Latinoamericano de Altos Estudios Musicales' (CLAEM) of the Instituto Torcuato Di Tella between 1967 and 1971.
In 1977 he received a Guggenheim fellowship for music composition. He received the Konex Award in 2009. Among his many pupils were Susana Anton, Oscar Edelstein and Marta Varela.

</doc>
<doc id="56790237" url="?curid=56790237" title="Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas">
Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas

Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas was an American documentary television series hosted by Wyatt Cenac. It premiered on April 13, 2018, on HBO. The series is executive produced by Cenac, Ezra Edelman, John Oliver, Tim Greenberg, David Martin, James Taylor, Jon Thoday and head writer Hallie Haglund. A second season began broadcasting on April 5, 2019. On June 7 of that year, the series was cancelled.
The show takes "a satirical look at social and cultural issues from Cenac's unique perspective. Rather than sit behind a desk, he will undertake a journey to understand some of the big issues of the moment and investigate real-world solutions".
Production.
On October 16, 2017, it was announced that HBO had given a series order to a new documentary television series presented by Wyatt Cenac. The series order was for a first season consisting of ten episodes in which Cenac would executive produce alongside Ezra Edelman, John Oliver, Tim Greenberg, David Martin, James Taylor, Jon Thoday, and head writer Hallie Haglund. Production companies involved in the series were slated to consist of Avalon Television.
On March 8, 2018, it was announced that the series had been titled "Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas" and that it would premiere on April 13, 2018. On May 22, 2018, it was announced that HBO had renewed the series for a second season.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Release.
On March 8, 2018, HBO released a promotional poster. A day later, the first trailer for the series was released.
Reception.
Critical response.
In a positive review, "The A.V. Club"s Danette Chavez called the show, "pointedly funny, and a necessary addition to late-night." She went on to offer the show praise and described its outlook saying, "Cenac's not interested in preaching to the choir or rehashing liberal talking points. The loose structure of the show—there's no real monologue, but there are segments and cheeky, animated asides—mirrors Cenac's desire to map out a blueprint for change. He knows this means there will be a few, if not many, wrong turns and dead ends, but he's not afraid to admit he doesn't have all the answers." In a more mixed review, Matt Zoller Seitz of "Vulture" called the show a "mixed bag" and said that Cenac comes across like "a man ranting alone in a basement rec room."

</doc>
<doc id="56790238" url="?curid=56790238" title="Bangladesh-Egypt relations">
Bangladesh-Egypt relations


</doc>
<doc id="56790242" url="?curid=56790242" title="Theodora Skipitares">
Theodora Skipitares

Theodora Skipitares is a New York–based interdisciplinary artist. Trained as a sculptor and theater designer, she began creating autobiographical solo performances in the late 1970s. She moved on to examine diverse social and political themes using a wide variety of puppets, of all sizes. She has created 26 original works featuring various forms of puppetry, original commissioned music, video, and documentary texts.
Skipitares is Associate Professor of Art and Design Education at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York, and has taught workshops in various U.S. universities as well as abroad, influencing many emerging artists. She has received grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, New York Foundation for the Arts, New York State Council on the Arts, and UNIMA (the International Puppetry Association), as well as a Guggenheim Fellowship, a Rockefeller Fellowship and a McKnight Playwriting Fellowship, among other honors. She won the American Theatre Wing's Henry Hewes Design Award in 1999, and her productions garnered two New York Innovative Theatre Awards in 2005. Her visual work has been exhibited widely in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. In 2014 her work was on view at the Whitney Museum of American Art in "Rituals of Rented Island: Object Theater, Loft Performance, and the New Psychodrama."
Early Life in Bay Area.
Skipitares was born in San Francisco to Greek parents. From an early age, she made objects, usually sewn objects that were worn. As a teenager she began performing in the streets or in public parks, usually for a political cause. When she went to UC Berkeley, she continued sewing and gluing together body coverings for her street performances. These objects included a robe of 3,000 walnut shells, a jump suit of 1,000 baby-bottle nipples, and a 12-foot tall construction of tree branches and bark.
Move to New York.
In 1969 Skipitares arrived in New York City to attend New York University's School of the Arts. After completing her MFA in theater design, Skipitares worked briefly as a costume designer for Richard Schechner's Performance Group, Omar Shapli's Section Ten and Carl Weber. She then began creating solo performances, highlighting some of the conflicts between Greek and American culture she had experienced as a young woman. Using masks or costume extensions of her body, she focused on the female body as the source of storytelling and ritual in such works as "Mask Performance" (1975), "The Venus Cafe" (1977), "The Mother and the Maid" (1979), and "Skysaver" (1980) and was the lead off performer at "Public Arts International/Free Speech",
The First Puppets.
Skipitares introduced 30-inch self-portrait figures into her performances in 1981, initially in supporting roles but eventually taking over the stage. She saw these "puppets" as having an innocence and a purity that make them especially effective in illuminating and critiquing social and political issues. She has explained that "the puppet is an empty shell, and the puppeteer's job is to breathe life into the empty vessel. And if the intention of the puppeteer is pure, then the soul of the puppet is pure. And so you can ask the puppet to be a person, and it will be that person with a lightness and innocence and authenticity." Her first play for puppet figures was "Micropolis" (1982), a collection of miniature scenes based on actual events taking place in New York and other cities.
Marrying documentary material (from historical accounts to breaking news) with puppets of all sizes, Skipitares began creating large-scale puppet performances on a variety of topics. "The Age of Invention" (1984), with a cast of 300 puppets and 5 live performers, traced the saga of American invention from Benjamin Franklin through Thomas Edison to a twentieth-century salesman/surgeon. "Defenders of the Code: A Musical History of Genetics" (1987) was described by "New York Times" critic Mel Gussow as “an illuminating exploration into the laboratories of life." "Empires and Appetites" (1989) presented a history of food and famine, and "The Radiant City" (1991) exposed how New York City was shaped by power broker Robert Moses.
Works at La MaMa.
In 1992 Skipitares became a resident artist at La MaMa, an experimental theater in New York City. She has presented 25 productions at La MaMa, including "Under the Knife" (1994), a site-specific history of medicine that took an audience to 12 different environments, and "Body of Crime" (1996/1999), a history of women in prison. Reviewing "Underground" (1992), "New York Times" critic David Richards noted, "Ms. Skipitares is a social critic…. At the same time, she is something of a metaphysician and a disquieting sense of dread and dislocation attend her endeavors…. She wants you to look hard and close into dark nooks and spooky crannies."
From 1995 to 2005 Skipitares traveled frequently with La MaMa's founder, Ellen Stewart, to create projects in Vietnam, Cambodia, Serbia, Albania, and South Africa. In 1999 Skipitares went to India on the first of three Fulbright fellowships there. Its impressive traditions of storytelling and puppetry led her into a reexamination of her own roots and the dramatic literature of ancient Greece. Beginning in 2003, she created three works connecting the Trojan War with the Iraq War: "Helen: Queen of Sparta," "Odyssey: The Homecoming," and "Iphigenia". In 2009 she premiered "The Travelling Players Present the Women of Troy," a play in which giant 13-foot-high puppets representing contemporary real-life female activists from Africa and Afghanistan "gave birth" to Euripides' characters in the play "Trojan Women".
Skipitares continued to explore Greek texts with a production of "Lysistrata" in 2010 and "Prometheus Within" in 2011. Skipitares then shifted to an exploration of absurdist plays of the twentieth century. Her "The Chairs" (2014) was a "puppet theater response" to Eugene Ionesco's play. She created 29 "performing" chairs and let each chair tell the story of a real-life person, in contrast to the invisibility of Ionesco's "guests." Judith Malina, a founder of the Living Theater, was the voice of the Old Woman, the host for all the guests. In 2016 Skipitares staged "Six Characters (A Family Album)," a reimagination of Luigi Pirandello's classic play.

</doc>
<doc id="56790243" url="?curid=56790243" title="Abyan conflict (2016-2017)">
Abyan conflict (2016-2017)


</doc>
<doc id="56790249" url="?curid=56790249" title="The Melody Lingers On (Houston Person album)">
The Melody Lingers On (Houston Person album)

The Melody Lingers On is an album by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 2014 and released on the HighNote label.
Reception.
In his review on Allmusic, Matt Collar states "A journeyman artist with a bent toward swinging soul-jazz, Person has developed into something of an American treasure over the past 30 years. Since the '90s, Person has released a steady stream of standards albums, heavy on lyrical and blues-based songs that perfectly exploit his distinctive, burnished tenor drawl. "The Melody Lingers On" is no exception, featuring a set of songs heavily weighted toward an intimate, afterglow vibe centered on the warm sound of Person's saxophone. ... At 79 years young, with "The Melody Lingers On" Person continues his reign as one of the titans of the lush jazz tenor sound". In JazzTimes, Mike Joyce wrote "Here’s veteran reedman Houston Person rolling in the deep again, his tone resonant as ever, his primary focus the Great American Songbook and its enduring lyricism. Unmistakably in his element, relaxed and yet fully engaged".

</doc>
<doc id="56790254" url="?curid=56790254" title="Stonelake Bridge">
Stonelake Bridge

The Stonelake Bridge, on Winkler Rd. about west of Newell, in Butte County, South Dakota, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It was manufactured in 1910. Also known as the Horse Creek Bridge, it is a pony truss lattice bridge built by the Canton Bridge Co.. The bridge was moved in 1972.
It is significant as "the only single span Pony truss lattice bridge in west central South Dakota".
The bridge was moved again to the Newell Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="56790259" url="?curid=56790259" title="Terry Weppler">
Terry Weppler


</doc>
<doc id="56790279" url="?curid=56790279" title="Gay Outlaw">
Gay Outlaw

Gay Outlaw (born 1959) is an American artist working in sculpture, photography and printmaking. She is known for her "rigorous and unexpected explorations of material". She is based in San Francisco, California.
Early life and education.
Gay Outlaw was born in 1959 in Mobile, Alabama. She received her BA in French from the University of Virginia in 1981. She studied from 1981 until 1982 at the École de Cuisine La Varenne, a cooking school in Paris. After Paris, she moved to New York and took classes at the International Center for Photography between 1987-1988.
Work.
Outlaw's early work was made of perishable items such as pastry and caramels. In 1995, she created a 34-foot-long wall of fruitcake bricks and installed it at Yerba Buena Gardens in San Francisco. She embraces the transformations that occur with these time sensitive mediums, challenging people's expectations of sculpture being stable. Outlaw's recent work includes assemblages with her photographs and cast glass sculptures she calls "puddles".
When asked the meaning of her work, Outlaw said, "The message is no message. I call it formal free association".
Outlaw continually explores duality in her work, for example, interior and exterior, or solids and voids. One of her notable pieces, "Black Hose Mountain", is a huge sculpture consisting of black hoses filled with plaster.
Selected exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions.
1990 – The Friends of Photography at the Ansel Adams Center, San Francisco, California
1996 – “New Pictures and Sculpture,” Refusalon, San Francisco, CA and Littlejohn Contemporary Art, New York, New York
1998 – SFMoMA's SECA Art Award Exhibition, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, California
2003 – “New Work by Gay Outlaw,” University of Virginia Art Museum, Charlottesville, Virginia
2004 – “Impermeable,” Gallery Paule Anglim, San Francisco, California
2005 – “Three-legged Inversions,” Mills College Art Museum, Oakland, California
2007–2008 – “Gay Outlaw: Recent Work,” Gatehouse Gallery, di Rosa Preserve, Napa, California
2009 – “Gay Outlaw: New Sculpture,” Gallery Paule Anglim, San Francisco, California
2011 – “Gay Outlaw: The Velocity of Ideas,” Center for Contemporary Art, Sacramento, California
2012 – "New Work, Gallery Paule Anglim, San Francisco, California.
2014 – "Home", Gallery Paule Anglim, San Francisco, California.
2016–2017 – "Mutable Object", Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art at the University of Oregon, Eugene, Oregon

</doc>
<doc id="56790287" url="?curid=56790287" title="The Master of Ragnarok &amp; Blesser of Einherjar">
The Master of Ragnarok &amp; Blesser of Einherjar

 is a Japanese light novel series written by Seiichi Takayama and illustrated by Yukisan. The series is published in English by J-Novel Club. Chany is serializing a manga adaptation on Hobby Japan's website. An anime television series adaptation by EMT Squared aired from July 8 to September 23, 2018.
Plot.
Yuuto Suoh is a fourteen-year-old second-year junior high student who is knowledgeable about urban legends. One night, in his quest to discover if the urban legend of the local Tsukimiya Shrine was true, he irreversibly discovered that the legend was not a sham. Forcibly separated from his childhood friend and love of his life, Mitsuki Shimoya, Yuuto appeared in another world with heavy similarities to Norse mythology (while doing research on the world, he discovered that the "other world" wasn't truly another world but was an Earth in the distant past, specifically, 2000-1300 BC, the Late Bronze Age). In his quest for survival, Yuuto inadvertently rose to become the patriarch of the Wolf Clan, the family that had taken him in upon his summoning, by using the modern knowledge provided to him by his smartphone that he had unwittingly brought with him to the other world. Despite winning the affections of multiple Einherjars, magic-wielding warrior maidens, Yuuto has but one goal: to return to the side of his childhood friend and one true love (although this does not stop the other girls from trying to win him over).
Media.
Light novel.
The light novels are written by Seiichi Takayama and illustrated by Yukisan. Hobby Japan published the first novel in August 2013. Digital publisher J-Novel Club licensed the series for an English release, and published the first four chapters on January 27, 2018.
Manga.
A manga adaptation by Chany is serialized on Hobby Japan's website since 2015. J-Novel Club licensed the series for an English release, and published the first Volume on May 31, 2019.
Anime.
An anime television series adaptation aired from July 8 to September 23, 2018 and broadcast on Tokyo MX and BS11. The series is directed by Kōsuke Kobayashi and written by Natsuko Takahashi, with animation by studio EMT Squared. Mariko Ito served as the series' character designer and also as chief animation director alongside Miyako Yatsu. Aya Uchida performed the opening theme song "Bright way", and petit milady performed the ending theme song . The series is simulcast by Crunchyroll, who also co-produced the series. Funimation produced the English dub. The series ran for 12 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="56790294" url="?curid=56790294" title="Juliet Wilson–Bareau">
Juliet Wilson–Bareau

Juliet Wilson–Bareau (born 1935) is a British art historian, curator, and independent scholar, specialising in Francisco Goya and Édouard Manet. From 1993 to 1994, she held the Slade Professorship of Fine Art at the University of Oxford. She curated a show on Goya at the Museo del Prado in Madrid in 1993 and at the Royal Academy of Arts in London in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="56790295" url="?curid=56790295" title="Lefkoşa Türk Maarif Koleji">
Lefkoşa Türk Maarif Koleji


</doc>
<doc id="56790296" url="?curid=56790296" title="Kellie Lucas">
Kellie Lucas

Kellie Louise Lucas (born 31 March 1978) is an Australian badminton player. She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the women's singles, doubles, and mixed doubles event. She participated at the three consecutive Commonwealth Games in 1998, 2002, and 2006, and winning a women's team bronze medal in 1998. Lucas was crowned Ballarat's Sportswoman of the Year for the fourth time in her sporting career.
Achievements.
Oceania Championships.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
IBF Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56790297" url="?curid=56790297" title="Juliet Wilson Bareau">
Juliet Wilson Bareau


</doc>
</root>