<root><doc id="56589172" url="?curid=56589172" title="2018 London Broncos season">
2018 London Broncos season

The 2018 London Broncos season was the 39th in the club's history, their fourth consecutive campaign out of the Super League and the third since moving to Ealing and the Trailfinders Sports Ground.
Competing in the 2018 Betfred Championship and the 2018 Ladbrokes Challenge Cup, the club was coached by Danny Ward, ending the regular league season in second place behind the Toronto Wolfpack, thereby qualifying for the 2018 Super League Qualifiers.
The London Broncos finished in fifth position at the end of the seven match qualifying series, earning themselves a place in the Million Pound Game and a trip to Canada to play Toronto Wolfpack, and the on-field season concluded with a sensational victory and promotion back to the European Super League, Rugby League's top flight in the Northern Hemisphere, for the 2019 season.
Year Review.
January.
Pre-season preparations conclude with two away fixtures, a close victory at Betfred Championship 1 side, Doncaster 22-16 in freezing snowy conditions, followed by a narrow 18-24 loss at Betfred Super League outfit, Hull Kingston Rovers.
February.
The Broncos begin the sponsored Betfred Championship season in fine style by winning their opening four fixtures, three of them at home.
Barrow Raiders are dispatched 56-12 on the season's opening day following a masterful man of the match display by James Meadows on debut, and following a hard fought 12-0 away success at Dewsbury Rams, Eddie Battye and Jarrod Sammut the try scorers, two further home victories over traditional rivals, Featherstone Rovers and the much fancied Toronto Wolfpack see the London based outfit top the early season table.
March.
The month begins in freezing conditions, courtesy of the Beast from the East, which results in the Broncos' Round 5 fixture at Sheffield Eagles being postponed on 4 March.
The Broncos record a fifth straight championship victory the following weekend however, defeating Batley Bulldogs 68-12 in a twelve try blitz at Trailfinders Sports Ground in front of a crowd of 1,200. Kieran Dixon bags four tries, and there are braces for Api Pewhairangi and Rhys Williams.
The Broncos commence their Ladbrokes Challenge Cup campaign seven days later with a long trip to Betfred Championship 1 club, Workington Town, and a close encounter sees the Londoners emerge victorious 22-20, Rhys Williams repeats the feat of seven days previous with a try double, and Api Pewhairangi and Tom Spencer also cross the chalk line for Danny Ward's side.
The midweek Ladbrokes Challenge Cup draw pits the Broncos with a tough looking trip to a revitalised Leigh Centurions, the former Betfred Super League outfit recovering form after an inauspicious start to life back in the Betfred Championship.
The last Sunday of the month has the Broncos travelling north to Heywood Road, home of struggling Swinton Lions and the visitors record a thumping 64-18 win to reassert their authority at the top of the championship table. The twelve try rout sees a hat-trick for Alex Walker and doubles for Kieran Dixon and James Cunningham. James Meadows, Will Lovell and Lewis Bienek also grab four-pointers to further emphasis the growing influence of the London produced players while Tom Spencer and Ben Hellewell complete the scoring.
Good Friday sees the visit of Sylvain Houles' Toulouse Olympique, and despite an early score by captain, Jay Pitts, the hosts struggle in the extremely wet conditions and subside to a first league defeat of the campaign, the French side running out easy 36-16 victors.
April.
In a precursor to the upcoming 5th round Ladbrokes Challenge Cup tie later in the month the Broncos complete their Easter programme at Leigh Centurions. A hard fought encounter on Bank Holiday Monday in front of 3, 328 sees Danny Ward's men just come up short, tries from Elliot Kear, James Cunningham and Matty Gee not enough to prevent a second defeat inside four days as the improving hosts record a fourth straight championship victory.
Another tough day at the office ensued six days later, as a trip to Halifax R.L.F.C. results in a third defeat in as many games, the Broncos unable to take advantage of the hosts twice being reduced to 12 men in a feisty encounter, eventually losing 16-26 to Richard Marshall's Shaymen.
The Broncos in need of a return to winning ways, travelled to Rochdale Hornets on the following Friday and returned south with two valuable points. Kieran Dixon led the way with a treble added to by a Sadiq Adebiyi brace, scores sufficient to see the Broncos victorious 30-15 on an extremely wet evening at the Crown Oil Arena.
A return to Lancashire and the Leigh Centurions the following weekend proves less fruitful, a below par performance ends with the Londoners crashing out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup 0-40.
The month is completed with a comfortable eleven try home win over lowly Dewsbury Rams, the mercurial Jarrod Sammut contributing 29 points, three tries and ten goals in a 64-6 success.
May.
The early May Bank holiday weekend has the Broncos play host to familiar foes, in the shape of Leigh Centurions, and despite a fantastic effort in sweltering conditions the home side fall to a third defeat by Kieron Purtill's Leigh Centurions team inside five weeks. An absorbing encounter in front of a season's best crowd to date of 1, 340 has the spectators on the edge of their seats, tries from Rhys Williams, Alex Walker, Matty Gee, James Meadows and Sadiq Adebiyi not quite enough to prevent a 30-40 reverse and a slide to fourth place in the Betfred Championship table.
The next two weekend's see the Broncos rack up 112 points in two victories over Sheffield Eagles, the first, the postponed Round 5 fixture. The month ends with a first defeat at the Summer Bash as Toulouse Olympique again prove too strong for the Broncos who lose 28-40 in sunny Blackpool, despite tries from Jarrod Sammut, captain Jay Pitts, Ben Evans and two from Rhys Williams.
June.
With a week off due to the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup quarter-finals the Broncos have time to re-group, ahead of their first ever trans-atlantic fixture at Betfred Championship leaders, Toronto Wolfpack. The hosts, backed by a crowd of 7, 384 are intent on avenging their only league defeat of the season back in February, and prove difficult opponents, tries from Jarrod Sammut and Elliot Kear unable to prevent a 12-32 loss, a result that sees the Broncos drop out of the top four.
Lowly Rochdale Hornets and Swinton Lions visit Trailfinders Sports Ground before month end, and Danny Ward's team regain their form with two impressive victories, a regular season's best 68-0 against the former, and an equally convincing 58-22 over the latter.
July.
The race for the top four is as red hot as the 2018 British Isles Heat Wave, and the competition remains fierce with six teams firmly in the hunt ahead of the last five fixtures. Toronto Wolfpack are seemingly secure at the head of the table, but the other five clubs, Toulouse Olympique, Featherstone Rovers, Halifax R.L.F.C., Leigh Centurions and the Broncos all hold genuine aspirations of securing a place in the Super League Qualifiers ahead of the mid-season break.
The Londoners, with a tough looking run-in, remain firmly in contention in fifth place and continue their charge with a 38-16 triumph at Batley Bulldogs, a brace from Rhys Williams, and further efforts from Api Pewhairangi, Matty Gee, Jay Pitts and Kieran Dixon enough to secure the points against Matt Diskin's side.
A third match up of the campaign against Toulouse Olympique sees the teams share forty points. In temperatures reaching 33c the Broncos fight back from 12-20 down to grab a point in the game's last quarter, an Eddie Battye try is converted by Kieran Dixon, who then kicks a 75th minute pressured penalty to secure a potentially vital point in France.
The Broncos host Halifax R.L.F.C. the following weekend, and in another tight encounter, the home side gain a narrow and important 20-18 win, courtesy of tries by the prolific Rhys Williams who crosses the whitewash twice, Alex Walker and Ben Evans. The result returns the Broncos to the top four ahead of a pivotal fixture away to third placed Featherstone Rovers seven days later, and despite trailing 0-7 at the break, the Broncos roar back in the second stanza, tries from Kieran Dixon, Jarrod Sammut and Alex Walker enough to earn a 14-7 come from behind victory.
The season defining win crucially leaves the fate of the Broncos in their own hands going into their final game of the regular campaign, a trip to Craven Park, Barrow-in-Furness, home of Barrow Raiders. A crushing thirteen try 72-6 rout of the Cumbrians secures a place in the Super League Qualifiers, and second spot in the Betfred Championship for the third successive season behind winners, Toronto Wolfpack. The Broncos can now look forward to four home games in the Super League Qualifiers and just edge out Toulouse Olympique and Halifax R.L.F.C. on points difference with Featherstone Rovers and Leigh Centurions consigned to the Championship Shield.
August.
The Broncos kick-off the Super League Qualifiers with a fixture at Widnes Vikings in front of the Thursday evening Sky Sports cameras. Trailing 0-6 at the break Danny Ward's men produce a stunning second half performance to earn a dramatic 21-20 come from behind victory. Mark Ioane crosses early in the second half to reduce the arrears, and despite falling 4-14 behind, 3 tries in nine minutes from Daniel Harrison and a Kieran Dixon double, the second a 70 metre interception, puts the Londoners 20-14 ahead. The hosts level in a tense finale, only for Jarrod Sammut to win it for the London Broncos with a long range field goal in the dying seconds of a riveting contest.
The Broncos entertain current Super League champions, Leeds Rhinos in Round 2, and a season's best home crowd of 1,904 witness an entertaining encounter with the Broncos registering 22 unanswered second half points, although these are not enough to prevent a 32-48 defeat. A brave effort sees Rhys Williams bag another brace while there is a first professional try for Daniel Hindmarsh. Kieran Dixon and Ben Hellewell also cross the chalk-line in their 100th appearances for the club.
September.
The London Broncos begin the month and continuation of their Super League Qualifiers campaign seven days after Catalans Dragons historic 2018 Challenge Cup Wembley success with a second trip of the season to Canada, and a fixture with Toronto Wolfpack. A scintillating four try blitz inside eight second half minutes is unable to prevent Danny Ward's men from falling to a 22-34 reversal in front of a partisan crowd of 7,557 the prolific Rhys Williams and Kieran Dixon add to their season's try tally and there are also four pointers for Alex Walker and Ben Evans.
The London Broncos play host to fellow Betfred Championship side, Toulouse Olympique eight days later in a crucial fourth out of seven Super League Qualifiers fixture, and a season's best display results in Danny Ward's men run out convincing 34-8 victors, a success that sees the Londoners leapfrog their French counterparts in the table and into a Million Pound Game position. Alex Walker bags a try double, to reach 20 for the season, whilst there are further tries from James Cunningham, Kieran Dixon and Ben Hellewell, the latter two stirring length of the field interception efforts.
Game 5 of the qualifiers campaign saw the London Broncos travel to familiar foes, Hull Kingston Rovers, and despite a gutsy display on Yorkshire’s east coast, the Southerners came up short, on the wrong end of an 18-30 score line. The irrepressible Jarrod Sammut reached 20 tries for the season to draw the Londoners level early on, and although Matty Gee and Michael Channing added second half four pointers, these were not enough to secure the spoils for the Broncos who dropped out of the Million Pound Game positions as a consequence. The Broncos returned home to host Salford Red Devils seven days later, the match moved forward 24 hours at the behest of the Rugby Football League (RFL) to accommodate broadcast partner, Sky Sports' scheduling of the final round of fixtures the following week. In one of the most memorable games seen in the Capital in recent times, the Londoners emerged victorious 11-8 after a titanic battle against their Betfred Super League opponents. The heavens had opened mid morning and continued long into the night, but the inclement weather failed to deter captain, Jay Pitts who scored the home side's only try of the afternoon with a close-range effort after 14 minutes. Thereafter, a combination of heroic defence and the ever-reliable kicking boot of Jarrod Sammut, was enough to see Danny Ward’s team secure two crucial points, and leave their promotion aspirations very much alive with one game of the Super League Qualifiers, at home to Halifax, remaining.
Much conjecture during the week’s build up to the final match had centred on whether the Londoners could qualify, and then secure a home fixture in the Million Pound Game. Results in the 48 hours preceding the contest would have a major bearing on the outcome and close challengers, Toulouse Olympique's loss at Salford Red Devils on the Thursday evening greatly improved the chances of Danny Ward’s men making the end of season finale, although Toronto Wolfpack’s stunning 17-16 success over fallen champions, Leeds Rhinos at Headingley a day later, meant the Londoners were almost certain to have to travel. The Broncos had to avoid an unlikely 24 point defeat at Trailfinders Sports Ground on the Saturday evening to ensure qualification, a feat they achieved as a Jarrod Sammut inspired display was enough to see the southern based outfit earn a come from behind victory. The triumph was not without a hiccup though as Richard Marshall’s valiant West Yorkshiremen raced into an early twelve point lead before tries from Jarrod Sammut and Éloi Pélissier prior to the interval, the latter with his first for the club, and second half efforts from Kieran Dixon and Elliot Kear secured a 23-18 win, fifth position in the final table and an away berth in the Million Pound Game. Destination of travel was confirmed 24 hours later, as Hull Kingston Rovers’s 30-0 triumph over already relegated Widnes Vikings ensured their Super League status, leaving the London Broncos searching for their passports ahead of a trip back to the land of the Maple Leaf for the third time in 2018 to play Paul Rowley's Toronto Wolfpack on Canada Thanksgiving Sunday.
October.
The London Broncos returned to the Betfred sponsored Super League after an absence of four years, with a stunning 4-2 victory against the Toronto Wolfpack in the Million Pound Game.
In an enthralling try-less game, the Broncos emerged victorious thanks to a superb collective defensive display by Danny Ward’s men and the boot of Jarrod Sammut. 
The ever reliable Jarrod Sammut kicked a goal in each half to silence an overwhelming majority of a record 9, 266 franchise crowd, and although the hosts' Gareth O’Brien, hero for the Salford Red Devils in the same fixture in 2016, had managed to cancel out the Australian born Maltese International's first half effort, his attempt to level for a second time from distance in the 69th minute of an absorbing contest missed narrowly, and thereafter the Londoners held out in thrilling fashion to celebrate a tense and well deserved win to spark wild on-field celebrations in Canada, and off-field at the Trailfinders Sports Ground where supporters had watched the match live on a big screen in the main bar.
The team that won promotion back to Super League: Alex Walker, Kieran Dixon, Ben Hellewell, Elliot Kear, Rhys Williams, Jay Pitts, Jarrod Sammut, Ben Evans, Éloi Pélissier, Mark Ioane, Matty Gee, Will Lovell, Daniel Hindmarsh. Interchange: Tom Spencer, Eddie Battye, Rob Butler, Matty Davies. Head Coach: Danny Ward, Assistant Jamie Langley. Home-grown fullback Alex Walker, who dislocated three fingers, breaking one of them in the first minute, was named man of the match for an outstanding performance, capped by a stunning last-ditch tackle to deny Toronto Wolfpack's Blake Wallace late on as the Broncos held firm to secure a famous win.
The end of the month saw a raft of players join the club as the London Broncos began their preparations for a return to the Betfred Super League. Matty Fozard, Nathan Mason and Greg Richards joined Éloi Pélissier in signing for Danny Ward’s men, the latter having played an influential part in the Londoners play-off promotion success, whilst James Cunningham and Elliot Kear agreed contracts to remain with the London based outfit.
November.
The month begins with the capture of Jordan Abdull from fellow Super League club, Hull FC, and Gideon Boafo signing his first full time professional contract with club after excelling with the London Broncos Academy.
The eagerly awaited 2019 Betfred Super League fixtures are released on the first Tuesday of the month, with the London Broncos scheduled to host Wakefield Trinity on the opening weekend of the new season.
In further off season transfer activity the London Broncos capture the signature of St. Helens ; Ryan Morgan on a season long loan, while the month ends with goodbye's to Jarrod Sammut, Tom Spencer and Ben Evans who all leave the club after playing pivotal roles in helping the Southerners regain their Betfred Super League status.
London Broncos confirm their first pre-season fixture of 2019, and will travel to Betfred League 1 outfit, Doncaster R.L.F.C. on 20 January.
December.
A quiet end to the year sees the London Broncos capture the signature of Luke Yates from NRL club, Newcastle Knights.
Tale of the Tape.
"Most Points in a Game" 
"Most tries in a Game"
"Highest score in a winning game"
"Lowest score in a winning game"
"Greatest winning margin"
"Greatest number of games won consecutively"
"Highest score in a losing game"
"Lowest score in a losing game"
"Greatest losing margin"
"Greatest number of games lost consecutively"
Awards.
London Broncos Awards Night.
Held at Doubletree by Hilton Hotel, London-Ealing on Tuesday 9 October.

</doc>
<doc id="56589181" url="?curid=56589181" title="Memento Mori (Sculthorpe)">
Memento Mori (Sculthorpe)

Memento Mori (1993) is a composition for orchestra by Peter Sculthorpe. The title refers to the medieval Christian idea of "memento mori", and the piece itself makes frequent references to the plainchant setting of the Latin hymn "Dies irae".
Conception.
Laurie Strachan wrote in The Australian, when reviewing the piece on October 22, 1993, that "[t]he work was inspired by a visit to Easter Island, famous for its great stone heads, monuments that can be seen as both an example of the indomitable nature of the human spirit and as part of its great folly - for their making and transportation deforested and impoverished the island." When composing, "Memento Mori", Sculthorpe focused on the link between 'the personal notion of morality' and the 'extended environmental sense of fragility', using 'Easter Island as a parable for planet Earth and population growth'.
In the original programme notes, the composer described the way he conceived of the work:
Reception.
The work has received mixed reviews. Joseph McLellan, writing in "The Washington Post", stated that:
Laurie Strachan, writing in The Australian, was similarly positive, writing that "Memento Mori" was 'one of [Sculthorpe's] most immediately appealing scores.' Strachan went on further to say that '[t]here are some hauntingly beautiful melodies and striking tonal contrasts. Some play is made of the plainchant "Dies irae" but this is not overdone and the whole thing ends on a note of quiet resolution that's absolutely right.’
Conversely, Andrew Clements, while reviewing a CD of Sculthorpe's work for "The Guardian", said that the "Memento Mori" was "the most conventional and least effective piece on [the] disc".
Instrumentation.
The music is scored for two flutes (flute 2 doubling piccolo), two clarinets, two oboes, two bassoons, four horns, four trumpets, two trombones, bass trombone, tuba, timpani, percussion (two players), and strings.
Form.
"Memento Mori" is in one movement and last for approximately 14 minutes. It is in common time and the tempo is lento. The piece opens with an introduction, which them leads into two statements of the "Dies irae" plainchant, part of the Latin mass for the dead:
Following this, the music oscillates between the pitches of G and A-flat. The composer notes that this is because the astronomer Kepler believed those pitches to be the sound of the planet Earth. Then there a further two statements of the "Dies irae" plainchant, by which the music reaches a solemn climax, followed by more somber music.
Commission and performance.
The work was commissioned by the ABC for performance by West Australian Symphony Orchestra. It was first performed by the West Australian Symphony Orchestra, with Jorge Mester conducting, on July 2, 1993, in the Perth Concert Hall. It has subsequently been performed several times, most recently by the Queensland Conservatorium Symphony Orchestra, with Peter Morris conducting, on March 27, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56589183" url="?curid=56589183" title="Gim Myeongweon">
Gim Myeongweon


</doc>
<doc id="56589190" url="?curid=56589190" title="Rangers L.F.C.">
Rangers L.F.C.


</doc>
<doc id="56589192" url="?curid=56589192" title="62nd Attack Squadron">
62nd Attack Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56589195" url="?curid=56589195" title="Karin Svingstedt">
Karin Svingstedt

Karin Svingstedt (born 13 November 1964) is a Swedish cross-country skier. She competed in two events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56589201" url="?curid=56589201" title="33d Expeditionary Rescue Squadron">
33d Expeditionary Rescue Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56589203" url="?curid=56589203" title="Kerstin Moring">
Kerstin Moring


</doc>
<doc id="56589209" url="?curid=56589209" title="Ministry of Navy (Turkey)">
Ministry of Navy (Turkey)


</doc>
<doc id="56589216" url="?curid=56589216" title="Sanne van Kerkhof">
Sanne van Kerkhof

Sanne van Kerkhof (born 27 March 1987) is a Dutch former short track speed skater.
She who participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Olympics. She was part of the 3000 m relay team which was fourth in 2010; in 2014, the team was disqualified in the semifinal and did not advance to the finals.
In 2015, van Kerkhof retired from competitions. In 2014, she started working with the recruitment company Randstad Holding.
She is a sister of Yara van Kerkhof, also an Olympic short track speed skater and a 2018 Olympics silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="56589218" url="?curid=56589218" title="Emergency (series)">
Emergency (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56589223" url="?curid=56589223" title="Cornelia Sulzer">
Cornelia Sulzer

Cornelia Sulzer (born 4 January 1964) is an Austrian cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56589228" url="?curid=56589228" title="Bohemian track">
Bohemian track

A Bohemian track (, ) or Bohemian way ("Böhmweg") refers to various communication routes over the ridges of the Vogtland, the Ore Mountains, the Elbe Sandstone Mountains and the Lusatian Mountains, which linked the region of the March of Meissen and Upper Lusatia with Bohemia from the late 11th century. In 1118 there is the first indirect reference to the existence of such a link in a document in which there is mention of a customs post in the vicinity of the present-day town of Zwickau.
The first direct reference is in 1143 when a document records a "semita bohemica" that ran from Altenburg via Waldenburg and Zschopau to Bohemia. Another reference appears in 1185. In the description of the border of the territory of Altzella Abbey we read: " ... ab illo per antiquam Boemie semitam ...". This was a route that went from Waldheim via Sayda and the saddle near Deutscheinsiedel to Most (now Brüx). 
Colloquially many of these Bohemian trails were also called salt roads. One example ran from Leipzig past present-day Neuhausen and over the Deutscheinsiedler Saddle towards Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="56589230" url="?curid=56589230" title="Bohemian trail">
Bohemian trail


</doc>
<doc id="56589231" url="?curid=56589231" title="Joker (UK comic strip)">
Joker (UK comic strip)


</doc>
<doc id="56589232" url="?curid=56589232" title="2018 Jammu terror attack">
2018 Jammu terror attack


</doc>
<doc id="56589244" url="?curid=56589244" title="Ministry of the Navy">
Ministry of the Navy

Ministry of the Navy, Navy Ministry, Ministry for Naval Affairs or Naval Ministry can refer to one of the following cabinet departments charged with oversight of a country's naval forces:

</doc>
<doc id="56589252" url="?curid=56589252" title="Marie Svan">
Marie Svan

Marie Svan (née Johansson; born 30 June 1963) is a Swedish cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 5 kilometre classical at the 1988 Winter Olympics. She is married to fellow skier Gunde Svan.
World Cup results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56589253" url="?curid=56589253" title="Ministry of the Navy (Russia)">
Ministry of the Navy (Russia)


</doc>
<doc id="56589256" url="?curid=56589256" title="Joseph &quot;Lucky&quot; Scott">
Joseph &quot;Lucky&quot; Scott

Joseph "Lucky" Scott was an American bassist, and musical director. He is most recognized for his work with Curtis Mayfield, in particular the "Super Fly" album. While Lucky was predominantly the bassist and musical director for Curtis Mayfield, his credits also include The Impressions, Aretha Franklin, Natalie Cole, The Staple Singers, Leroy Hutson, Gladys Knight, and more. He played a Fender Jazz bass with flat wound strings and had an aggressive right-hand plucking technique that was very percussive.
Born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Lucky began performing in the local music scene at a very young age. He was the nephew of The Impressions singer Sam Gooden. In 1968, The Impressions lost their road band in a tragic car accident on Interstate 85. Eager to continue working they assembled a new band that included Lucky. Despite not being able to read music Lucky went on to become the band leader for The Impressions for a number of years during a critical time in their careers. They were starting to perform at such staples as the Fillmore West and Dick Clark's American Bandstand. Not too long after this period in 1970 Curtis Mayfield left the band to pursue a solo career and took Lucky with him.
Lucky went on to work extensively with Curtis Mayfield as his musical director and bassist. Oftentimes when working on new music Curtis and Lucky would sit down and write together which is likely why Curtis' music was so bass driven.
Joseph "Lucky" Scott has recorded at least 15 albums with Curtis Mayfield alone and has many more credits with other artists. "Rolling Stone" listed "Super Fly" as number 72 in the list of 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. In 2003, the bass driven album was also named the 63rd greatest album of all time by VH1. The title track was selected by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as one of the "500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll" making Lucky Scott a behind-the-scenes hero of music.
In August 1996, Joseph "Lucky" Scott died from a blood clot to his lungs. He was 47 years old.
Discography.
With Curtis Mayfield
With others

</doc>
<doc id="56589261" url="?curid=56589261" title="Brooke Mansion (Birdsboro, Pennsylvania)">
Brooke Mansion (Birdsboro, Pennsylvania)

The Edward Brooke II Mansion (1887–88), also known as "Brookeholm," is a Queen Anne country house at 301 Washington Street in Birdsboro, Pennsylvania. Designed by architect Frank Furness and completed in 1888, it was Edward Brooke II's wedding present to his bride, Anne Louise Clingan.
Five years later, Edward II himself designed a major addition to the mansion. Following their parents' deaths, the Brooke children sold the property in the 1940s. The mansion served as a nursing home for thirty years, and recently as a bed and breakfast. 
The property spent fourteen years on and off the real estate market, before being sold at auction on September 29, 2018, for $572,000.
Brooke family.
Birdsboro was named for ironmaker William Bird, who established a forge near the mouth of Hay Creek, about 1740. In 1771, his son Marcus founded Hopewell Furnace, on Hay Creek about five miles upstream. By the time of the Revolutionary War, Marcus Bird was the largest American producer of iron. He cast iron cannon, shot and shell for the Continental Army, and served in the Pennsylvania Militia. In the post-war depression he lost both forges to creditors in 1788. The creditors hired John Louis Barde to operate the forges, and Barde purchased the Birdsboro forge in 1796. He hired Matthew Brooke III to assist him, and after Barde's 1799 death Matthew continued to operate the forges for Barde's widow. In 1800, Matthew's father and uncles formed Brooke &amp; Buckley and bought the Hopewell forge, with Matthew's brother Clement in charge. In 1805, at age 43, Matthew married Barde's 17-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Matthew and Elizabeth Brooke had five children: Anne Farmar (died young); Sarah Reese (died young); Edward (1816–1878); George (1818–1912); and Elizabeth Mary (1825–1870). Matthew died in 1827 and Elizabeth in 1828, leaving their three orphaned children under the guardianship of Matthew's brother Clement. The Birdsboro forge was leased out to Brooke &amp; Buckley until Edward and George attained their majorities. The Schuylkill Canal (completed 1825) passed through Birdsboro and, prior to railroads, was the primary means of transporting anthracite coal to Philadelphia and elsewhere. The young brothers took charge of the business in 1837, and diversified its holdings. They modernized the furnaces to run on anthracite (instead of charcoal), expanded their businesses, and consolidated them in 1867 as the Birdsboro Iron Forge Company. The Reading Railroad and the Pennsylvania Railroad both built lines through Birdsboro. The Brookes were behind the building of the Wilmington &amp; Northern Railroad, that connected to their iron ore mines in southern Berks County. This later became a subsidiary of the Reading Company, which extended it south to Wilmington, Delaware. Edward served as the W &amp; N's first president. Following Elizabeth Mary Brooke's 1870 death, the brothers bought out the interests of their late sister, and split their company into two entities – the E. &amp; G. Brooke Land Company (coal and iron ore mines) and the E. &amp; G. Brooke Iron Company (iron and steel manufacture). The E. &amp; G. Brooke Iron Company became Birdsboro Steel in 1905.
Both Brooke brothers were keenly interested in architecture, and were clients of Frank Furness. Edward built a Greek Revival mansion, "Brooke Manor" (1844, demolished 1968) on a hill overlooking the town. In the mid-1870s, he hired Furness to modernize and expand it. George designed and oversaw construction of St. Michael's Episcopal Church, in the early 1850s. Twenty years later, he did the same for its Sunday school building (1872–73), which he and his brother donated. George designed his own Second Empire mansion, "Brookewood" (1860, burned 1917), and its many additions. After Edward's 1878 death, George selected Furness to design a major expansion of St. Michael's Church, 1884–85. This included the addition of transepts, a chancel and choir, a bell tower, and new church furniture (possibly executed by Daniel Pabst). George again oversaw the project, and he and his family paid for the expansion. The east transept was altered in 1887 for the installation of a Tiffany window, a memorial to Edward from his widow, Annie Moore Clymer Brooke.
Edward Brooke II.
George Brooke married Mary Baldwin Irwin in 1862. They had two sons, Edward II (1863–1940), named for George's brother; and George Jr. (1867–1953). The boys grew up in Philadelphia and Birdsboro, and were educated by private tutors. The family had a Philadelphia city house at 924 Walnut Street, and the sons attended the nearby Delancey School. Edward II graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1886, and joined his father's iron and steel business.
In an October 12, 1887 wedding at St. Michael's Church, Edward II married his second cousin, Anne Louise Clingan. The groom gave the bride the not-quite-finished house as a wedding present:He is now engaged in building a magnificent mansion at a high elevation overlooking Birdsboro and the entire Schuylkill valley. He and his bride left on an extensive wedding tour to New York and the New England states. Upon their return they will reside with his father until their residence is completed, which will be some time in November.
Edward and Anne Louise Brooke had four children:
Edward II succeeded his father as president of the E. &amp; G. Brooke Iron Company and the Birdsboro Steel Foundry and Machine Company. He served as president of the Pennsylvania Trust Company of Reading and the First National Bank of Birdsboro, and as a director of the Wilmington &amp; Northern Railroad.
Furness.
About the time of Edward Brooke II's 1886 graduation, the University of Pennsylvania was contemplating building a fireproof library in which it could gather its collections in a single building. Frank Furness's brother Horace was chosen to head the building committee, and the architect began drawing up detailed plans even before the project was officially announced. The committee hired Furness to advise them, and later chose him to be the library's architect.
Furness's earliest known drawing (1887) shows a plan and a massing of volumes close to the library as built—a stair tower separating vertical circulation from the reading room and stacks; a building featuring an apsidal north end with an arc of seminar rooms clustered around the base of the apse (like side chapels of a basilica). When the university changed the library's proposed site from 36th &amp; Spruce Streets to 34th &amp; Locust Streets, Furness essentially redrew the plan as a mirror image. 
Furness used a similar plan and massing for his own country house, "Idlewild," with a U-shaped wrap-around porch taking the place of the arc of seminar rooms. As noted by architectural historian James F. O'Gorman: "For his own house in Media, [Furness] shrank the plan of the contemporary University Library, and erected over it a stone, brick, and shingle house."
Furness used a similar plan and massing for the eastern half of Edward Brooke II's house, although the addition of a conical roof turned its apse into a tower.
Exterior.
Furness designed the front (north) façade of Brooke's house with two projecting bays—an eastern semicircular apse/tower with a J-shaped wrap-around porch, and a western two-and-a-half-story gabled bay. The exterior's whole first story was faced in brownstone block, and its upper stories were clad in wood shingles. The porch's roof was carried on pyramidical brownstone-block piers with "eared" corbels. The formal entrance was between the projecting bays (from the porch) through a pair of doors with intricately-patterned inset leaded-glass windows, sidelights and a semi-oval fanlight. The carriage entrance was on the porch's east side, and featured a porte-cochère and steps leading to a side door with an inset beveled-glass window guarded by an intricate wrought iron grille. Toward the south end, twin sets of French doors opened onto the porch.
The house's eastern half featured a shingled Mansard roof with shed-roofed dormers on three sides, two of them enclosing four windows each. The tower featured twin paired windows on the second and third stories, the upper ones enclosed by conical-roofed dormers. The tower's conical roof and the conical-roofed dormers were crowned by (copper?) finials (now weathered to verdigris). Between the projecting bays, the second story was clad in brownstone block, with a large lunette window over the front doors. The house's original western (now center) projecting bay featured large twin windows on the first story, and paired windows on the second and third stories. Its shingled front and sides curved outward in a skirt, and were carried on paired brownstone corbels. As a decorative element, the shingles under its gable were cut to form concentric arcs. The house featured Furness's characteristic "upside-down" brick chimneys, that flared outward near the top.
Through massing, architectural elements and variated windows, Furness expressed the house's interior spaces on its exterior.
Interior.
The house's plan was logical and efficient, with all of the first floor formal rooms opening onto a large L-shaped hall. A round library (the base of the apse) was tucked into the angle of the "L." It featured two large sash windows with curved windowseats, a recessed chimneypiece carved with flowers, and two curving built-in bookcases. Opposite the library entrance was the hall's canted, floor-to-ceiling sandstone-and-oak chimneypiece. To the south was a long billiard room, with a carved-oak chimneypiece and twin French doors opening onto the porch. To the west (in the front) was the parlor, with a gray granite arched fireplace and Colonial Revival butternut overmantel. To the west (in the rear), was the baronial dining room, with an iron shingle-roofed Modern Gothic mantel, reportedly cast at the family's foundry. The hall, billiard room, and dining room were paneled in coffered oak wainscoting, and their ceilings were circumscribed by oak beams, each in a different pattern. The beams of the round library's ceiling formed a compass rose. The grand stairway climbed along the hall's south wall, turned left to form a gallery over the carriage entrance, and turned again along the north wall before reaching the second floor. The hall was lighted by a row of four tall windows above the gallery, that also lighted the upper hall.
The second floor followed a similar plan as the first, with four large bedrooms opening onto an extended upper hall. A dressing room between each pair of bedrooms allowed for discrete access by servants. The third floor featured a central lobby, illuminated by a large frosted-glass skylight and surrounded by seven rooms. These included a round nursery (in the tower), a long southeast bedroom (with dressing room), servant rooms, and storage. One of the house's ingenious features was the windowless back staircase, that climbed from the basement kitchen to the third floor. Light from the skylight in the roof was able to reach the basement level. The back staircase "permit[ted] servants access to various sections of the house without having to pass through formal rooms."
Mrs. Brooke loved flowers, and the house was decorated with examples in wood, stone, glass and iron. The leaded glass panels of the front doors, sidelights and fanlight were crowded with stylized plant forms. The screen between the vestibule and hall featured seven wrought iron window grilles in the form of abstracted sunflowers. The hall chimneypiece featured an arched panel of carved-sandstone flowers above the firebox, oak corbels carved with oversized dahlias supporting the mantel shelf, and an oak frieze of abstracted flowers crowning the whole. The newel post was carved with a plump oak floral garland, which was echoed in miniature elsewhere in the hall. The billiard room chimneypiece featured a frieze of hibiscus carved in sandstone flanked by oversized garlands carved in oak. Carved vines intertwined though the rough-cut granite of the parlor fireplace, and flowers and garlands accented the butternut overmantel above it. The Japanese-inspired decoration of the library chimneypiece featured sunflower corbels supporting the mantel shelf, a vividly-carved frieze of camellias below the mirror, and wispy clusters of vines dangling from above. The parlor's windowseat featured twin leaded-glass windows, each embellished with a stained-glass floral garland and Mrs. Brooke's first initial, "A."
1893 addition.
Edward Brooke II expanded the house by about 40% to its current size in 1893. The contractor was Levi H. Focht, who had constructed the house five years earlier, and had constructed Furness's additions to St. Michael's Church nine years earlier. Acting as his own architect, Edward II added a third projecting bay to the front façade, turning the original western bay into a center bay and connecting all three bays with a wide terrace. The addition brought the kitchen out of the basement, and added a second set of back stairs and a rope-pulled elevator, operated using counterweights (like a dumbwaiter). "[T]he western section was constructed for food preparation, general storage, servant's quarters, and the like."
The expansion had minor effects on the first floor formal rooms—the parlor's box window became a short hallway to the new addition; the old butler's pantry became a study (off the billiard room); and two of the dining room's doorways (and perhaps the double window) were moved. It had a larger effect on the second floor—three of the four bedrooms were cut down in size: two to install bathrooms, and the third for a hallway to the new addition. On the exterior, the alterations required the moving of existing windows and the installation of new windows for the bathrooms. Through the expansion Edward II's large house became a mansion of nearly 14,000 square feet.
The 1890 Census listed five live-in servants in the household, but the number increased following the 1893 expansion. The mansion was illuminated by gaslight until the installation of electricity in 1896. Telephone service arrived in 1904.
Carriage house.
Edward II's passion was horses, both racehorses and carriage horses. He kept a stable of twelve, and exercised them on a racetrack at the top of the hill. He was a founding member of the Philadelphia Four-in-Hand Club, organized by Fairman Rogers in 1890, and competed in the annual 3-day carriage marathon from New York City to Philadelphia. In 1898, Edward II designed and built an enormous 2-story carriage house (with elevator) southwest of the mansion. His collection grew to twenty-four carriages, and included "buggies, surreys, broughams, a pony cart and an Irish jaunting cart in which a person had to sit sideways." "After a particular vehicle had been used, it was brought into the carriage house, thoroughly cleaned and then taken to the second floor on a hand-operated lift to be readied for the next ride." Most of the carriages were sold to the National Park Service in 1941. The carriage house burned in the 1970s.
The short hallway between the mansion's hall and dining room featured a special closet for Edward II's top hat, whip and tack. Coaching paintings and prints and equestrian bronzes decorated many of the rooms.
20th century.
George Brooke's mansion, "Brookewood," and his son Edward II's mansion, "Brookeholm," stood side by side on the hill sharing a 34-acre estate. George Brooke died at 93, on January 15, 1912, two years after his wife. He bequeathed his half-share in all the Birdsboro companies to his two sons, and "Brookewood" to George Jr. Following George Jr.'s 1914 marriage to "Titanic" survivor Lucile Carter, the newlyweds and Carter's two children from her previous marriage split their time between his family's Philadelphia city house, her house in Bryn Mawr, and "Brookewood." George and Lucile Brooke had one child together, the flamboyant Elizabeth Muhlenberg Brooke (1916–2016). The family was in Birdsboro for Christmas, 1917, when "Brookewood" burned, "the result of Christmas tree candles igniting nearby curtains." "Firemen were unable to save the house because it was so cold that the source of water supply was frozen." The couple bought "Clingan," just west of Birdsboro, that had been the home of sister-in-law Anne Louise Clingan Brooke's family. Lucile Carter Brooke died of a heart attack, October 26, 1934. George Jr. survived her by 19 years, living in a suite at Philadelphia's Barclay Hotel on Rittenhouse Square, or at "Clingan."
Following his parents' deaths, Edward II inherited Joseph Wright's 1790 "Portrait of Frederick Augustus Conrad Muhlenberg", the first Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, and a great-great-grandfather on his mother's side. Edward II made the portrait the centerpiece of his mansion's parlor. George Jr. inherited the pendant portrait of the Speaker's wife, Catharine Schaeffer Muhlenberg. The Frederick Muhlenberg portrait is now in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery.
Anne Louise Clingan Brooke died of pneumonia, September 5, 1935. A month earlier, she had sold 3,780 acres of land (5.9 square miles) – inherited from her maternal grandfather, Clement Brooke – to the federal government. This became Hopewell Furnace National Historic Site and part of Hopewell Big Woods. In her will, she bequeathed "Brookeholm" to her husband—it had been his wedding present to her 48 years earlier. Her obituary listed sons George III and Charles living at home, and Edward Jr. (now married) living in a house on the estate.
Edward Brooke II survived his wife by five years, dying at 77, on November 20, 1940. He slipped and fell into a half-filled bathtub of scalding water, and died of burns at Reading Hospital. His viewing was held at the mansion: "Last evening hundreds of friends and former associates in various organizations filed through the drawing room of the Brooke residence to pay their last respects." His obituary listed sons George III, Edward Jr. (now divorced) and Charles living at home. George III served as executor for his father's estate, which took several years to settle. In 1942, at age 54, George III married widow Virginia Muhlenberg (1897–1999), an artist and interior designer, and a distant cousin. She and her two daughters moved into the mansion with him (and his two brothers and seven servants). George and Virginia Muhlenberg Brooke settled in Wyomissing, a wealthy suburb of Reading, several miles upriver from Birdsboro. He served as a delegate to the 1944 Republican National Convention, and remained active in Berks County politics until his death in 1967. His brothers retired to Daytona Beach, Florida.
The mansion and its contents were sold at auction in 1944. The property was purchased by a group of four partners, including E. Raymond Mohr, a local funeral director, and rented out for special events.
Nursing home.
Registered nurse Elizabeth J. Spanier purchased the mansion in 1948, and converted it into the Spanier Convalescent Home. Aided by her sister-in-law, also an RN, Spanier operated the facility for thirty years. Conversion into a nursing home did not affect the first floor formal rooms, but interior alterations were made to the second and third floors. Spanier put the mansion on the market in 1978 for $500,000.
The mansion was purchased by a group of five partners, who planned a housing development for the property. They subdivided the 34 acre former estate, leaving the mansion on a 3 acre lot, and obtained a variance rezoning the mansion as a commercial property.
The former Brooke Mansion in Birdsboro, believed to be one of the largest residences ever constructed in Berks County, will become the center of the Mansion Heights development being marketed by Park Road Realtors. The owner/developers of the project are Pat Kraras, Mauro Cammarano, Gus Kraras, Chris Kraras, and Daniel Casciano IV. The former Brooke Mansion, will be offered for sale to be restored for either commercial or professional purposes. The mansion contains 33 rooms, 19 bedrooms, eight baths, and 10 fireplaces. The community plan for the development calls for 84 wooded, quarter-acre residential lots surrounding the mansion. The estate is the last prime residential ground available for development in Birdsboro, developers said.
Bed &amp; breakfast.
The mansion remained unoccupied for more than a decade, as the housing development was built around it. Carmelo Leggio, owner of a pair of local pizza restaurants, purchased it in 1989 for $450,000. He made significant repairs to the interior and exterior, and added a new roof. He planned to open a gourmet restaurant on the mansion's first floor, decorated with his collection of Victorian antiques, and to operate a bed and breakfast using the bedrooms of the upper floors. The gourmet restaurant plans fell apart when his efforts to obtain a liquor license were blocked by strong neighborhood opposition. Leggio went ahead with the bed and breakfast, which opened in Spring 1992. In May and June 1993, a local Tae Kwon Do instructor, Dan Glutz, rented a portion of the 4th made and was arrested for having sex with an under-aged teenage girl. The ensuing legal trouble and negative publicity caused Leggio to abandon his plans for the mansion, coupled with the a failed investment where he was scammed out of thousands of dollars. Vacant, it suffered vandalism and fell into foreclosure.
Peter and Marci Xenias bought the mansion in 1994 for $325,000. They reopened it as a bed and breakfast, which they operated for close to a decade. The property was for sale in May 2018 for $1,640,000.
Open house and auction.
On May 20, 2018, the Xenias family lent their mansion for a one-day open house. The Women's Club of Birdsboro conducted guided tours as a fund-raiser for local community organizations and scholarships. Some 857 people waited in line and paid $10 each to tour the mansion. 
Horst Auctioneers conducted an on-site sale of the property on September 29, 2018. A couple from Toronto, Canada, Vineet and Twisha Talpade, purchased it for $572,000, and announced that they intend to restore the mansion to its former glory.

</doc>
<doc id="56589265" url="?curid=56589265" title="Old Bohemian Track">
Old Bohemian Track


</doc>
<doc id="56589266" url="?curid=56589266" title="RecargaPay">
RecargaPay

RecargaPay is a Brazilian fintech focused on essential services. Through an app, it provides an ecosystem of payments for customers. Founded in 2010 by Rodrigo Teijeiro (CEO), Alvaro Teijeiro (CTO), and Gustavo Victorica (COO), the company has over 300 employees based mainly in São Paulo, Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Miami, USA. Available in Brazil, RecargaPay's app attends to the needs of banked and unbanked people, simplifying basic everyday transactions, such as bill payments and "boletos", cell phone and transportation cards recharges, gift cards, buying cooking gas, among many others.
Since its inception, it has already registered a total of more than 30 million downloads in app stores and its solutions are among the top-ranked financial service apps in Google Play and the App Store. In the last round of investment funding, it closed a deal of Series C injection of more than $70 million.
History.
In Latin America, a large part of the population had prepaid cell phones until February 2020 and, because of that, most people became used to standing in line for hours to pay for a digital product. Created with the goal of selling prepaid cell phone recharges digitally, the company was founded in 2010 by the brothers Rodrigo and Álvaro Teijeiro, current CEO and CTO, respectively, and Gustavo Victorica, current COO.
Recarga.com operated in Latin America and in the United States under the ownership of Fnbox, a technology company organized as a holding company that used to manage several online services. By August 2012, the company had processed transactions in six countries for 110,000 customers across more than twenty mobile carriers.
In 2013, Fnbox began a process of dismemberment to focus exclusively on the mobile recharge business. Consequently, Recarga.com became RecargaPay, and diversified its product offering. According to Rodrigo Teijeiro, the company is "a complete ecosystem of mobile financial services." In an interview with InfoMoney in mid-2021, the company's founder stated: "We want users to solve their essential payments, those kinds that are made every month, from the couch. We are empowering consumers and small businesses through democratization and scalability of financial services."
In February 2018, it was reported that RecargaPay had raised $63 million in venture capital from a group of investors led by member companies of World Bank Group (WBG) plus TheVentureCity, DN Capital, Fabrice Grinda, Martin Varsavsky, and many more investors who used the Angellist medium as a form of support.
Since its founding, several services and products have been added to RecargaPay, making up what is now considered the largest mobile payments and digital financial services ecosystem in Brazil. In September 2018, after growing only by its offer of digital services, RecargaPay launched its first physical product: a prepaid card.
On April 20, 2020, Rodrigo Teijeiro announced the marketing director Renato Camargo as the National Manager of RecargaPay in Brazil. The company is creating a mobile money ecosystem where they interact with and without a bank, providing consumers and businesses a one-stop-shop for all their financial needs.
Services.
The RecargaPay app can be downloaded for free at Play Store and App Store. Through the app, users can recharge cell phones, transportation cards, and prepaid TV, pay bills and "boletos", buy gift cards, Tele Sena and cooking gas, request loans and installment payments, send money, among other services. Users can choose to pay by credit card, debit card, redeem Livelo points, PIX, or with the money from the RecargaPay wallet, which does not require a bank account and can be charged by "boleto", deposit or bank transfer. There are no extra charges for payments up to five hundred reais in the free plan or up to two thousand reais a month in the Prime+ plan.
RecargaPay's services can also be resold, a practice adopted by several merchants who use cell phone recharge and bill payment as a way to attract customers to their establishments and earn discounts on the services offered by the fintech.
It allows recharging cell phones from several carriers, including Claro, TIM, Vivo, Oi, Correios, Sercomtel, Algar, and Surf Telecom. It is also possible to schedule cell phone recharges with the Automatic Recharge function or even do an Offline Recharge if the person is out of credits.
Transportation cards from various cities can be loaded. They are: Bilhete Único (São Paulo, São José dos Campos and São Luís), SOU (Diadema), NOSSO (Ribeirão Preto), PraTi (Pelotas), VEM (Recife), Com Você (Sorocaba), Cartão Rápido (Taubaté), Bem Legal (Maceió), Cartão URBS (Curitiba), Cartão GV (Vitória), Peg Fácil (Campo Grande), Cartão Integração (Salvador), SETAP (Macapá), Cartão Legal (São Bernardo do Campo), CriciúmaCard (Criciúma) and Cartão TRI (Porto Alegre). The service is free and offers cashback on the first recharge of up to twenty reais, as well as the option to program an Automatic Recharge.
Consumer bills such as water, electricity, internet, telephone and gas bills, government taxes, and boletos can be paid via RecargaPay.
Android users can buy credits for Google Play, Uber prepaid, Uber Eats, Spotify, Free Fire, PlayStation, Steam, Xbox, Xbox Live, League of Legends, Blizzard, Level Up, McDonald's, iFood, and Netshoes. iOS users can buy credits for prepaid Uber, Uber Eats, McDonald's, and iFood. Also available for Android and iOS are the digital Tele Sena, Prepaid TV, and Gas Voucher.
It can be used when the credit card payment presents some error and the user has no available money in the wallet. The system suggests completing the purchase through the Post-paid service, which adds a fee and it must be paid within the period informed by the app.
Users can transfer money from one RecargaPay account to another RecargaPay account just with the recipient's mobile number, or via PIX, with no paperwork and no fees.
Prime+ is an exclusive subscription that offers benefits to customers for 19,99 reais per month, such as special discounts and cashback in many services. Prime+ also gives one percent of cashback in any purchase paid by the physical prepaid card, despite the possibility to pay bills up to two thousand reais without extras fees.
Accolades.
In 2016, RecargaPay was nominated in two categories of the Latam Founders Awards: Most Innovative Company and Best B2C Company, losing in both nominations for Pipefy and Nubank, respectively. At the ReclameAqui Awards, RecargaPay received honors for four consecutive years: it achieved third place for Online Payments two times, the second place for Financial Solutions and the fifth place for Digital Payment Method.

</doc>
<doc id="56589268" url="?curid=56589268" title="Bohemian Track">
Bohemian Track


</doc>
<doc id="56589269" url="?curid=56589269" title="Free weev">
Free weev


</doc>
<doc id="56589284" url="?curid=56589284" title="CSES">
CSES


</doc>
<doc id="56589285" url="?curid=56589285" title="Collingwood Team of the Century">
Collingwood Team of the Century


</doc>
<doc id="56589286" url="?curid=56589286" title="China Seismo-Electromagnetic Satellite">
China Seismo-Electromagnetic Satellite


</doc>
<doc id="56589290" url="?curid=56589290" title="Al Hudaydah Governorate Offensive">
Al Hudaydah Governorate Offensive


</doc>
<doc id="56589302" url="?curid=56589302" title="Naval boat">
Naval boat


</doc>
<doc id="56589303" url="?curid=56589303" title="Military boat">
Military boat


</doc>
<doc id="56589308" url="?curid=56589308" title="Erlbach (Rott)">
Erlbach (Rott)

Erlbach is a river of Bavaria, Germany.
The Erlbach springs south of Großkarolinenfeld. and discharges near the center of Großkarolinenfeld from the right into the Rott.

</doc>
<doc id="56589316" url="?curid=56589316" title="2018 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom">
2018 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom

The Men's Slalom World Cup 2017/2018 involved 12 events: 10 slalom and 2 "city events" (Oslo and Stockholm). The last race, however, was cancelled due to high winds.
Standings.
Updated at end of season.

</doc>
<doc id="56589319" url="?curid=56589319" title="Marianne Irniger">
Marianne Irniger

Marianne Irniger (born 26 October 1966) is a Swiss cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56589327" url="?curid=56589327" title="Road 77">
Road 77


</doc>
<doc id="56589328" url="?curid=56589328" title="Margot Kober">
Margot Kober

Margot Kober (born 20 February 1965) is an Austrian cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56589332" url="?curid=56589332" title="Arun Kumari Kori">
Arun Kumari Kori


</doc>
<doc id="56589335" url="?curid=56589335" title="Georg Mancelius">
Georg Mancelius

Georg Mancelius (, born 24 June / 4 July 1593 in Grenzhof (now Mežmuiža in Augstkalne Parish), Courland; died 17 March 1654 in Mitau) was a Baltic German Lutheran theologian in what is now Latvia. He wrote the first dictionary of the Latvian language. From 1635 to 1636 he was Vice Rector of the University of Tartu and from 1636 Rector.

</doc>
<doc id="56589338" url="?curid=56589338" title="Susann Kuhfittig">
Susann Kuhfittig

Susann Kuhfittig (born 1 September 1965) is a German cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56589344" url="?curid=56589344" title="Sebastian Foss-Solevaag">
Sebastian Foss-Solevaag


</doc>
<doc id="56589357" url="?curid=56589357" title="Stefanie Birkelbach">
Stefanie Birkelbach

Stefanie Birkelbach (born 2 May 1967) is a German cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56589363" url="?curid=56589363" title="Buettneria maculiceps">
Buettneria maculiceps

Buettneria is a monotypic genus of bush cricket or katydid, in the tribe Phaneropterini, found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Cameroon; the single species is Buettneria maculiceps.

</doc>
<doc id="56589366" url="?curid=56589366" title="Heythorpe">
Heythorpe


</doc>
<doc id="56589367" url="?curid=56589367" title="Lampix">
Lampix

Lampix is technology startup company that specializes in Augmented Reality displays. They currently produce desktop lamps that project interactive displays onto desktops. The resulting display is similar to a touchscreen.
Lampix is headquartered in New York and also has an office in San Francisco.
History.
The co-founders are CEO, George Popescu and CTO, Mihai Dumitrescu who after meeting at TEDxBucharest in 2015 joined to create Lampix.
In March 2017, Lampix presented at the South by Southwest (SXSW) Accelerator Pitch Event.
In August 2017 founder George Popescu was banned from operating as a company director in the UK for 12 years, due to his tenure as CEO of Boston Prime.
In March 2017, the company was conferred the best augmented reality and virtual reality company at SXSW festival.
The company launched a fund raising campaign on Kickstarter to raise funds for further development of Tabletop AR system and by 2018, it collected $20,226 from 63 backers.
Hardware.
The hardware for the Lampix platform is a desktop lamp. Using a core of a computer board, projector and cameras, the Lampix device can project an interactive screen onto a desktop surface that users can interact with using one's hands.
A WIFI connection enables connection to other computers and smartphones.

</doc>
<doc id="56589370" url="?curid=56589370" title="Buettneria (katydid)">
Buettneria (katydid)


</doc>
<doc id="56589372" url="?curid=56589372" title="The Girl He Didn't Buy">
The Girl He Didn't Buy

The Girl He Didn't Buy is a 1928 American silent comedy drama film directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald and starring Pauline Garon, Allan Simpson and Rosemary Cooper. It is also known by the alternative title of A Broadway Bride.
Synopsis.
An aspiring Broadway performer gets engaged to her show's financial backer, but is really in love with another man.

</doc>
<doc id="56589374" url="?curid=56589374" title="Buettneria (insect)">
Buettneria (insect)


</doc>
<doc id="56589376" url="?curid=56589376" title="Birgit Kohlrusch">
Birgit Kohlrusch

Birgit Kohlrusch (born 21 December 1965) is a German cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56589377" url="?curid=56589377" title="A Broadway Bride">
A Broadway Bride


</doc>
<doc id="56589385" url="?curid=56589385" title="Comparing Darwinian and Lamarckian modalities">
Comparing Darwinian and Lamarckian modalities


</doc>
<doc id="56589386" url="?curid=56589386" title="Echelons of Fire">
Echelons of Fire

Echelons of Fire is an out-of-print collectible card game by Medallion Simulations. It was released in May 1995 alongside Echelons of Fury. The "First Edition" set had at least 70 cards though some sources claim 69 cards. It had one other expansion, released in October 1995, called "Second Edition" and it contained at least 95 cards. The Second Edition introduced British and Serbian forces. Both the First and Second editions had incomplete card lists supplied by the manufacturer.
The game was based on the Cold War between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R.. The game was considered "hellishly complex" and its rules were compared to miniature wargaming.
Players used aircraft, anti-aircraft guns, amphibious vehicles, tanks, mine-fields, engineers, and about a dozen other special cards and abilities. Players first have to build a battlefield: Each starter comes with five Terrain cards, each with a modifier regarding specific types of Combatants. (Tanks don't do well in towns, but soldiers do.) Each turn, players draw a card, play a Supply card (either ammo or fuel), and brings troops, vehicles and Support cards (guns, gear) into play face down. Supply points limit the amount of equipment you can have in play. When you're feeling tough, you can flip some guys over and send them marching through a specific Terrain using a Maneuver card. The game was compared to in terms of gameplay, but, with all of the other special cards and abilities.
Allen Varney reviewed the game as a "worse clone" of "".

</doc>
<doc id="56589393" url="?curid=56589393" title="Los Altos (Jalisco)">
Los Altos (Jalisco)


</doc>
<doc id="56589396" url="?curid=56589396" title="Delhi War Cemetery">
Delhi War Cemetery

The Delhi War Cemetery, in the Delhi Cantonment, Delhi, India, is the site of the graves of 1,154 service personnel who served the British Empire during the First and Second World Wars. The cemetery was established in 1951 to ensure the permanent preservation of the remains of soldiers across various cemeteries in northern India.
At the entrance to the cemetery is the Delhi 1939–1945 War Memorial honouring the efforts of Indian forces during both world wars. The Delhi 1914-18 Memorial, commemorating 153 individuals buried in the Meerut Cantonment, where graves could no longer be cared for, is also on the site. The cemetery was commissioned by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and is now jointly maintained with the Government of India and its Ministry of Defence.
Cemetery.
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission records 1,154 burials in the Delhi War Cemetery. The graves contain the remains of citizens of the United Kingdom, India, Netherlands, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Poland from World War I and World War II. 821 graves contain individuals from the army and 296 from the air force. The rest contain personnel from the navy and merchant navy as well as a nurse and a civilian. Some of the war graves belong to those from regiments such as: the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry, the 3rdQueen Alexandra's Own Gurkha Rifles, the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers, the Royal Engineers, the Gloucestershire Regiment, the Royal Artillery and the Burma Rifles.
There are also special memorials for thirty-two service personnel whose remains could not be traced, including Maureen Grundy, a leading aircraftwoman in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force. Her Grave Registration Report by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission shows that while her ashes were deposited at St Martin's Church, Delhi, they could not be found later by Church authorities. Accordingly a special memorial in the form of a gravestone with her full service particulars was erected in commemoration. The youngest burials are four service personnel aged eighteen, while the oldest burial is Major Reginald Hamilton Richmond of the 5thRoyal Gurkha Rifles (Frontier Force).
Three major generals are also buried at the memorial, Charles Sumner Lund Hertzberg of the Canadian Army, George Grant Tabuteau of the Royal Army Medical Corps and Thomas George Gordon Heywood. Hertzberg was commander of the Royal Canadian Engineering Corps as chief engineer and died at age fifty-seven after contracting smallpox on a special assignment in India, while Heywood died when the Royal Air Force transport plane he was in crashed at Allahabad in 1943. Tabuteau died while commandeering the position of the director of medical services at General Headquarters India.
A Stone of Remembrance, engraved with the words 'their name liveth for evermore' is also present at the cemetery, as well as a Cross of Sacrifice. The Stone of Remembrance, designed by British architect Edwin Lutyens, and the Cross of Sacrifice, designed by Reginald Blomfield, are two standard architectural features of Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries and memorials. The cemetery covers approximately and was designed by H. J. Brown, an associate member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
On the second Saturday of November, Remembrance Day, the British High Commission and others visit the memorial and place wreaths in memory of the dead. On 11 November 2018, Tom Tugendhat, a British member of parliament, paid his respects at the Delhi War Cemetery where he laid wreaths of poppies made from red Khadi which The Royal British Legion chose in 2018 to acknowledge India's role in the war.
Delhi 1939–1945 War Memorial.
The Delhi 1939–1945 War Memorial forms the front entrance to the Delhi War Cemetery. It is identical to the memorial at the Karachi War Cemetery. There are no names engraved on the memorial, but a Roll of Honour in Hindi and Urdu can be found at the site which has names of the 25,000 service personnel of the forces of undivided India who died during World War II. Since the last rites and disposal or keep of remains varies by religion and country, the memorial is a commemoration for those who are not buried.

</doc>
<doc id="56589404" url="?curid=56589404" title="Philly special">
Philly special


</doc>
<doc id="56589405" url="?curid=56589405" title="P. Govardhan Reddy">
P. Govardhan Reddy


</doc>
<doc id="56589414" url="?curid=56589414" title="Adanson's slit shell">
Adanson's slit shell


</doc>
<doc id="56589417" url="?curid=56589417" title="Johannes Hoepfl">
Johannes Hoepfl


</doc>
<doc id="56589423" url="?curid=56589423" title="Smart Mattress">
Smart Mattress


</doc>
<doc id="56589424" url="?curid=56589424" title="Tarin tribe">
Tarin tribe


</doc>
<doc id="56589425" url="?curid=56589425" title="Büttneria maculiceps">
Büttneria maculiceps


</doc>
<doc id="56589428" url="?curid=56589428" title="Sultan Syarif Kasim State Islamic University">
Sultan Syarif Kasim State Islamic University


</doc>
<doc id="56589429" url="?curid=56589429" title="Stenacropteryx eburneigutta">
Stenacropteryx eburneigutta


</doc>
<doc id="56589431" url="?curid=56589431" title="Komaali Kings">
Komaali Kings

Komaali Kings () is a 2018 Sri Lankan Tamil language black comedy thriller film written and directed by King Ratnam in his directorial debut and co-produced by Ganesh Deivanayagam, Bawadharani Rajasingham and R. Selvaskandan for Picture This Motions. The film, starring Raja Ganeshan, Kamala Sri Mohan, Darshan Dharmaraj, Gajan Kanesshan, Niranjani Shanmugaraja, Sathiyapriya Ratnasaamy along with King Ratnam in the lead roles, opened to positive reviews among the audience after the first day. The film also received praise from the critics for its satire and comedy storyline.
Komaali Kings is considered one of the rarest and most important mass-budgeted films in Sri Lankan Tamil cinema in nearly about 40 years since the release of super hit Komaligal in 1976. Komaali Kings was one of the most awaited films in Sri Lankan cinema after its production was started back in 2016 with only 26 days of shooting procedure but there were delays due to unavoidable factors, and was finally released nationwide on 23 February 2018 after 2 years of delays. The film has both Sinhala and English subtitles.
Recently this film won Best Tamil film of the year award from Derana Film Awards 2019.
Production.
A team announced the filming process about a Tamil movie to be produced in Sri Lanka titled as "Komaali Kings" earlier in the year 2016, on 23 January. The team stated that Komaali Kings was an attempt to rekindle and re-establish nostalgic memories of the hay days of Sri Lankan Tamil Cinema mainly as the Sri Lankan Tamil cinema was demolished due to the Sri Lankan civil war which prevailed in Sri Lanka for 30 years. Initially, the director of the film wanted to prepare a script on a crime thriller film with the title, "Nuni" before changing his mindset to arrange script for a black comedy film. The trailer of the film was released in 2016 and the first look poster of the film was released by popular Indian director, K. S. Ravikumar. Veteran Sri Lankan radio announcer and the actor who starred in the film "Komaligal," B. H. Abdul Hameed served as the honourable patron of this landmark film.
The film had shot in Tamil resident areas of Sri Lanka such as Jaffna, Batticaloa, Malayagam, and Colombo as the film includes the usage of 6 different slangs of Tamil language which exists in the nation. The movie also comprises the mixture of Tamil, Sinhala, Muslim and Christianity cultures to indicate the unity between races in the nation.
Plot.
The film is inspired from the Sri Lankan box office hit 1976 Tamil film Komaligal. The theme of the movie is Simple, but a master plan.
"Komaali Kings" revolves around Siva Sithambaram (Raja Ganesan), an average next-door neighbour whose mundane life takes a hilarious turn when a distant relative Pat (King Ratnam) and his family from London decide to stay with him for the duration of their trip to attend a family wedding.
Cast.
The cast includes the Tamil language speaking Sinhala film lead actor, Darshan Dharmaraj and lead actress, Niranjani Shanmugaraja along with director, King Ratnam playing an important role as the character of 'Pat'. More importantly, the film consists of all-Sri Lankan crew with most of them making their acting debuts.
Soundtrack.
The songs and background score for this film has been composed by Shriraam Sachi in his debut as a music director. This is a debut film for the singers as well. 
Release.
The film was initially released in theatres in Feb 23, 2018. later it was also made available in a streaming site named Ceynema.lk

</doc>
<doc id="56589435" url="?curid=56589435" title="Paul Bryar">
Paul Bryar

Paul Bryar (born Gabriel Paul Barrere; February 21, 1910 – August 30, 1985) was an American actor. In a career spanning nearly half a century, he appeared in numerous films and television series.
Career.
Bryar appeared in nearly 220 films between 1938 and 1983, although most of his roles were small in size. He made his film debut in the Harold Lloyd comedy "Professor Beware". Some B-movies during the 1940s and 1950s like "Jungle Siren", "Lady from Chungking", "Parole, Inc." and "The Bob Mathias Story" gave him the chance to play substantial supporting roles. 
Bryar appeared in three movies directed by Alfred Hitchcock, including "Vertigo" (1958), where he had an uncredited role as the friendly Police Captain who accompanies James Stewart to the coroner's inquest. The other Hitchcock films were "Notorious" (1946) and "The Wrong Man" (1956). He also appeared in a 1955 episode of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". Byrar was typecast as a policeman in numerous other films, including "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955) and some Bowery Boys films. Bryar also played bartenders, district attorneys, sheriffs, photographers and guards. He appeared in Charles Laughton's film classic "The Night of the Hunter" (1955) as a hangman and family father who feels depressed about his work. The character actor also played the card player who threatens the Sundance Kid in the opening scene of "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" (1969).
From the 1950s until the early 1980s, Bryar appeared in about 150 television shows. He was seen in "The Twilight Zone", "Bonanza", "Batman", "Little House on the Prairie", "Emergency!", "Bewitched", "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Leave It to Beaver"; "Kung Fu" and "Hart to Hart". Paul Bryar also appeared in the first season of Barnaby Jones; episode titled, "To Denise, with Love and Murder"(04/22/1973).
He had a recurring role as Sheriff Harve Anders in the short-lived series "The Long, Hot Summer" between 1965 and 1966. His last role was a small part in the film "Heart Like a Wheel", two years before his death.
Personal life.
He was married to actress Claudia Bryar until his death in 1985. They had three children, including Paul Barrere, guitarist and singer with the rock band Little Feat.
References.
 5. Demetria Fulton previewed Paul Bryar's appearance in the first season of Barnaby Jones; episode titled, "To Denise, with Love and Murder"(04/22/1973).

</doc>
<doc id="56589445" url="?curid=56589445" title="Amber snails">
Amber snails


</doc>
<doc id="56589448" url="?curid=56589448" title="Dark Brown (film)">
Dark Brown (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56589460" url="?curid=56589460" title="Australian native snail">
Australian native snail


</doc>
<doc id="56589472" url="?curid=56589472" title="Arcuate limpet">
Arcuate limpet


</doc>
<doc id="56589480" url="?curid=56589480" title="Colégio D. Diogo de Sousa">
Colégio D. Diogo de Sousa


</doc>
<doc id="56589488" url="?curid=56589488" title="Deities and fairies of fate in Slavic mythology">
Deities and fairies of fate in Slavic mythology

Rozhanitsy, narecnitsy, and sudzhenitsy are invisible spirits or deities of fate in the pre-Christian religion of the Slavs. Related to pregnancy, motherhood, marriage and female ancestors. Often quoted together with Rod. They are usually mentioned three together, but sometimes up to 9 together, of which one was a "queen" or singular. They are related to Dola, but it is not known on what terms. In Poland they were worshipped as zorze (auroras).
Names and meaning.
In different regions of the Slavs and languages they were named differently: 
Terms "rodzanica", "rodjenica" or "rojenica" come from word "roditi" ("giving birth") and literally mean "woman giving birth".
Terms "sudiczka", "sudica", or "sojenica" come from word "sud" ("judgment", "judge", "court") and literally mean "judging woman".
Terms "narecznica", "nerechnitsa", "narucnica" mean "name giving woman".
Term "udelnica" means "granting woman".
Bulgarian terms "orisnici", "urisnici", "uresici" come from the Greek word "όρίζοντες" ("orizontes - "establish"") and mean "establishing woman”.
In the Eastern Slavs, the personification of good fortune was also known as Dolya, whose name means "division", "participation", and bad luck as Nedolya. In Serbs and Croats, on the other hand, there is Sreća - whose name means "luck".
In some regions of Poland, the functions of rozhanitsy were fulfilled by other figures: boginki in Lesser Poland, kraśniki in Pomerania. In "The Catalogue Of Rudolph's Magic", written by Edward Karvot, who wrote the information collected by Brother Rudolf about the customs of pagan Western Slavs, we read that the Slavs "make sacrifices to their three sisters, which the pagans call Clotho, Lachesis and Atropos to lend them wealth." Rudolph, probably not knowing the language of the Slavs, gave rozhanitsy the names of Moirai, which he knew from Greek mythology, and which perform the same functions as the rozhanitsy.
The rozhanitsy after Christianization were replaced by the Mothers of God or saint women. In Russian charms of a maturing boy, Parascheva, Anastasia and Barbara are mentioned, and in Bulgarian folklore Mother of God, Parascheva and Anastasia. Angels or even Christ Himself also took over the functions of rozhanitsy.
Sources.
"Word of St. Gregory Theologian about how pagans bowed to idols" of the 11th century is first source mentioning about rozhanitsy:
"Word of Chrystolubiec" describes the prayers dedicated to the Rod and rozhanitsy:
The cult of Rozhanitsy was still popular in the 16th century Rus, as evidenced by penance given during confession by Orthodox priests described in the penitentiaries of Saint Sabbas of Storozhi[1:
Izmail Sreznevsky collected the following sources in his "Materials for the Old Russian dictionary":
Narecnitsy often appear in various South Slavic legends and epics, one of them is the epic of Prince Marko:
The first to record the cult of auroras was the ethnographer Zorian Dołęga Chodakowski. He wrote about it in his work "About Slavdom before Christianity":
Polish literature historian Stefan Vrtel-Wierczyński in "Medieval Polish secular poetry" wrote a spell discovered by Brückner:
Polish folklorist Stanisław Czernik in his book "Trzy zorze dziewicze: wśród zamawiań i zaklęć" ("Three virgin auroras: among orders and spells"), he cites the following spell:
The "Wisła" geographical and ethnographic monthly gives the following spell over a baby crying at night, that is spell for three days during sunset, and a prayer for a good husband:
Look.
In the folklore of the Southern Slavs, rozhanitsy are described as beautiful girls or as good-natured elderly women. Sometimes also represented as three women of different ages: a girl, an adult woman and an elderly woman. Southern Slavs described them as beautiful figures with white, round cheeks. They were to be dressed in white clothes and had a white cap (mob cap) on their heads and to have silver and gold jewelry. In their hands they were to hold burning candles through which their silhouettes were to be easily visible in the moonlight.
Czechs described them as white-dressed virgins or old women. They were to be tall and transparent, their cheeks were to be pale and their eyes were to spark and charm people and their hair was decorated with precious stones. Like the southern Slavs, they were to wear a white bonnet or veil.
Functions and cult.
They were to look after pregnant women, and after giving birth to a child, they determined his fate for the rest of his life. The rozhanitsy appeared at midnight, three days after the birth of the child, at his cradle, then they were supposed to foretell the child good or bad fate for life. After determining the fate of the child, it was saved as an indelible mark on the forehead. The rozhanitsy opinions on the future of the child were often contradictory, and the final, oldest parent makes the final decision. The first, youngest rozhanitsa spins, the second measures and the third cuts off the thread of life - the longer the thread, the longer life will be. In southern Slavs, rozhanitsy were sometimes distinguished from sudzhenitsy, which were to appear before death and during important moments in life. Rozhanitsy were sometimes called to protect the family from illness.
According to Procopius, Slavs did not believe in destiny:
According to sources, a trapezoidal table with bread, honey, cheese and groat (kutia) was prepared in honor of the rozhanitsy, sometimes the meal was left in the shrines. First haircut was sacrified to the rozhanitsy - cut hair should be offered to the rozhanitsy. Slovenes and Croats used to put candles, wine, bread and salt in the room where the woman lies the day after delivery. Failure to do so threatened that rozhanitsy would determine a child's bad fortune. Slovenians living in Istria laid bread under the boulders next to the caves in which rozhanitsy were to live, and in Bulgaria suppers were prepared. In the Czech Republic, a table was prepared on which white clothes and chairs were waiting for rozhanitsy and chair, on which bread, salt and butter were laid, sometimes cheese and beer. One of Rod's and rozhanitsy holidays was to be December 26, which after Christianization was replaced by the Orthodox Church with the Feast of the Mother of God.
The rozhanitsy were to live at the end of the world in the palace of the Sun, which could connect them to the solar deity.
In many European religions there are three female characters telling the child the future, which indicates the Indo-European origin of the rozhanitsy:
Goddess Rozhanitsa.
Old Russian sources also mention the rozhanitsa as a single person, usually as a pair of Rod and Rodzanica. An example of such a source is the 12th century chronicle "Gesta regum Anglorum", which describes the cult of Svetovid among the Slavs of Elbe, comparing him to Roman Fortune and Greek Týchē. The 13th century Russian translation of this chronicle translates Fortune as Rozhanitsa (Рожданица). Another example could be the "Word about how pagans bowed to idols": "Artemis and Artemisa called Rod and Roshanitsa". In such a situation, Rozhanitsa could be the Mother Goddess - the goddess of fertility and motherhood. According to mythologists, the triple deities of fate are the hypostasis of the ancient goddess of fate. Pragermani Urðr and early Greek Clotho were to be such goddesses. A similar process probably took place in the Slavs and in that situation Dolya could be the original goddess of fate.
Boris Rybakov tied rozhanitsa with Lada, claiming that Lada was Rod's partner and also the first rozhanitsa.

</doc>
<doc id="56589489" url="?curid=56589489" title="Sluijter">
Sluijter


</doc>
<doc id="56589491" url="?curid=56589491" title="Stoneman Douglas High School shooting">
Stoneman Douglas High School shooting

On February 14, 2018, a shooter opened fire on students and staff at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, killing 17 people and injuring 17 others. The shooter allegedly fled the scene on foot by blending in with other students. A suspect, identified as 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, was arrested without incident about an hour later in nearby Coral Springs and charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and 17 counts of attempted murder. Police and prosecutors have not offered a motive and are investigating "a pattern of disciplinary issues and unnerving behavior."
The killing spree is the deadliest high school shooting in United States history, surpassing the Columbine High School massacre that killed 15 including the perpetrators in Colorado in April 1999. The shooting came at a period of heightened public support for gun control that followed mass shootings in Paradise, Nevada and Sutherland Springs, Texas, in October and November 2017.
Students at Parkland founded Never Again MSD, an advocacy group that lobbies for gun control. On , Governor Rick Scott signed a bill that implemented new restrictions to Florida's gun laws and also allowed for the arming of teachers who were properly trained and the hiring of school resource officers.
The Broward County Sheriff's Office received widespread criticism for its handling of the police response, both for not following up multiple warnings about Cruz despite a lengthy record of threatening behavior, and for staying outside the school instead of immediately confronting the gunman. This led to the resignations of several police officers who responded to the scene, and the removal of Sheriff Scott Israel. A commission appointed by then-Governor Scott to investigate the shooting condemned the police inaction and urged school districts across the state to adopt greater measures of security.
Shooting.
The shooting took place during the afternoon of , 2018, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, an affluent suburb about northwest of Fort Lauderdale. According to a police report, the shooter was carrying a rifle case and a backpack. He was spotted and recognized by a staff member who radioed a colleague that he was walking "purposefully" toward Building 12. However, he did not pursue the shooter or call a "Code Red" to lock down the school. The first staff member later claimed that his training called for only reporting threats; his colleague hid in a closet.
The shooter entered Building 12, a three-story structure containing 30 classrooms typically occupied by about 900 students and 30 teachers. Armed with an AR-15 style semi-automatic rifle and multiple magazines, the shooter entered a hallway and began firing indiscriminately at students and teachers. A fire alarm went off (either pulled by the shooter or activated by smoke from the gunfire), causing confusion because there had been a fire drill earlier in the day. The shooter first killed three students in the hallway, then fired through the windows of four closed classroom doors, killing six more students and wounding thirteen others. Students were unable to seek shelter at "hard corners" — areas of a classroom that people could safely hide at if a gunman peered through the window of a door — because many of the classrooms in Building 12 lacked one, and furniture otherwise obstructed potential safe spaces. Two of those killed were students in Ivy Schamis' Holocaust History class; Schamis was teaching a class lesson on combating hate when the shooter fired shots into her classroom. Around five students from Schamis' class were injured. According to Schamis, the shooter was unaware he was shooting into a class on the Holocaust, even though he had scrawled swastikas onto the ammunition magazines that he left at the school.
As the shooting unfolded, a "Code Red" was still not called in due to confusion among school employees over who had the authority to do so. At about 2:21 p.m. a staff member eventually activated a lockdown, but only after discovering the body of a victim and hearing gunfire. An armed school resource officer of the Broward County Sheriff's Office was on campus when the shooting broke out, and he remained outside between Building 12 and adjacent Building 7.
After killing two staff members near a stairwell, the shooter went to the second floor where he fired into two more classrooms, but did not hit anyone. On the third floor, he shot and killed five students and another staff member, who all had been stranded in the hallway; four other students were injured. Next, he went into a teachers' lounge where he attempted to shoot out the hurricane-resistant windows facing the yard in order to target students and staff fleeing below, but failed.
After he stopped shooting (possibly because his rifle jammed), the shooter reportedly dropped his rifle on the third floor of the building and left the scene by blending in with fleeing students. He then allegedly walked to a fast-food restaurant, stopping at a mall to get a soda on the way, and lingered before leaving on foot at 3:01 p.m.
At about 3:40 p.m., police stopped Nikolas Cruz from the school in the Wyndham Lakes neighborhood of Coral Springs and arrested him as the suspected shooter. Cruz was then taken to a hospital emergency room with "labored breathing." After 40 minutes, Cruz was released back into police custody and booked into the Broward County Jail.
The shooting lasted for about six minutes in total, and all of the victims were shot within just under four minutes. School surveillance camera video was alleged to show Cruz as the shooter, and he was also recognized by eyewitnesses. While SWAT paramedics were inside the building, additional paramedics from the local Fire-Rescue department repeatedly requested to enter the building. These requests were denied by the Broward Sheriff's Office, even after the suspect was arrested.
Victims.
Seventeen people were killed and seventeen more were wounded but survived their gunshot wounds. Three remained in critical condition the day after the shooting, and one remained by the second day.
Fatalities.
Twelve victims died inside the building, three died just outside the building on school premises, and two died in the hospital.
The fourteen students and three staff members killed were:
Geography teacher Scott Beigel was killed after he unlocked a classroom for students to enter and hide from the gunman. Aaron Feis, an assistant football coach and security guard, was killed as he shielded two students. Chris Hixon, the school's athletic director, was killed as he ran toward the sound of the gunfire and tried to help fleeing students.
Student Peter Wang was last seen in his Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) uniform, holding doors open so others could get out more quickly; Wang was unable to flee with the students when the assailant appeared and fatally shot him. Commentators commended his actions and described him as a hero. A White House petition was circulated, calling for him to be buried with full military honors. At their respective funerals, Wang, Alaina Petty, and Martin Duque were all posthumously honored by the U.S. Army with the ROTC Medal for Heroism, and Wang was buried in his JROTC Blues uniform. On , he was given a rare posthumous admission to the United States Military Academy.
Alyssa Alhadeff was the captain of the Parkland Soccer Club. On , 2018—nearly three weeks after the shooting—she was honored by the United States women's national soccer team prior to a game in Orlando. Her teammates and family were invited to the game and presented with official jerseys that featured her name.
Meadow Pollack was a senior who was shot four times. As the shooter fired into other classrooms, Pollack crawled to a classroom door but was unable to get inside. Cara Loughran, a freshman, was alongside Pollack, and Pollack covered Loughran in an attempt to shield her from the bullets. The shooter returned to the classroom and located Pollack and Loughran, discharging his weapon five more times and killing both girls.
Injuries and survivors.
The last victim to remain hospitalized, Anthony Borges, was discharged on . Dubbed "the real Iron Man," Borges was shot five times after he used his body to barricade the door of a classroom where twenty students were inside. Upon his release, Borges issued a statement that criticized the actions of Broward Sheriff's deputies, Sheriff Scott Israel, and School Superintendent Robert Runcie. His family has filed notice of its intent to sue the school district for personal injury to cover costs related to his recovery. Borges was honored with a humanitarian award at the 2018 BET Awards.
Survivors of the shooting, teachers and students alike, have struggled with survivor's guilt and other symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). On March 17, 2019, thirteen months after the shooting, 19-year-old Sydney Aiello, who survived and who had lost her friend Meadow Pollack the year before, died by suicide after struggling to attend college. She was terrified of being in a classroom and also had been treated for survivor's guilt and PTSD. Less than a week later, a 16-year-old boy who had survived the shooting died by suicide.
Teacher Ivy Schamis was presented with USC Shoah Foundation's inaugural Stronger Than Hate Educator Award in 2019. During her acceptance speech at the award ceremony, Schamis honored victims Nick Dworet and Helena Ramsay, who died in her class during the shooting.
Suspect.
Nikolas Jacob Cruz was born September 24, 1998 in Margate, Florida and was adopted at birth by Lynda and Roger Cruz. Both his adoptive parents died, Roger at age 67 on August 11, 2004, and Lynda at age 68 on November 1, 2017, leaving Cruz orphaned three months before the shooting. Since his mother's death, he had been living with relatives and friends. At the time of the shooting, he was enrolled in a GED program and employed at a local Dollar Tree.
Cruz was a member of the JROTC and had received multiple awards "including academic achievement for maintaining an A grade in JROTC and Bs in other subjects," according to CNN. He was also a member of his school's varsity air rifle team.
Behavioral issues and social media.
Cruz had behavioral issues since middle school, and, according to the "Washington Post", he was "entrenched in the process for getting students help rather than referring them to law enforcement." He was transferred between schools six times in three years in an effort to deal with these problems. In 2014, he was transferred to a school for children with emotional or learning disabilities. There were reports that he made threats against other students.
He returned to Stoneman Douglas High School two years later but was expelled in 2017 for disciplinary reasons. As he could not be expelled from the Broward County School system completely, he was transferred to alternative placement. The school administration had circulated an email to teachers, warning that Cruz had made threats against other students. The school banned him from wearing a backpack on campus.
Psychiatrists recommended an involuntary admission of Cruz to a residential treatment facility, starting in 2013. The Florida Department of Children and Families investigated him in September 2016 for Snapchat posts in which he cut both his arms and said he planned to buy a gun. At this time, a school resource officer suggested he undergo an involuntary psychiatric examination under the provisions of the Baker Act. Two guidance counselors agreed, but a mental institution did not. State investigators reported he had depression, autism, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In their assessment, they concluded he was "at low risk of harming himself or others." He had previously received mental health treatment, but had not received treatment in the year leading up to the shooting.
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel described Cruz's online profiles and accounts as "very, very disturbing." They contained pictures and posts of him with a variety of weapons, including long knives, a shotgun, a pistol, and a BB gun. Police said that he held "extremist" views; social media accounts that were thought to be linked to him contained anti-black and anti-Muslim slurs. YouTube comments linked to him include "I wanna die Fighting killing shit ton of people," threats against police officers and "antifa," and intent to mimic the University of Texas tower shooting. Cruz was a supporter of Donald Trump, with his personal Instagram showing him wearing a "Make America Great Again" baseball cap.
In February 2017, Cruz legally purchased an AR-15 style semi-automatic rifle from a Coral Springs gun store, after having passed the required background check. Prior to the purchase he had similarly obtained several other firearms, including at least one shotgun and several other rifles. At the time of the shooting, in Florida, it was legal for people as young as 18 to purchase guns from federally licensed dealers, including the rifle allegedly used in the shooting. The minimum age requirement has since been raised to 21.
Items recovered by police at the scene included gun magazines with swastikas carved in them. One student claimed that Cruz had drawn a swastika and the words "I hate niggers" on his backpack. CNN reported that Cruz was in a private Instagram group chat where he expressed racist, homophobic, antisemitic, and xenophobic views. Cruz said that he hated "jews, niggers, immigrants" and frequently discussed the weapons that he owned. At one point Cruz said "I think I am going to kill people" in the group chat, although he later claimed that he was joking.
A former classmate said Cruz had anger management issues and often joked about guns and gun violence, which included threats of shooting up establishments. The brother of a 2016 graduate described him as "super stressed out all the time and talked about guns a lot and tried to hide his face." A student who was enrolled at the school at the time of the shooting said, "I think everyone had in their minds if anybody was going to do it, it was going to be him." A classmate who was assigned to work with him in sophomore year said, "He told me how he got kicked out of two private schools. He was held back twice. He had aspirations to join the military. He enjoyed hunting." A student's mother said that he also bragged about killing animals. A neighbor said his mother would call the police over to the house to try to talk some sense into him.
Earlier warnings to law enforcement.
Sheriff Scott Israel said that his office received 23 calls about Cruz during the previous decade, but this figure is in dispute. CNN used a public records request to obtain a sheriff's office log, which showed that from 2008 to 2017, at least 45 calls were made in reference to Cruz, his brother, or the family home. On , 2016, the calls included an anonymous tip that Cruz had threatened to shoot up the school, and a tip on , 2017, that he might be a "school shooter in the making" and that he collected knives and guns. On , 2016, a peer counselor notified the school resource officer of his suicide attempt and intent to buy a gun; the school indicated it would do a "threat assessment."
In September 2016, three people—a sheriff's deputy who worked as a resource officer at Stoneman Douglas, and two of the school's counselors—stated that Cruz should be committed for mental evaluation.
On , 2017, a person with the username "nikolas cruz" posted a comment to a YouTube video that read, "Im going to be a professional school shooter." The person who uploaded the video to YouTube reported the comment to the FBI. According to agent Robert Lasky, the agency conducted database reviews but was unable to track down the individual who made the threatening comment.
On , 2018, more than a month before the shooting, the FBI received a tip on its Public Access Line from a person who was close to Cruz. On , two days after the shooting, the agency released a statement that detailed this information. According to the statement, "The caller provided information about Cruz's gun ownership, desire to kill people, erratic behavior, and disturbing social media posts, as well as the potential of him conducting a school shooting." After conducting an investigation, the FBI said the tip line did not follow protocol when the information was not forwarded to the Miami Field Office, where investigative steps would have been taken. The FBI opened a probe into the tip line's operations.
The lack of response by Israel and other members of the Broward County Sheriff's Office to the numerous red flags and warnings about Cruz has been the subject of much scrutiny. In the days following the shooting, calls for Israel's resignation intensified as more information that alluded to the department's inaction was revealed. Israel refused to resign in the immediate aftermath of the shooting, saying during an interview with CNN, "I’ve given amazing leadership to this agency" while denying responsibility for the actions of his deputies. This culminated in Ron DeSantis removing Israel from his role as Sheriff and replacing him with Gregory Tony.
Efforts to seek help.
The school district conducted an assessment of the handling of Cruz. According to their redacted report, which was reviewed in August 2018 by "The New York Times", "The Daily Beast", and other media, a year before the shooting Cruz had sought help from education specialists, as his grades at Stoneman Douglas were declining. He was an eighteen-year-old junior, and met with the specialists with his mother. The specialists recommended that he transfer to another school, Cross Creek School in Pompano Beach, where he had done well before. But he wanted to graduate with his class at Stoneman Douglas, and rejected this option, as a legal adult. He was advised that if he stayed, he would no longer be able to access special education services, but this was incorrect. A few months later, he withdrew because of failing grades. After that, Cruz requested to go to Cross Creek, but he was told a new assessment was needed, delaying action, and the request was denied.
Legal proceedings.
At his initial arraignment the day after the shootings, Cruz was charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and held without bond. If convicted of first degree murder, he faces either the death penalty (execution by lethal injection) or life without parole. According to an affidavit by the sheriff's office, Cruz confessed to the shooting. It was also claimed Cruz told officers that he brought additional loaded magazines hidden in a backpack.
Cruz was placed on suicide watch in an isolation cell (solitary confinement) after the arraignment. Lead defense counsel Gordon Weekes asked Broward Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer to recuse herself, claiming that her previous comments and rulings showed favoritism toward the prosecution, which would prevent Cruz from receiving a fair trial. She disagreed and declined the request on .
On , a grand jury indicted Cruz on 34 charges: 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted first-degree murder. He was arraigned on , and the prosecution filed notice of their intent to seek the death penalty. They said they can prove five of the aggravating factors that qualify a murder for the death penalty in Florida. Cruz declined to enter a plea, so Scherer entered "not guilty" on his behalf. The defense had earlier offered a guilty plea if the death penalty were taken off the table, and reiterated it immediately before it was refused.
During the week of April 8–12, 2018, Scherer included a three-page letter from a Minnesotan into the court record of the case. The letter was addressed to the judge and claimed that research into Cruz's past led the writer to believe that Cruz suffered from a developmental disability and that he was "fearful of other people and was threatened by bullies." The letter ended by claiming that Cruz appeared to be consumed by sadness and depression.
The same week, a hearing was held to determine if Cruz was entitled to a public defender. His attorney, court-appointed public defender Howard Finkelstein, asked the court to wait until the probate case involving Cruz's late mother's estate was concluded and Cruz's net worth could be determined, as Cruz would have only been entitled to a public defender had he been unable to afford a private attorney. On April 24, 2019, a determination was made that Cruz and his half-brother Zachary would share the proceeds of a MetLife insurance policy valued at $864,929. This would make Cruz ineligible for representation by the public defender's office, and as such, the office asked to be removed from his case on that date.
Meanwhile, with respect to Cruz's confession, Scherer ruled on July 26, 2018 that it would be released to the public with certain details redacted. On August 3, Scherer additionally ruled that the Broward school district's report on Cruz would be released to the public. Some portions of the report were redacted to protect Cruz's privacy rights. Cruz's confession was released on August 6. On August 8, a video of Cruz's confession filmed by the Broward County Sheriff's Office was published by TMZ. Cruz can be heard crying near the end of the video, and saying "kill me" to the camera.
According to the Broward County Sheriff's Office, Cruz attacked a jail officer on the night of November 13, 2018. The following day, he was charged with aggravated assault on an officer, battery on an officer and use of an "electric or chemical weapon against an officer." The officer who was allegedly attacked by Cruz had asked him to "not drag his sandals on the ground" while he was walking in the jail's dayroom. It was claimed Cruz responded by "displaying his middle finger" and striking the officer in the face. He also grabbed the stun gun out of the deputy's holster. The weapon discharged during the brawl before the deputy regained control and Cruz was placed in solitary confinement. Cruz appeared at an initial hearing on the assault charges, where bail was set at $200,000. Those charges could add 25 years to the death penalty or 34 life terms.
Cruz's trial, initially scheduled to begin on January 27, 2020, was originally delayed until mid-year to allow his lawyers more time to build their case. The case was then delayed again due to the COVID-19 pandemic; The case was expected to go to trial in September 2021. , a start date for the trial has not been set.
Prior to the beginning of his trial, judge Elizabeth Scherer ruled that the use of "derogatory words" to refer to Cruz would not be allowed from prosecutors or witnesses during the trial saying that it would not be feasible to create an "exhaustive list of words" that should not be used to describe Cruz. However, Scherer also ruled against the defense in the use of some words, ruling that Cruz can be called "killer", "school shooter" or "murderer" as she deemed those words "normal to describe particular facts."
Aftermath.
On May 30, 2018, prosecutors released three videos that they claimed Cruz had recorded on his cellphone before the shooting. In the videos, Cruz appears to describe his personal feelings, his enthusiasm and plan for the shooting, his hatred of people, and how it will make him notorious.
School response.
The school district provided grief counseling to students and their families. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said that the fees of funerals and counseling would be paid for by the state. On , police presence was increased at schools in at least two counties in Florida in response to the shooting. On , Broward Schools Superintendent Robert Runcie announced that the building where the shooting took place would be demolished. On October 9, 2020 a replacement building was opened. The building where the shooting took place will not be demolished until the trial of Cruz is over, as it has been declared a crime scene.
On , two weeks after the shooting, Stoneman Douglas reopened to students amid a heavy police presence. School principal Ty Thompson emphasized that the first week back would be focused on healing, with classes ending at 11:40 a.m. through . He tweeted "Remember our focus is on emotional readiness and comfort not curriculum: so there is no need for backpacks. Come ready to start the healing process and #RECLAIMTHENEST." Extra counseling and emotional support dogs were provided to students upon their return.
In early April, the school implemented several new safety rules and regulations. The changes included fewer entrances, law enforcement officers at each entrance, identification badges for students and staff, and the requirement that all book bags must be clear plastic. The use of metal detectors was under consideration. Several students criticized the new safety measures as ineffective and intrusive.
On November 30, 2018, the "Sun-Sentinel" reported that Broward County Public Schools, which runs Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, had spent about $185,000 attempting to obscure its role in not preventing the massacre. The district also spent an undisclosed sum on legal opposition to the releasing of records related to the school's treatment of Nikolas Cruz while he was a student, and the school security procedures. A company named CEN received a $60,000 payment to review Cruz's school records and to investigate if the Broward County Public Schools followed the law in its handling of Cruz as a troubled student. The final report omitted various details about the instability of Cruz.
Graduation ceremony.
The school held its graduation ceremony on June 3, 2018, and diplomas were presented to the families of Nicholas Dworet, Joaquin Oliver, Meadow Pollack, and Carmen Schentrup, four students who were killed in the attack. Stoneman Douglas principal Ty Thompson began by dedicating the ceremony to "those not with us." Many graduates wore sashes that were emblazoned with #MSDStrong, or decorated their caps with references to the Never Again movement, while some dedicated their caps to their late classmates. Families of the victims also made statements; the mother of Joaquin Oliver accepted his diploma wearing a shirt saying "This should be my son." Talk show host Jimmy Fallon made a surprise appearance and gave a commencement speech to the graduating class, thanking them for their courage and bravery.
First-year anniversary.
On the first anniversary of the shooting, the school opted to establish a voluntary attendance day. It organized a day of community service with early dismissal, so that the school was closed at the time of the attack. A police line was created to shelter those students who chose to attend. The large, planned project for the day was to replace the memorial with a permanent memorial garden. A planned moment of silence at 10:17 AM ET was held, with support provided from grief counselors and therapy dogs. An interfaith memorial service was planned in a separate location.
Officer inactivity.
SRO Scot Peterson, who was armed, on-site and in uniform as a Broward Sheriff's Office deputy, was accused of remaining outside Building 12 during the shooting. Eight days after the attack, he was suspended without pay by Sheriff Israel, and he immediately retired. Sheriff Israel said "Scot Peterson was absolutely on campus for this entire event," and that he should have "gone in, addressed the killer, [and] killed the killer."
In June 2019, following an investigation that included interviews with 184 witnesses, Peterson was arrested and then bonded out for the crime of failing to protect the students during the shooting. He faces 11 charges of neglect of a child, as well as culpable negligence and perjury. Peterson pleaded not guilty and has filed a motion to have all charges dropped.
A statement released by Peterson's lawyer before he was charged said that Peterson believed the shooting was happening outside the building. According to the lawyer, Peterson claimed he told this to the first Coral Springs police officer who arrived on scene. The statement also pointed to radio transmissions that indicated a gunshot victim near the football field.
The "Miami Herald" transcribed radio dispatches that Peterson said at 2:23 during the shooting, "Be advised we have possible, could be firecrackers. I think we have shots fired, possible shots fired —1200 building." Seconds later, Peterson radioed: "We're talking about the 1200 building it's going to be the building off Holmberg Road Get the school locked down, gentlemen!" At 2:25, he radioed that "We also heard it's by, inside the 1200." At an unspecified time, Peterson called for police to ensure that "no one comes inside the school." At 2:27, at Building 12, he radioed, "Stay at least 500 feet away at this point." At an unspecified time, Peterson ordered: "Do not approach the 12 or 1300 building, stay at least 500 feet away."
On , the sheriff's office released video footage in compliance with a court order. The video was captured by school surveillance cameras and showed some of Peterson's movements during the shooting.
Unnamed sources told CNN that Coral Springs police arrived at the scene and saw three Broward deputies behind their vehicles with pistols drawn. Broward Sheriff's Office captain Jan Jordan ordered deputies to form a perimeter instead of immediately confronting the shooter; this tactic was contrary to their training regarding active shooters. Based on time stamps of the police logs, the order was given some time after the shooting had stopped. Jordan was widely criticized for her actions, and she resigned, citing personal reasons, nine months after the shooting.
Sheriff Israel said that Coral Springs officers were the first to enter the building, about four minutes after Cruz had surreptitiously left the school. Due to a tape delay in viewing surveillance footage, officers believed that Cruz was still in the building. there were three investigations into the timeline of police response.
President Trump criticized the officers who failed to enter the building during the shooting. On , he said that he would have entered "even if I didn't have a weapon, and I think most of the people in this room would have done that, too." His statement was mocked by some late night show hosts, who noted that Trump had avoided the military draft. Some survivors criticized Trump for his comments; for instance, survivor and activist David Hogg said that Trump was bragging and talking about himself in response to a tragedy that did not concern him.
Political reaction.
President Trump offered his prayers and condolences to the victims' families, writing, "no child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school." In a televised address, he mentioned school safety and mental health issues. Florida Governor Rick Scott ordered that flags at state buildings be flown at half-staff. Two days after the shooting, Trump and the first lady Melania visited Broward Health North, a hospital where eight of the shooting victims were admitted. They met with two victims and Trump praised doctors and law enforcement officials for their responses to the attack.
On , Trump met with students and others for a "listening session" at the White House. He suggested arming up to 20% of the teachers to stop "maniacs" from attacking students. The following day, he called a "gun free" school a "magnet" for criminals and tweeted, "Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive."
BBC News characterized Republican politicians' reactions as focusing on mental health issues while dodging debate on gun control, with the reasoning that it was either "too political or too soon." Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said that this was the time to "step back and count our blessings" instead of "taking sides and fighting each other politically." Republican Florida Senator Marco Rubio said that "most" proposals on stricter gun laws "would not have prevented" this shooting nor "any of those in recent history" and that lawmakers should take action with "focus on the violence part" alongside guns. Republican Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin declared that the country should re-evaluate "the things being put in the hands of our young people," specifically "quote-unquote video games" that "have desensitized people to the value of human life." Republican Senator Pat Roberts of Kansas said he supported age restrictions on the ownership of AR-15 style rifles, saying "Certainly nobody under 21 should have an AR-15." Republican Senator from Oklahoma James Lankford said on NBC News' "Meet the Press" he was open to requiring more comprehensive background checks for firearm purchases, saying "The problem is not owning an AR-15, it's the person who owns it." Republican governor of Ohio John Kasich called for restrictions on the sales of AR-15 style rifles, saying on CNN "if all of a sudden, you couldn't buy an AR-15, what would you lose? Would you feel as though your Second Amendment rights would be eroded because you couldn't buy a God-darn AR-15?" Republican Representative Brian Mast from Florida, a former resident of Parkland and an Army veteran, wrote in an op ed in "The New York Times" that he supported a ban on the sale of civilian versions of military rifles, writing:
Most nights in Afghanistan, I wielded an M4 carbine. My rifle was very similar to the AR-15-style semiautomatic weapon used to kill students, teachers and a coach I knew at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., where I once lived...I cannot support the primary weapon I used to defend our people being used to kill children I swore to defend. The AR-15 is an excellent platform for recreational shooters to learn to be outstanding marksmen. Unfortunately, it is also an excellent platform for those who wish to kill the innocent.
Democratic Senator from Florida Bill Nelson said "I have hunted all my life. But an AR-15 is not for hunting. It's for killing."
Al Hoffman Jr., a Republican donor in Florida, pledged that he would no longer fund legislative groups or candidates who were not actively working to ban sales of military-style weapons to civilians. He said, "For how many years now have we been doing this – having these experiences of terrorism, mass killings – and how many years has it been that nothing's been done?"
Sheriff Israel called on lawmakers to amend the Baker Act to allow police to detain and hospitalize people who make disturbing posts—not just clear threats—on social media. "I'm talking about being around bombs, possibly talking about 'I want to be a serial killer,' talking about taking people's lives," he said. "Just taking a picture with a gun or a knife or a weapon – that in and of itself is clearly not even remotely something that we're concerned about."
Gun control debate.
Many student survivors criticized the response from politicians and asked them not to offer condolences but to take action to prevent more students from being killed in school shootings. These students have demanded stricter gun control measures. Survivor X González was noted for their speech that rebuked thoughts and prayers from politicians. They later helped lead a protest movement against gun violence in the United States. Broward County Schools Superintendent Rob Runcie said, "now is the time to have a real conversation about gun control legislation." Lori Alhadeff, whose daughter was killed in the shooting, implored Trump to do something to improve school safety.
In the aftermath of the shooting, some of the student survivors organized Never Again MSD. The group was created on social media with the hashtag #NeverAgain, activism inspired in part by the ground broken by the #MeToo movement and the 2018 Women's March. The group demanded legislative action to prevent similar shootings, and has condemned lawmakers who received political contributions from the National Rifle Association. The group held a rally on in Fort Lauderdale that was attended by hundreds of supporters.
Since the shooting, several more rallies have been planned to take place with the focus on legislative action. The Women's March Network organized a school walkout that took place on . A series of demonstrations called "March for Our Lives" on included a march in Washington, D.C. On , the anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre, all-day walkouts were planned for teacher groups by educators Diane Ravitch and David Berliner, as well as student groups.
On , dozens of Stoneman Douglas High School students went to the state Capitol in Tallahassee and watched as the Florida House of Representatives rejected a bill that would have banned some guns characterized as assault weapons. Students strongly criticized the vote. The bill's sponsor, Carlos Guillermo Smith, highlighted the legislature's failure to respond to the use of an assault weapon in the mass shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School, while passing a bill to declare that pornography is a public health risk.
In mid-March, Lori Alhadeff announced her own nonprofit organization, Make Schools Safe, which will be mostly focusing on school campus security.
In May 2018, Cameron Kasky's father registered a super PAC, Families vs Assault Rifles PAC (FAMSVARPAC), with intentions of going "up against NRA candidates in every meaningful race in the country."
State law.
In March 2018, the Florida Legislature passed a bill titled the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act. It raised the minimum age for buying rifles to 21, established waiting periods and background checks, provided a program for the arming of some school employees and hiring of school police, banned bump stocks, and barred some potentially violent or mentally unhealthy people arrested under certain laws from possessing guns. In all, it allocated around . Rick Scott signed the bill into law on . 
On the day the Parkland bill was signed into law, the NRA sued, challenging the ban on gun sales to people ages 18 to 21. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida upheld the constitutionality of the law and dismissed the NRA's suit in June 2021.
Federal law.
On February 20, 2018, Trump directed the Department of Justice to issue regulations to ban bump stocks.
On , the STOP School Violence Act was signed into law as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, which increases funding for metal detectors, security training, and similar safety measures. Lawmakers made it clear it was in response to the shooting and the public outcry. Some students from the Stoneman Douglas High School, who were active in calling for stricter gun control (not just safety measures), said the measure was passed because lawmakers "pass something very easy and simple that everyone can get behind. But that's because it doesn't do anything."
Boycott of NRA and responses from businesses.
Following the shooting, people boycotted the U.S. gun rights advocacy group NRA and its business affiliates. Many companies responded to the shooting by changing some of their business dealings and practices.
Calls for companies to sever their ties to the NRA were heeded when several companies terminated their business relationships with the NRA.
Major gun sellers such as Dick's, Walmart, and Fred Meyer voluntarily raised the age requirement on gun purchases from 18 to 21. The NRA challenged the new age requirement in court. Other businesses like Bank of America and Citibank also ended some of their dealings with gun manufacturers and vendors.
Civil lawsuits.
On May 23, 2018, the parents of victims Jaime Guttenberg and Alex Schachter sued firearm manufacturer American Outdoor Brands Corporation, formerly known as Smith &amp; Wesson, the manufacturer of the rifle used by Cruz, and distributor Sunrise Tactical Supply, the retailer who sold Cruz the rifle, claiming damages due to "the defendant's complicity in the entirely foreseeable, deadly use of the assault-style weapons that they place on the market."
Fifteen survivors sued the county, sheriff and school officials for failing to protect them contending that the government's inadequate response to the shooting violated their Fourteenth Amendment right to due process. This lawsuit was dismissed in December 2018, with the judge citing prior case law in ruling that the government did not have a duty to protect the defendants from the actions of the shooter.
Victims' funds.
In the aftermath of the shooting, more than was raised for the victims as of April 2018. Two other funds, Florida's Crime Victims Compensation Fund, which pays for medical and funeral expenses, and the National Compassion Fund, which pays for pain and suffering, are also available to help the victims of the Parkland shooting.
In addition, victim Scott Beigel's family started a memorial fund in his name with the goal of funding summer camp tuition for students traumatized by school shootings, a passion of Beigel. The memorial fund is majorly involved with events, including a 5K run, and partnered with Onedia-based Camp Fiver, which also gave the fund an honorary award.
Conspiracy theories, disinformation, and harassment.
Gun rights conspiracy theories circulated in the wake of the shooting. The speculation included false claims that the shooting did not happen or was staged by "crisis actors." One such claim was made by Benjamin A. Kelly, a district secretary for Republican State Representative Shawn Harrison, who sent an email to the "Tampa Bay Times" falsely stating that the children in the picture were not students at the school. As a result of the backlash, Kelly was fired hours later. Former Republican congressman and CNN contributor Jack Kingston suggested student demonstrators were paid by billionaire George Soros or were supported by "members of Antifa." A video with a description espousing a conspiracy theory that student David Hogg was a "crisis actor" reached the top of YouTube's trending page before it was removed by the company. As the shooting took place, a teacher directed Hogg and several other students to hide in a closet. Hogg, who worked on the school's TV station, then filmed student reactions to the shooting in an effort to document the event.
The Alliance for Securing Democracy alleged that Russia-linked accounts on Twitter and other platforms used the shooting's aftermath to inflame tensions and divide Americans by posting loaded comments that oppose gun control. Other Russia-linked accounts labeled the shooting a false flag operation that the U.S. government would exploit to seize guns from citizens. Hundreds of Russian bots were also suspected of coming to the defense of Laura Ingraham on Twitter following the boycott of her show, "The Ingraham Angle", that resulted from her public ridicule of Hogg. The conspiracy theories about survivors like Hogg and González were named PolitiFact's 2018 Lie of the Year.
Some of the survivors of the massacre and their relatives were targeted by online harassment that included death threats. Cameron Kasky wrote on Twitter that he was quitting Facebook for the time being, because the death threats from "NRA cultists" were slightly more graphic on a service without a character limit.
In March 2019, conspiracy theorist and eventual Republican Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene for Georgia was filmed heckling and harassing survivor David Hogg as he was walking toward the United States Capitol.

</doc>
<doc id="56589494" url="?curid=56589494" title="1962 Paris–Tours">
1962 Paris–Tours

The 1962 Paris–Tours was the 56th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 7 October 1962. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jo de Roo.

</doc>
<doc id="56589498" url="?curid=56589498" title="Carlos Rubio">
Carlos Rubio

Carlos Enrique Rubio y Martínez de Ubago is a Dominican penalist lawyer, former intelligence agent, YouTuber, instagrammer, and columnist, who is exiled in the United States. He is most known for suing the Brazilian company Odebrecht in his country, Dominican Republic, for paying bribes to senior officials.
Biography.
Carlos Enrique Rubio was born on November 27, 1981, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. When he was 8, his mother died, and at the age of 13, his father died.
He studied criminal law at the National School of the Judiciary and was trained as an Anti-Money Laundering consultant in the United States. By 2016, he was working as an Industry and Commerce Analyst for the Ministry of Industry and Commerce of the Dominican Republic.
He has worked as a columnist for the newspapers Listin Diario and Acento, both from Dominican Republic.
Carlos Rubio presented a lawsuit against the Odebrecht company in the Dominican Republic, alleging a circumstantial account in which he presents what is stated around figures such as money laundering, bribery and the responsibility of officials in the procurement and bidding processes; he was the first civilian on doing that on Dominican Republic. Also, on September 25, 2017, he assured that Dominican government was using money to buy journalists that didn't agree with their governing style.
On October 3, 2017, Carlos Rubio presented a lawsuit against many judges of the Second Chamber of the Civil and Commercial Chamber of National District, for the purpose of investigating the fast increase of their assets

</doc>
<doc id="56589501" url="?curid=56589501" title="Kenneth Spencer Research Library">
Kenneth Spencer Research Library

The Kenneth Spencer Research Library is a library at the University of Kansas (KU) in Lawrence. Completed and dedicated in 1968, the library houses special collections materials including rare books, maps, archives, and photographs. The library is open to members of the public and is not limited to students and faculty members at KU.
History.
In 1949, Kenneth and Helen Spencer established a foundation in Kansas City for charitable giving in the region. Over the course of thirty years, the Foundation donated millions of dollars to universities, museums, and other cultural institutions in the Kansas City area and across the Midwest. Helen became president and director of the foundation following Kenneth's death in 1960 (she held these positions until the dissolution of the foundation in 1979).
Shortly after Kenneth Spencer's death in 1960, Helen was approached about donating her husband's personal papers and business records to the University of Kansas. She agreed, and by October 1964, attention turned to how and where the materials would be housed as a special memorial library. KU's Watson Library was deemed unsuitable, as the facility's lack of space already hindered librarians' efforts to process and make available special collections materials.
"Upon reflecting on this," Helen later recalled, "and knowing that a university gains prominence through its Graduate College, I was inspired to give this graduate research library." Helen was also inspired to establish the library so as to help combat the exodus of scholars from the Lawrence area, writing, "Kenneth and I had so often observed and regretted the loss of talented native Kansans to other larger eastern and western graduate schools because most of them found employment in those areas and never returned to the Middle West."
In January 1966, Helen donated funds to the University of Kansas for the construction of a library in honor of her late husband Kenneth. Helen's gift was, at the time, the largest single gift ever given to KU or to any institution in Kansas. When the gift was announced, Chancellor W. Clarke Wescoe declared that the library "will stand as a living memorial not only to an outstanding man and his equally distinguished wife but to the pursuit of learning that holds so much promise for the future and to the spirit of philanthropy which holds out for the University of Kansas the promise of future greatness."
Construction of the library began in January 1967. The library was dedicated on November 8, 1968, and it officially opened a month later. More than 150,000 books and 250,000 manuscripts were moved from Watson Library to Spencer, allowing KU to bring together previously scattered special collections as well as grow the collections and establish new services.
Building.
The Kenneth Spencer Research Library encompasses 100,000 square feet and is four-stories tall. The building was designed by the Tanner &amp; Linscott architect Robert F. Jenks and built by B.A. Green Construction Co., which was based out of Lawrence. According to Alexandra Mason, a librarian who worked at the library, the structure was created "specifically to meet the needs of rare books, manuscripts, archives, and their users".
In mid-to-late 2017, the library renovated its North Gallery.
Collections.
The Kenneth Spencer Research Library is home to collections in many subject areas:
Exhibitions.
The library's exhibit spaces include the North Gallery, which, among other things, showcases two stories of glass-enclosed book stacks and a permanent exhibit featuring a snapshot of Spencer's distinctive collections. Spencer also hosts rotating exhibits throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="56589507" url="?curid=56589507" title="2018 Parkland shooting">
2018 Parkland shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56589508" url="?curid=56589508" title="Maemo-Leste">
Maemo-Leste


</doc>
<doc id="56589519" url="?curid=56589519" title="2018 Marjory Stonewall Douglas High School shooting">
2018 Marjory Stonewall Douglas High School shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56589521" url="?curid=56589521" title="2009–10 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season">
2009–10 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season

The 2009–10 Bayer 04 Leverkusen season happened between 31 July 2009 and 8 May 2010. Bayer Leverkusen participated in the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal.
Season overview.
August.
Bayer Leverkusen started the 2009–10 season on 31 July 2009 in the DFB-Pokal. Bayer Leverkusen defeated SV Babelsberg 1–0 in the first round on 31 July 2009. Eren Derdiyok scored the only goal of the match. Bayer Leverkusen's opening match of the Bundesliga happened on 8 August 2009 against 1. FSV Mainz 05. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. Eren Derdiyok and Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Tim Hoogland and Daniel Gunkel scored for Mainz. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday one tied for eighth place. Matchday two happened on 15 August 2009 against 1899 Hoffenheim. Bayer Leverkusen won 1–0 with a goal from Stefan Kießling. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday two in sixth place. Matchday three happened on 22 August 2009 against SC Freiburg. Bayer Leverkusen won the match 5–0. Eren Derdiyok scored two goals, Tranquillo Barnetta scored two goals, and Stefan Kießling scored a goal. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday three in first place. Matchday four happened on 29 August 2009 against VfL Bochum. Bayer Leverkusen won 2–1. Manuel Friedrich and Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Bochum's goal came from an own goal from Manuel Friedrich. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday four in second place.
September.
Matchday five happened on 12 September 2009 against VfL Wolfsburg. Bayer Leverkusen won 3–2. Simon Rolfes and Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Rolfes scored two goals, including one from the penalty spot. Wolfsburg got goals from Zvjezdan Misimović and Grafite, who scored from the penalty spot. Bayer Leverkusen striker Eren Derdiyok and Wolfsburg goalkeeper Diego Benaglio were sent-off. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday five in second place. Matchday six happened on 20 September 2009 against Werder Bremen. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. After matchday six, Bayer Leverkusen were in second place. On 23 September 2009, Bayer Leverkusen were defeated 2–1 by 1. FC Kaiserslautern in the second round of the DFB-Pokal. Kaiserslautern took a 2–0 lead with goals from Sidney Sam and Erik Jendrišek. Theofanis Gekas scored late in the match to pull a goal back for Bayer Leverkusen. Matchday seven happened on 26 September 2009 against 1. FC Köln. Bayer Leverkusen won 1–0 with a goal from Simon Rolfes. Köln midfielder Maniche was sent-off during the match. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday seven in second place.
October.
Matchday eight happened on 3 October 2009 against 1. FC Nürnberg. Bayer Leverkusen won 4–0 with goals from Toni Kroos, Simon Rolfes, Eren Derdiyok, and Stefan Kießling. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday eight in first place. Matchday nine happened on 17 October 2009 against Hamburger SV. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. After matchday nine, Bayer Leverkusen were in first place. Matchday 10 happened on 23 October 2009 against Borussia Dortmund. The match finished 1–1. Manuel Friedrich scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Lucas Barrios scored for Borussia Dortmund. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 10 in first place. Matchday 11 happened on 31 October 2009 against FC Schalke. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. Toni Kroos and Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Kevin Kuranyi and Vicente Sánchez scored for Schalke. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 11 in first place.
November.
Matchday 12 happened on 6 November 2009 against Eintracht Frankfurt. Bayer Leverkusen won 4–0 with goals from Stefan Kießling, Stefan Reinartz, Toni Kroos, and Lars Bender. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 12 in first place. Matchday 13 happened on 22 November 2009 against Bayern Munich. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Mario Gómez scored for Bayern Munich. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 13 in first place. Matchday 14 happened on 29 November 2009 against VfB Stuttgart. Bayer Leverkusen won 4–0 with three goals from Stefan Kießling and a goal from Eren Derdiyok. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 14 in first place.
December and January.
Matchday 15 happened on 5 December 2009 against Hannover 96. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 15 in first place. Matchday 16 happened on 11 December 2009 against Hertha BSC. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. Toni Kroos and Burak Kaplan scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Adrián Ramos scored two goals for Hertha BSC. Gojko Kacar was sent-off during the match. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 16 in first place. Matchday 17 happened on 19 December 2009 against Borussia Mönchengladbach. Bayer Leverkusen won the match 3–2. Bayer Leverkusen got two goals from Toni Kroos and a goal from Eren Derdiyok. Roel Brouwers and Dante scored for Borussia Mönchengladbach. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 17 in first place. Matchday 18 happened on 16 January 2010 against Mainz. Bayer Leverkusen won 4–2. Michal Kadlec, Tranquillo Barnetta, Toni Kroos, and Eren Derdiyok scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Tim Hoogland and Niko Bungert scored for Mainz. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 18 in first place. Matchday 19 happened on 24 January 2010 against 1899 Hoffenheim. Bayer Leverkusen won 3–0 with goals from Sami Hyypiä, Toni Kroos, and Tranquillo Barnetta. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 19 in first place. Matchday 20 happened on 31 January 2010 against Freiburg. Bayer Leverkusen won 3–1. Stefan Kießling, Eren Derdiyok, and Sami Hyypiä scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Felix Bastians scored for Freiburg. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 20 in first place.
February.
Matchday 21 happened on 6 February 2010 against Bochum. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Eren Derdiyok scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Zlatko Dedić scored for Bochum. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 21 in first place. Matchday 22 happened on 13 February 2010 against Wolfsburg. Bayer Leverkusen 2–1. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 22 in first place. Matchday 23 happened on 21 February 2010 against Werder Bremen. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. Eren Derdiyok and Toni Kroos scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Claudio Pizarro and Per Mertesacker scored for Werder Bremen. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 23 in first place. Matchday 24 happened on 27 February 2010 against Köln. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 24 in second place.
March.
Matchday 25 happened on 7 March 2010 against Nürnberg. Bayer Leverkusen lost the match 3–2. This was Bayer Leverkusen's first loss of the season. Stefan Kießling and Patrick Helmes scored for Bayer Leverkusen. Nürnberg got two goals from Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting and a goal from Mickaël Tavares. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 25 in third place. Matchday 26 happened on 14 March 2010 against Hamburg. Bayer Leverkusen won the match 4–2. Bayer Leverkusen got two goals from Stefan Kießling, a goal from Eren Derdiyok, and a goal from Gonzalo Castro. Zé Roberto and David Rozehnal scored for Hamburg. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 26 in third place. Matchday 27 happened on 20 March 2010 against Borussia Dortmund. Borussia Dortmund won the match 3–0 with two goals from Lucas Barrios and a goal from Dimitar Rangelov. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 27 in third place. Matchday 28 happened on 27 March 2010 against Schalke. Schalke won 2–0 with two goals by Kevin Kuranyi. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 28 in third place.
April and May.
Matchday 29 happened on 3 April 2010 against Eintracht Frankfurt. Bayer Leverkusen lost 3–2. Stefan Kießling scored twice for Bayer Leverkusen. Eintracht Frankfurt got goals from Selim Teber, who scored from the penalty spot; Caio; and Maik Franz. Daniel Schwaab was sent-off during the match. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 29 in third place. Matchday 30 happened on 10 April 2010 against Bayern Munich. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Arturo Vidal scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Arjen Robben scored for Bayern Munich. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 30 in third place. Matchday 31 happened on 17 April 2010 against Stuttgart. Bayer Leverkusen lost the match 2–1. Stefan Kießling scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Cacau scored two goals for Stuttgart. Tranquillo Barnetta was sent-off during the match. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 31 in fourth place. Matchday 32 happened on 24 April 2010 against Hannover. Bayer Leverkusen won the match 3–0 with two goals from Stefan Kießling and a goal from Burak Kaplan. Bayer Leverkusen finished matchday 32 in fourth place. Matchday 33 happened on 1 May 2010 against Hertha BSC. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Manuel Friedrich scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Raffael scored for Hertha BSC. Bayer Leverkusen finished the matchday 33 in fourth place. Matchday 34, the final matchday, happened on 8 May 2010 against Borussia Mönchengladbach. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Patrick Helmes scored for Bayer Leverkusen and Roel Brouwers scored for Borussia Mönchengladbach. Bayer Leverkusen finished the league season in fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="56589541" url="?curid=56589541" title="The Last Man Who Knew Everything">
The Last Man Who Knew Everything

The Last Man Who Knew Everything (2006), written by Andrew Robinson, is a biography of the British polymath Thomas Young (1773–1829).
This biography is subtitled "Thomas Young, the Anonymous Polymath Who Proved Newton Wrong, Explained How We See, Cured the Sick, and Deciphered the Rosetta Stone, Among Other Feats of Genius", which gives a very brief idea of Young's polymathic career. It is divided into an introduction followed by 16 chapters describing Young’s life and work in approximate chronological order. Particular emphasis is given to Young's achievements in physics (e.g., Young's modulus), mathematics, physiology, medicine (e.g., Young's rule), linguistics, and Egyptology.
The book was published in hardback by Pi Press in the United States and by Oneworld Publications in the United Kingdom. It subsequently appeared in paperback editions. It has been featured on the BBC.
The book has been reviewed in a number of publications, including "The Guardian",
"The Independent",
"The Lancet",
"Publishers Weekly",
"The Spectator",
and "The Telegraph". PD Smith, writing for the Guardian, praised Robinson for taking on the challenge of researching such a polymath's life and calls the book "an excellent introduction to one of the most versatile minds of the 19th century". 

</doc>
<doc id="56589542" url="?curid=56589542" title="2018 Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting">
2018 Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56589543" url="?curid=56589543" title="Sinner's Parade">
Sinner's Parade

Sinner's Parade is a 1928 American silent crime film directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Victor Varconi, Dorothy Revier, and John Patrick. It is not known whether this film survives.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Harrison Wiley.

</doc>
<doc id="56589555" url="?curid=56589555" title="Edmonton North West">
Edmonton North West


</doc>
<doc id="56589570" url="?curid=56589570" title="Parkland shooting">
Parkland shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56589574" url="?curid=56589574" title="Youth March for Integrated Schools">
Youth March for Integrated Schools

Youth March for Integrated Schools may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56589581" url="?curid=56589581" title="Rosalie Varda">
Rosalie Varda

Rosalie Varda (born 28 May 1958) is a French costume designer, producer, writer and actress. She is perhaps best known for producing the documentary "Faces Places", directed by and starring her mother Agnès Varda, for which she received an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature nomination at the 90th Academy Awards in 2018. 

</doc>
<doc id="56589582" url="?curid=56589582" title="Memory the heart">
Memory the heart


</doc>
<doc id="56589591" url="?curid=56589591" title="1965 Paris–Tours">
1965 Paris–Tours

The 1965 Paris–Tours was the 59th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 10 October 1965. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Gerben Karstens.

</doc>
<doc id="56589593" url="?curid=56589593" title="2017 Scottish Women's Cup">
2017 Scottish Women's Cup

The 2017 SWF Scottish Cup is the national cup competition in Scottish women's football. All teams in the Scottish Women's Football League and SWPL 1 &amp; 2 are eligible to enter.
Final.
The final was played on Sunday, 26 November 2017. Kick off was at 4.10pm at the Tony Macaroni Arena, Livingston, West Lothian.
Hibernian won the final 3–0 against Glasgow City. It was their second Scottish Cup win in a row, defeating the same opposition. During the match, Hibs player Siobhan Hunter struck a 40-yard free kick into the top right corner of the Glasgow City goal for the second goal of the match; it won the "Women's Soccer United" goal of the month trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="56589595" url="?curid=56589595" title="Johnstown Jackals">
Johnstown Jackals


</doc>
<doc id="56589600" url="?curid=56589600" title="Giampaolo Vettolani">
Giampaolo Vettolani

Giampaolo Vettolani (born 27 December 1950) is an Italian astrophysicist, scientific director of the National Institute for Astrophysics in Rome (INAF) since 2012.
Biography.
In 1973 he graduated with a distinction in physics from the University of Bologna upon the thesis "The angular momentum of galaxies" ("Il momento angolare delle Galassie"), supervised by Giancarlo Setti.
Between 1974–1976 he was an assistant at the Institute of Astronomy at the University of Bologna. Later, in 1979–1980, he was Adjunct Professor and ran a degree course in astronomy.
From 1976 until 1988 he worked as a Researcher at the Institute of Radioastronomy (Istituto di Radioastronomia, IRA) of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche (CNR). There, in 1988–1991 he was the Senior Researcher, and from 1991 until 2011 he was the Research Executive. In 1984 he was a visiting scientist at the European Southern Observatory.
From 1994 until 1999 Vettolani was a member of the National Committee for Physical Sciences of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche. Approximately 30 research facilities were assigned to the Committee, with around 1500 researchers and technicians, in the fields of materials science, space physics, planetology, radioastronomy and atmospheric physics.
In 2005 his employer, the Institute of Radioastronomy, was incorporated into the National Institute for Astrophysics (Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica, INAF). Since 2002, Vettolani was the Director of the Projects Department of the National Institute for Astrophysics. He left the position in 2010, as he exhausted the second term and was not renewable. Since 2012 he holds the position of the National Institute for Astrophysics' scientific director.
Vettolani's main research field is observational cosmology, including photometric and spectroscopic surveys of galaxy clusters and superclusters for the study of the large-scale structure of the Universe and survey of weak radio sources. As of 2013, he published 128 research papers in international peer review journals. He made contributions to books "Wide-Field Spectroscopy" (as co-editor, Springer 1997) and "Catalogue Of Radial Velocities" (as co-author, Routledge 2001). As of January 2021, his works were cited 13,142 times, while his h-index was 58, according to Google Scholar. He made 137 contributions to scientific conferences.
He was a member of the ESO Commission of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy (1992–1998), a member of the Working Group of the Ministry of Economic Development for the implementation of the Italy–Australia Cooperation Agreement for the „SKA – Square Kilometre Array Project” (since 2009), Italian representative in the Observing Program Committee of the European Southern Observatory (1992–1999), a member of the Expert Group of the OECD-GlobalScience Forum for „Large-Scale Programs and Projects in Astronomy and Astrophysics” (2003–2004), a member of the International Committee for Astronomy in Canary Islands (2003–2006), a member of the Board of the Large Binocular Telescope (LBT) Corporation, Tucson, AZ (2003–2011), a member of the Board and Executive Committee of the I3 Opticon of the European Commission for the Coordination of Optical Astronomy in Europe (since 2003), a member of the Steering Committee for the Extremely Large Telescope project of the European Southern Observatory (FP6 and FP7 Design Studies, funded by the European Commission, since 2005), a member of the Board of the European Project Prep SKA (FP7 Preparation Study) for the RadiotelescopeSquare KilometerArray (2008–2011), a member of the Expert Group of the OECD-Global Science Forum „Establishing Large International Research Infrastructures” (2009), a member of the Funding Board of the European Cherenkov Telescope Array Project (since 2011), and an expert of the Agence de la mutation de la recherche et de l'enseignement superieur (AERES, 2011).
He was also a member of Advisory Committees and Scientific Committees for the production of telescopes and instrumentation such as, for example, the FUEGOS spectrograph for the Very Large Telescope (1991–1993, ESO), the VST telescope (Chairman SC 1996–1997, ESO-INAF), and the MODS spectrograph of the Ohio State University for the Large Binocular Telescope (2005).
He was also a member of Scientific Organizing Committees of national and international conferences and reviewer for magazines such as "Astronomy &amp; Astrophysics", "The Astronomical Journal" and "Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society".
Beside Italian, which is his mother tongue, he also speaks English, French and Spanish.
Vettolani is a distant relative of the Polish family Vetulani.

</doc>
<doc id="56589615" url="?curid=56589615" title="Bronfman youth fellowships">
Bronfman youth fellowships


</doc>
<doc id="56589617" url="?curid=56589617" title="Millom ARLFC">
Millom ARLFC


</doc>
<doc id="56589618" url="?curid=56589618" title="Stoneman Douglas">
Stoneman Douglas


</doc>
<doc id="56589623" url="?curid=56589623" title="Estrildinae">
Estrildinae


</doc>
<doc id="56589624" url="?curid=56589624" title="Jose Romeo Orquejo Lazo">
Jose Romeo Orquejo Lazo

Most Rev. Jose Romeo Orquejo Lazo is the thirteenth Ordinary of the Archdiocese of Jaro - the sixth to have the title of Archbishop. He was born in San Jose de Buenavista in Antique, in the Diocese of San Jose de Antique (Philippines), on 23 January 1949. Prior to studying for ordination to the priesthood he studied at St. Joseph Academy in his hometown.
Formation, Ordination, and Early Years in the Priesthood.
Archbishop Lazo began his training for the priesthood at St. Peter's Seminary in San Jose, Antique, studying Philosophy from 1966 to 1970. In 1970, he transferred to St. Francis Xavier Seminary in Davao City, where he finished his philosophical training in 1971. He continued to take Theological formation in the same seminary until 1973. The following year, he transferred to St. Vincent Ferrer Seminary in Jaro, Iloilo City, where he finished his priestly training in 1975. He received the Sacrament of Holy Orders, on 1 April 1975, being incardinated in the Prelature (later Diocese) of Antique.
Fr. Lazo began his ministry in Dao, Antique in 1975, where he later became the Parish priest until 1978. From 1978 to 1981, he taught at St. Peter's Seminary in Antique. He was given charge as Parish Priest of St. Peter's Parish from 1981-1983, while contemporaneously being in -charge of the Catechetical Institute of the Prelature of Antique.
He was appointed Rector of St. Peter's Seminary from 1983 to 1985; Parish Priest of Bugasong from 1985 to 1986; President of St. Anthony from 1986-1989; and Vicar General of the Diocese of Antique from 1987 to 1996. From 1996-1997, he spent a year of Sabbatical leave, doing post-graduate studies in Pastoral Theology in Berkeley, California, U.S.A. and, returning to Antique in 1997, he was nominated Parish Priest of Pandan. In 1997, Fr. Lazo was assigned as member of the Pastoral Team of the Assist Program of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines, and was given an added assignment as Spiritual Director of the Diocesan Seminary from October 2003.
Ministry as Bishop.
Fr. Lazo was appointed Bishop of Kalibo, on 14 November 2003, and was consecrated on 29 December of that year, by Archbishop Antonio Franco, Titular Archbishop of "Gallesium" and Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines. His Principal co-consecrators were Archbishop Angel Lagdameo, Archbishop of Jaro; and Bishop Romulo Tolentino de la Cruz, the Bishop of San Jose de Antique. He took possession of the See of Kalibo, on 8 January 2004. 
After six years as Ordinary of Kalibo, Monisgnor Lazo was named Bishop of of his home Diocese. During his term as Bishop of San Jose in Antique, in 2011, he consecrated Fr. José Salmorin Bantolo, priest of his Diocese, to succeed him in the Diocese of Kalibo. 
His Holiness Pope Francis, raised Bishop Lazo to the Metropolitan See of Jaro, on 14 February 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56589641" url="?curid=56589641" title="Motacillinae">
Motacillinae


</doc>
<doc id="56589653" url="?curid=56589653" title="Prunellinae">
Prunellinae


</doc>
<doc id="56589654" url="?curid=56589654" title="Jose Romeo Lazo">
Jose Romeo Lazo

Jose Romeo Orquejo Lazo is a Filipino Catholic clergyman who is the thirteenth Ordinary of the Archdiocese of Jaro, and the sixth to have the title of Archbishop. He was born on January 23, 1949 in San Jose de Buenavista, Antique to Juan P. Lazo and Fausta Orquejo, both now deceased, and was baptized on February 13 of the same year at the St. Joseph Parish of the same town.
Formation and ordination.
Lazo began his training for the priesthood at St. Peter's Seminary in San Jose, Antique, studying Philosophy from 1966 to 1970. In 1970 he transferred to St. Francis Xavier Seminary in Davao City, where he finished his philosophical training in 1971. He continued to take theological formation in the same seminary until 1973. The following year, he transferred to St. Vincent Ferrer Seminary in Jaro, Iloilo City, where he finished his priestly training in 1975. He received the Sacrament of Holy Orders, on 1 April 1975, being incardinated in the Prelature (later Diocese) of San Jose, Antique.
Priesthood.
Lazo began his ministry in Dao, in 1975, where he later became the parish priest until 1978. From 1978 to 1981, he taught at St. Peter's Seminary in Antique. He was given charge as parish priest of St. Peter's Parish from 1981-1983, while also being in charge of the Catechetical Institute of the Prelature of Antique.
Lazo was appointed rector of St. Peter's Seminary from 1983 to 1985; parish priest of Bugasong from 1985 to 1986; President of St. Anthony's College from 1986-1989; and Vicar General of the Diocese of Antique from 1987 to 1996. From 1996-1997, he spent a year of sabbatical leave, doing post-graduate studies in pastoral theology in Berkeley, California, USA, and, returning to Antique in 1997, he was nominated parish priest of Pandan. In 1997, Lazo was assigned as member of the pastoral team of the Assist Program of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP), and was given an added assignment as spiritual director of the diocesan Seminary from October 2003.
As bishop.
Lazo was appointed Bishop of Kalibo by Pope John Paul II on November 13, 2003 and assumed office after he was ordained bishop by Antonio Franco Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, together with the co-ordaining bishops, Angel N. Lagdameo and Romulo de la Cruz on December 29, 2003. He took possession of the see of Kalibo, on 8 January 2004.
On July 21, 2009 Lazo was appointed as the fourth Bishop of Antique by Pope Benedict XVI. During his term as Bishop of San Jose de Antique, in 2011, he consecrated Jose Corazon T. Tala-oc, priest of his diocese, to succeed him in the Diocese of Kalibo.
In the CBCP Lazo worked as vice chairman of the Commission on the Clergy (of which he remains a member) and a member of the Commission on Seminaries from 2013-2015.
On February 14, 2018, Pope Francis appointed Lazo as the 6th Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Jaro, taking possession of the see on April 17, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56589662" url="?curid=56589662" title="Kirriemuir railway station">
Kirriemuir railway station

Kirriemuir railway station served the burgh of Kirriemuir, Angus, Scotland from 1861 to 1965 on the Scottish Midland Junction Railway.
History.
The station opened on 12 August 1861 by the Scottish North Eastern Railway. The station was closed to passengers on 4 August 1952 and to goods traffic in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="56589684" url="?curid=56589684" title="Lucius Maecius Postumus">
Lucius Maecius Postumus

Lucius Maecius Postumus was a Roman senator, who held several offices in service to the emperor. He was suffect consul in the "nundinium" of July-August 98 as the colleague of Aulus Vicirius Martialis. Postumus is known entirely from inscriptions.
Postumus is also attested as a member of the Arval Brethren, and the dates he is recorded as attending their ceremonies in their surviving records, the "Acta Arvalia", provide some indication about his age. The "Acta" first mention his presence in January 69, and thus was admitted to that "collegia" before then. He is present over the following years through May 105; a gap in the "Acta Arvalia" follows, and when their records pick up again in the year 117 his name no longer appears. It can be surmised that Maecius Postumus died between those dates.
Life.
The origins of Postumus are disputed. In her doctoral dissertation, Sarah Hillebrand suggests he came from Gallia Narbonensis; however, John D. Grainger asserts Postumus was a native of Italy.
His "cursus honorum" is partially known from an inscription recovered at Antioch. The first office Postumus held was in the "decemviri stlitibus judicandis", one of the four boards that formed the "vigintiviri"; membership in one of these four boards was a preliminary and required first step toward gaining entry into the Roman Senate. This was followed by service as a military tribune in Legio XIII Gemina. After this, Postumus served as quaestor in attendance to the emperors Vespasian and Titus; in her doctoral dissertation Sarah Hillebrand dated this to the year 79, although Postumus could have held it any year Vespasian was emperor since his son Titus was considered his co-emperor. Upon completion of this traditional Republican magistracy Postumus would be enrolled in the Senate. The inscription breaks off after telling us he had been a plebeian tribune. 
Postumus' tenure as praetor can be deduced. This office was usually held when the Senator reached the age of 30, or in the year 84. It is unusual that 14 years separate this magistracy from his acceding to the consulate; the more normal time between the two offices was five to ten years. The reason for this might have been that Postumus was in disfavor with the emperor at the time, Domitian. Another is that Postumus may have refused to participate in service to Domitian, as had a number of other senators such as Quintus Corellius Rufus. One more office can be deduced for Postumus: "legatus legionis" or commander of one of the legions stationed in Syria, which would explain the presence of his inscription in that province.
Grainger notes the composition of the consuls selected for the year 98 is significant, as it was the first year where the emperor Nerva could select all of the men to accede to the consulate; he could not alter the composition of the previous year, which had been drawn up by the deceased Domitian, without gratuitously offending people. Although it was a largely ceremonial office, being consul for even part of the year bestowed much prestige in a status-preoccupied society. Yet the composition of that year is unusual, both in having twelve names -- far more than was usual for that decade -- and having Trajan as ordinary consul for six months. Five men thus were associated with Nerva's heir apparent for the first half of the year, while the second half is shared by three pairs of consuls. Grainger argues that Nerva's arrangement originally comprised the consuls of the second half, with Sextus Julius Frontinus likely as Nerva's original choice for a colleague; Grainger notes that Frontinus enjoyed a third consulate only two years later, and as ordinary consul, possibly to repay Frontinus for allowing Trajan to take his place in the original arrangement.
Where the consuls of the first half of 98 all are notable senators enjoying their second consulships, Grainger notes that the six populating the last half, such as Postumus, are "generally Italian nonentities, the professional senators who gained their posts by virtue of their wealth and lived on long enough to become governors of Asia or Africa when their turn came."
Postumus' life after his consulate until his death after the year 105 is presently a blank.

</doc>
<doc id="56589685" url="?curid=56589685" title="Anil Wadhwa">
Anil Wadhwa

Anil Wadha; born 26 May 1957 is an Indian civil servant who belongs to the Indian Foreign Service cadre. He has served as the Indian Ambassador to Italy, Poland, Oman and Thailand. He is currently a Senior Fellow &amp; Cluster Leader at the Vivekananda International Foundation in New Delhi.
Personal life.
Wadhwa holds a Master of Arts with a specialisation in Chinese History as well as Medieval Indian history and Architecture from the University of Delhi. He is married to Deepa Gopalan Wadhwa, who also belongs to the Indian Foreign Service. They have two sons.
Career.
Anil Wadhwa was a member of the Indian Foreign Service from 1 July 1979 to 31 May 2017. He has served at the Indian missions in Hong Kong, Beijing, Geneva, Warsaw, Muscat, Bangkok and Rome.
He has served as the Director/Joint Secretary at the Technical Secretariat of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, The Hague from July 1993 to July 2000.
He was also a United Nations Disarmament Fellow at Geneva from July to November 1989. During Wadhwa's tenure as the Indian Ambassador to Italy and San Marino, he served as the Indian Permanent representative to three Rome-based agencies of the United Nations: Food and Agriculture Organization, International Fund for Agricultural Development and World Food Programme.
Wadhwa has coordinated the evacuation of Indian nationals from Iraq, Yemen and Libya while serving as the Secretary (East) in the Ministry of External Affairs, India. He was also associated with the Operation Raahat.

</doc>
<doc id="56589688" url="?curid=56589688" title="1920 Drexel Dragons football team">
1920 Drexel Dragons football team

The 1920 Drexel Dragons football team represented Drexel Institute—now known as Drexel University—in the 1920 college football season. Led by William McAvoy in his first season as head coach, the team compiled a record of 0–6.

</doc>
<doc id="56589695" url="?curid=56589695" title="Robin Peeters">
Robin Peeters

Robin Peeters (born 30 March 1997) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Rupel Boom in the Belgian National Division 1. 
Peeters made his professional debut for OH Leuven on 8 January 2017 in the away match against Union SG.

</doc>
<doc id="56589703" url="?curid=56589703" title="Dura al Qar">
Dura al Qar


</doc>
<doc id="56589707" url="?curid=56589707" title="Et Taiyiba">
Et Taiyiba


</doc>
<doc id="56589708" url="?curid=56589708" title="Santa Barbara janolus">
Santa Barbara janolus


</doc>
<doc id="56589710" url="?curid=56589710" title="Nanotechnologist">
Nanotechnologist


</doc>
<doc id="56589717" url="?curid=56589717" title="Annie Falconer">
Annie Falconer

The Annie Falconer was a two masted schooner that sank in Lake Ontario in November 1904. The Falconer was laden with soft coal to be delivered to Picton.

</doc>
<doc id="56589730" url="?curid=56589730" title="Johnstown J Dogs">
Johnstown J Dogs


</doc>
<doc id="56589731" url="?curid=56589731" title="Derek Lyons">
Derek Lyons

Derek S. Lyons is an American attorney and former White House Staff Secretary and Counselor to the President in the administration of former U.S. President Donald Trump.
Education.
Lyons was a student of Strake Jesuit College Preparatory, from which he graduated in 2000. He went to Duke University, where he earned a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts in 2004.
In June 2007, Lyons was a student of Harvard Law School and worked as a Summer Associate at Gibson, Dunn &amp; Crutcher. Lyons graduated with a Juris Doctor in 2008.
Career.
In 2007 Lyons was admitted to the State Bar of Texas and the Bars of the District of Columbia and Federal Circuit in 2010. He started his professional career as a law clerk to Brett Kavanaugh, a former judge serving on the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and current Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court and a former White House Staff Secretary.
After his clerkship, he worked for Representative Jeb Hensarling as a legislative assistant. He then moved to the private sector, working as a senior litigation assistant for the law firm Gibson, Dunn &amp; Crutcher. His practice was mainly related to federal regulatory policy.
In May 2014, he went back to Capitol Hill, becoming General Counsel in the office of Senator Rob Portman. In this role, he accompanied Senator Portman to meetings of the Subcommittee on Investigations for the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
Lyons worked for the Jeb Bush 2016 presidential campaign. In February 2016, he joined the law firm Boyden Gray &amp; Associates.
From January 2017 to February 2018, Lyons worked at the White House as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Staff Secretary.
After the sudden departure of Rob Porter in February 2018, Lyons was promoted to acting White House Staff Secretary. In June he was formally appointed to the role on a permanent basis. Lyons oversaw, together with the White House Chief of Staff, the flow of information to the President.
In May 2020, Lyons was slated to serve as the Director of the United States Domestic Policy Council, but Lyons' appointment was derailed after influential "America First" conservatives voiced opposition due to his previous position with Jeb Bush's 2016 presidential bid and his consideration was withdrawn. Instead, he was promoted to the position of Counselor to the President, alongside Hope Hicks and Kellyanne Conway.

</doc>
<doc id="56589732" url="?curid=56589732" title="Conybeare's Textbook of Medicine">
Conybeare's Textbook of Medicine

Conybeare's Textbook of Medicine is a medical textbook. The first edition was published in 1929 and it reached its fifteenth edition in 1970, causing a reviewer to state the review was "superfluous". Another review stated it was "old-fashioned and readable...well written".
The doctor for whom the text is named is John Josias Conybeare, son of Frederick Cornwallis Conybeare. He was on the staff of Guy's Hospital from which he retired in 1953, and died in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="56589735" url="?curid=56589735" title="Kenneth R. Seddon">
Kenneth R. Seddon


</doc>
<doc id="56589739" url="?curid=56589739" title="L.A. Galaxy OC PSC">
L.A. Galaxy OC PSC


</doc>
<doc id="56589742" url="?curid=56589742" title="Kenneth Seddon">
Kenneth Seddon


</doc>
<doc id="56589744" url="?curid=56589744" title="Australian Capital Territory Football League">
Australian Capital Territory Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56589746" url="?curid=56589746" title="Magic Valley, ID">
Magic Valley, ID


</doc>
<doc id="56589748" url="?curid=56589748" title="Boloria caucasica">
Boloria caucasica

Boloria caucasica is a butterfly found in the East Palearctic (Caucasus , Transcaucasia, Turkey) that belongs to the browns family.

</doc>
<doc id="56589753" url="?curid=56589753" title="Licence to officiate">
Licence to officiate


</doc>
<doc id="56589757" url="?curid=56589757" title="Hélio Bicudo">
Hélio Bicudo

Hélio Pereira Bicudo (5 July 1922 – 31 July 2018) was a Brazilian jurist and politician.
Biography.
During the term of Carvalho Pinto as Governor of São Paulo, Bicudo was the first president of the Urubupungá Electric Centrals, builders of the Jupiá and Ilha Solteira power plants.
He was acting Minister of Finance, replacing Carvalho Pinto between 27 September and 4 October 1963.
As Justice Prosecutor of São Paulo, fought against the death squad, alongside the then Justice District Attorney Dirceu de Mello. Because of his participation in this case and other investigation of violation of human rights, he had his name included in the National Intelligence Service.
In 1981, became part of the 1st Executive Board of Directors of Wilson Pinheiro Foundation, foundation of partisan support instituted by the PT, predecessor of the Perseu Abramo Foundation.
In 1986, Bicudo was candidate to the Senate by the PT, placing 3rd, after the elected Mário Covas and Fernando Henrique Cardoso, both from the PMDB.
Was City Secretary of Legal Affairs of São Paulo during the administration of Luiza Erundina from 1989 to 1990, years which he was elected federal deputy.
On February 2000, he was sworn president of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, based in Washington. Is the third Brazilian to assume the presidency of the entity.
Hélio was Vice Mayor of São Paulo from 2001 to 2004, during the administration of Marta Suplicy.
One of the approximately 100 professor that founded the then called Workers' Party in Education and then the Workers' Party in 1980, which he was member until 2005, following the Mensalão scandal.
In 2010, declared support to Marina Silva in the first round and to José Serra in the second round. In 2012, supported Serra one more time for Mayor of São Paulo.
Created and presided, between 2003 and 2013, the Inter-American Foundation of Defence of the Human Rights (FidDH), entity that acted alongside the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, denouncing and following cases of disrespect of human rights in Brazil.
The complaints under his responsibility were transferred to the care of many other entities of the same objective. The closure of activities of the FidDH happened because of the lack of financial resources. Its library collection was donated to the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo in the same year in a solemn act.
In 2015, he filed in the Chamber of Deputies an impeachment request against president Dilma Rousseff. Jurist Miguel Reale Júnior and pro-impeachment social movements decided to support Bicudo's request, which got the support of parliamentaries in the Congress and the majority of the civil society, whom organized a petition requesting the impeachment of the President of the Republic, while other parliamentaries and member of the Workers' Party positioned themselves in the defence of the defendant President. Bicudo's request was, in the same year, accepted by the then President of the Chamber of Deputies Eduardo Cunha, after many meetings to instruct the claimants. In 31 August 2016, the impeachment request was approved by the Federal Senate in a voting 61-20, removing Rousseff from the Presidency and officializing Michel Temer as President of Brazil.
Bicudo died on 31 July 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56589767" url="?curid=56589767" title="Nameless Men">
Nameless Men

Nameless Men is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Claire Windsor, Antonio Moreno and Eddie Gribbon.

</doc>
<doc id="56589773" url="?curid=56589773" title="Ministry of Transport Construction (Soviet Union)">
Ministry of Transport Construction (Soviet Union)


</doc>
<doc id="56589783" url="?curid=56589783" title="Next to Me (Imagine Dragons song)">
Next to Me (Imagine Dragons song)

"Next to Me" is a song recorded by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. Written by all four members of the band and producer Alex da Kid, it was released through Kidinakorner and Interscope Records on February 21, 2018, as the fourth single from the band's third studio album "Evolve", appearing as the first track on a re-issue of the album.
Background and release.
The band first teased the song on February 14, 2018, with a tweet that contains the cover artwork, which features two people in a canyon. They captioned the picture: "2/21 the evolution begins." The single premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show as the day's "World Record", and was released alongside the announcement of extended summer tour dates.
"Next to Me" was referred to as the band's first love song. Dan Reynolds, lead singer of the song, admitted that it was an unexpected theme change in the interview with Lowe, saying: "Yeah I don't typically write love songs. I started writing when I was about 13 years old and it was a source of an escape from school from depression from feeling lost and it was never a romance. So for me this is some of the first times that I've really explored diving into my mind and musicality and sonicality of romance." He regarded it as "something everybody can relate to", which is the "feeling like you are going to fail sometimes in a relationship and the true value of a relationship is what happens then".
Music video.
An accompanying short film for the song was released on March 13, 2018. The video stars the lead singer, Dan Reynolds, and his wife, Aja Volkman. In the video, Aja leaves Dan due to his problems, leading to him attempting to sell his wedding ring. The clerk (Played by Wayne Sermon) tells him that the ring is not worth much, and in his anger, Dan attempts to rob and later kills the clerk. The rest of the video features a series of flashbacks while Dan is on death row, and his eventual execution.
Critical reception.
Ryan Reed of "Rolling Stone" opined that the band manages to "blend the experimental and accessible" on the track, writing that it "builds to an arena-worthy chorus with massive, choral-style backing vocals and electronic effects". Scott T. Sterling of CBS Radio deemed the song "a big and powerful ballad that highlights Reynolds soaring and impassioned vocals". Mike Wass of Idolator stated that the song features a "sleepy tempo".
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Imagine Dragons
Additional musician
Technical personnel

</doc>
<doc id="56589787" url="?curid=56589787" title="Valentina Cenni">
Valentina Cenni

Valentina Cenni (born 14 March 1982) is an Italian artist and actress.
Theatre.
Valentina Cenni was born in Riccione, Italy, and graduated at Rome's National Academy of Arts and London's Royal Academy of Dance. After completing her studies, she has been working mainly as an actress.
On stage she was directed by Fausto Paravidino in Harold Pinter's "The Birthday Party", and played Roxane in "Cyrano de Bergerac" and Desdemona in "Othello", directed respectively by Alessandro Preziosi and Luigi Lo Cascio. Cenni also performed at the Greek Theatre of Syracuse in Cristina Pezzoli's version of Sophocles' "Antigone", and starred as Clementina in "Aggiungi un posto a tavola", singing and dancing in Garinei and Giovannini's successful musical comedy. In 2016, she received the Vincenzo Cerami Award as Best Young Actress for her role in Giampiero Rappa's play "Nessun luogo è lontano". During the same year, she toured with "La Regina Dada", a show she co-wrote, directed and performed with Stefano Bollani.
Television.
With the Italian pianist and composer, Cenni also collaborated on other projects, directing the music video for Bollani's song "Arrivano gli alieni," as well as contributing to his Rai 1 TV show "L'importante è avere un piano" with the creation of the 7-short-story series "La fata del sonno". On television, she starred in Letizia Russo's drama "Babele" and acted in Giuseppe Gagliardi's series "Non uccidere", both aired on Rai 3. Her cinema roles include Micol in the romantic drama film "You Can't Save Yourself Alone", directed by Sergio Castellitto and starring Jasmine Trinca and Riccardo Scamarcio.
Besides classical ballet and modern dance – disciplines she has been studying for 18 years – her interests include several other arts. As a fire dancer, Cenni performs in the duo I fuochi di Bach, established in 2013 with cellist Enrico Melozzi. And as a photographer, she provided cover pictures for books published by Mondadori and albums released by ECM and Universal.

</doc>
<doc id="56589808" url="?curid=56589808" title="Armen A. Harutyunyan">
Armen A. Harutyunyan

Armen A. Harutyunyan (; born 1981) is an Armenian economist, who served as the Deputy Minister of Agriculture of Armenia in 2013-2018. Additionally, Harutyunyan has been a lecturer at the Agribusiness Educational Center from 2012 to 2014, and at the Yerevan State Medical University since 2018.
Armen Harutyunyan is an expert in behavioral economics and service platform development, currently working on analytics of decentralized payment systems. He served as the deputy minister for six years covering foreign relations, trade and investments. He is invited lecturer of behavioral economics, project management and food economics. Before joining government, he worked as an economist for five years. Armen has strong negotiations and communications skills, which has been mastered through regular interactions with officials, negotiators, investors, businessman and pundits from diverse cultures and backgrounds in more than thirty countries. He was engaged in free trade negotiations with European Union and Eurasian Economic Union.
Biography and career.
Armen Harutyunyan was born in 1981 in Yerevan. He holds finance and management degrees from Armenian National Agrarian University and Texas A&amp;M University (1998-2002), the Agribusiness Educational Center, a master's degree in Public Administration from the Academy of Public Administration of Armenia (2006–2009) and a master's degree in International Economic Development from the University of Bristol (2010–2011).
Harutyunyan started his career as an expert at the Agro-Science Department of the Armenian National Agrarian University in 2004. From 2004–2005 he continued as an expert of the Marketing Assistance Project (USDA-MAP). In 2005–2010, he was a coordinator of the Akhalkalak branch of the Georgian agricultural development project (USDA-MAP), and an economist at the Center for Agribusiness and Rural Development Foundation (CARD). In 2011–2012, Harutyunyan was the Project Monitoring and Evaluation Expert at CARD, and in 2012 he became Head of the Marketing and International Relations Department at the Armenian Harvest Promotion Center. From 29 October 2012 onwards, he has been the advisor to the Armenian Minister of Agriculture. On 30 October 2013, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Agriculture of Armenia. Since 2018, august Harutyunyan holds the position of Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Armenian National Agrarian University.
TEDx Yerevan.
Harutyunyan was a speaker at TEDx Yerevan TEDxSalon event in 2016 themed “Forum Magnum”, where he discussed the new prospectives of human capital and its key components, the importance of empowering and encouraging talent, skills, education, innovation, hard work and diligence for nurturing human capital everywhere.
Personal life.
Harutyunyan does not have a partner, and is not a member of a political party.

</doc>
<doc id="56589811" url="?curid=56589811" title="1966 Paris–Tours">
1966 Paris–Tours

The 1966 Paris–Tours was the 60th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 9 October 1966. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Guido Reybrouck.

</doc>
<doc id="56589814" url="?curid=56589814" title="Falcon Heavy test launch">
Falcon Heavy test launch


</doc>
<doc id="56589820" url="?curid=56589820" title="The Weavers of Nishijin">
The Weavers of Nishijin

, also known in English simply as Nishijin, is a 1961 Japanese short documentary film directed by Toshio Matsumoto. It starred Hideo Kanze as a Noh player. Film scholar Mitsuyo Wada-Marciano has written that the film's "depiction of a craftsmen's forced life in the traditional textile trade of Kyoto discloses the multiplicity of the Japanese as well as offering an instance to contemplate the role of cinema as the most popular culture at that time."

</doc>
<doc id="56589827" url="?curid=56589827" title="Ligand field parameters">
Ligand field parameters


</doc>
<doc id="56589829" url="?curid=56589829" title="SpellForce (series)">
SpellForce (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56589837" url="?curid=56589837" title="1962 Paris-Tours">
1962 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56589845" url="?curid=56589845" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics - 5 km classical">
Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics - 5 km classical


</doc>
<doc id="56589847" url="?curid=56589847" title="1965 Paris-Tours">
1965 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56589849" url="?curid=56589849" title="1962-63 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team">
1962-63 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56589851" url="?curid=56589851" title="2018 Alpine Skiing World Cup - Men's Slalom">
2018 Alpine Skiing World Cup - Men's Slalom


</doc>
<doc id="56589852" url="?curid=56589852" title="AIX for ANS">
AIX for ANS


</doc>
<doc id="56589853" url="?curid=56589853" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's pole vault">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's pole vault


</doc>
<doc id="56589859" url="?curid=56589859" title="Busan International Finance Center-Busan Bank station">
Busan International Finance Center-Busan Bank station


</doc>
<doc id="56589862" url="?curid=56589862" title="1956 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1956 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56589865" url="?curid=56589865" title="2018 Florida shooting">
2018 Florida shooting

2018 Florida shooting may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56589868" url="?curid=56589868" title="1957 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1957 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56589870" url="?curid=56589870" title="Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics - Women's 5 km">
Cross-country skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics - Women's 5 km


</doc>
<doc id="56589872" url="?curid=56589872" title="Kyungsung University-Pukyong National University station">
Kyungsung University-Pukyong National University station


</doc>
<doc id="56589875" url="?curid=56589875" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's high jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's high jump


</doc>
<doc id="56589876" url="?curid=56589876" title="Praesidium (bishopric)">
Praesidium (bishopric)

The diocese of Presidio (Latin: Dioecesis Praesidiensis) is a suppressed and titular see of the Roman Catholic Church.
History.
Presidium, identifiable with ruins at Henchir-Somâa in present-day Tunisia, is an ancient episcopal seat of the Roman province of Byzacena.
There are two bishops known from this diocese.
Today, Presidio survives as a titular see; the current titular bishop is Roger William Gries, former auxiliary bishop of Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="56589877" url="?curid=56589877" title="1966 Paris-Tours">
1966 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56589890" url="?curid=56589890" title="Resignation of Jacob Zuma">
Resignation of Jacob Zuma


</doc>
<doc id="56589908" url="?curid=56589908" title="Fried's rule">
Fried's rule


</doc>
<doc id="56589911" url="?curid=56589911" title="1967 Paris–Tours">
1967 Paris–Tours

The 1967 Paris–Tours was the 61st edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 8 October 1967. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Rik Van Looy.

</doc>
<doc id="56589916" url="?curid=56589916" title="Young's rule">
Young's rule


</doc>
<doc id="56589921" url="?curid=56589921" title="Lysiphragma howesii">
Lysiphragma howesii

Lysiphragma howesii is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Ambrose Quail in 1901. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56589937" url="?curid=56589937" title="Lake Interstate">
Lake Interstate

Lake Interstate is a fishing lake located in Michigan near the state's capitol, Lansing. The lake got its name because it is located about from Interstate 69. 
Overview.
Lake Interstate is a dock and shore fishing lake located southwest of Lansing. The lake features one fishing pier, on the southern section of the lake, though fishing from the shore is possible as well. The lake is available for residents to use year round, and there is no fee charged to enter. Typical fish found in the lake consist of catfish, largemouth bass, bullhead, sunfish, yellow perch, sucker and others. The lake is stocked with fish on occasion. Ice fishing is common on the lake during the winter months.
Lake Interstate Game Area.
Lake Interstate sits on Lake Interstate Game Area, 123 acres (50 ha) of land that include a trail and hunting opportunities. The land was given to the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) by the Department of Transportation, for wildlife management purposes. 

</doc>
<doc id="56589939" url="?curid=56589939" title="Yan Haiwang">
Yan Haiwang

Yan Haiwang (born 1939) is a People's Republic of China politician. He was born in Zhengzhou, Henan Province and educated in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province. He was governor of Gansu from January to September 1993 and Communist Party of China Committee Secretary of Gansu from September 1993 to 1998. He was an alternate member of the 14th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (1992–1997) and a full member of the 15th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (1997–2002) and 16th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (2002–2007). He was a delegate to the 8th National People's Congress (1993–1998) and 9th National People's Congress (1998–2003). He was a member of the 10th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (March 2003–March 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="56589944" url="?curid=56589944" title="Dura al Qar'">
Dura al Qar'


</doc>
<doc id="56589951" url="?curid=56589951" title="Taylor Fresh Foods">
Taylor Fresh Foods


</doc>
<doc id="56589985" url="?curid=56589985" title="Sabitzer, Thomas">
Sabitzer, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589986" url="?curid=56589986" title="Sadleir, Thomas">
Sadleir, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589987" url="?curid=56589987" title="Sadoski, Thomas">
Sadoski, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589988" url="?curid=56589988" title="Saikhom, Thomas">
Saikhom, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589989" url="?curid=56589989" title="Saisi, Thomas">
Saisi, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589992" url="?curid=56589992" title="Sakakihara, Thomas">
Sakakihara, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589993" url="?curid=56589993" title="Salamon, Thomas">
Salamon, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589994" url="?curid=56589994" title="Sales, Thomas">
Sales, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589995" url="?curid=56589995" title="Salisbury, Thomas">
Salisbury, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589997" url="?curid=56589997" title="Sallows, Thomas">
Sallows, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589998" url="?curid=56589998" title="Salme, Thomas">
Salme, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56589999" url="?curid=56589999" title="Saloni, Thomas">
Saloni, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590001" url="?curid=56590001" title="Salt, Thomas">
Salt, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590004" url="?curid=56590004" title="Sammons, Thomas">
Sammons, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590005" url="?curid=56590005" title="Sampson, Thomas">
Sampson, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590007" url="?curid=56590007" title="Sanchou, Thomas">
Sanchou, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590009" url="?curid=56590009" title="Recilia xenthocephalus">
Recilia xenthocephalus


</doc>
<doc id="56590011" url="?curid=56590011" title="Sanctuary, Thomas">
Sanctuary, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590014" url="?curid=56590014" title="Sandberg, Thomas">
Sandberg, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590015" url="?curid=56590015" title="Sandby, Thomas">
Sandby, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590016" url="?curid=56590016" title="Sandell, Thomas">
Sandell, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590018" url="?curid=56590018" title="Sandem, Thomas">
Sandem, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590020" url="?curid=56590020" title="Sanderling, Thomas">
Sanderling, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590022" url="?curid=56590022" title="Sanderson, Thomas">
Sanderson, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590023" url="?curid=56590023" title="Columbus Center (Manhattan)">
Columbus Center (Manhattan)


</doc>
<doc id="56590024" url="?curid=56590024" title="Sanderson-Wells, Thomas">
Sanderson-Wells, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590025" url="?curid=56590025" title="Sandford, Thomas">
Sandford, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590027" url="?curid=56590027" title="Sandys, Thomas">
Sandys, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590028" url="?curid=56590028" title="Sanner, Thomas">
Sanner, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590029" url="?curid=56590029" title="Sanon, Thomas">
Sanon, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590030" url="?curid=56590030" title="The Rush Hour">
The Rush Hour

The Rush Hour is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Marie Prevost, Harrison Ford and Seena Owen.

</doc>
<doc id="56590032" url="?curid=56590032" title="Sanzillo, Thomas">
Sanzillo, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590035" url="?curid=56590035" title="Sardorf, Thomas">
Sardorf, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590039" url="?curid=56590039" title="Northcote Leader">
Northcote Leader


</doc>
<doc id="56590047" url="?curid=56590047" title="Karataş (Tram İzmir)">
Karataş (Tram İzmir)

Karataş is a light-rail station on the Konak Tram of the Tram İzmir system in İzmir, Turkey. It is located along the Mustafa Kemal Coastal Boulevard in Karataş, Konak. The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks.
Karataş station opened on 24 March 2018. 
Connections.
ESHOT operates city bus service on İnönü Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="56590048" url="?curid=56590048" title="Goyases School Shooting">
Goyases School Shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56590051" url="?curid=56590051" title="1919 Drexel Dragons football team">
1919 Drexel Dragons football team

The 1919 Drexel Dragons football team represented Drexel Institute—now known as Drexel University—in the 1919 college football season. Led by W. L. Ridpath in this first and only season as head coach, the team compiled a record of 0–4.

</doc>
<doc id="56590060" url="?curid=56590060" title="Sargant, Thomas">
Sargant, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590061" url="?curid=56590061" title="Satinsky, Thomas">
Satinsky, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590063" url="?curid=56590063" title="Saumarez, Thomas">
Saumarez, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590065" url="?curid=56590065" title="Sautner, Thomas">
Sautner, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590066" url="?curid=56590066" title="2008 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2008 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590068" url="?curid=56590068" title="Sauvage, Thomas">
Sauvage, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590070" url="?curid=56590070" title="Sauvin, Thomas">
Sauvin, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590071" url="?curid=56590071" title="Savage, Thomas">
Savage, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590072" url="?curid=56590072" title="Savery, Thomas">
Savery, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590074" url="?curid=56590074" title="Savin, Thomas">
Savin, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590077" url="?curid=56590077" title="Savundaranayagam, Thomas">
Savundaranayagam, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590078" url="?curid=56590078" title="Say, Thomas">
Say, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590079" url="?curid=56590079" title="2009 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2009 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590081" url="?curid=56590081" title="Sbokos, Thomas">
Sbokos, Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="56590087" url="?curid=56590087" title="1963 Paris–Tours">
1963 Paris–Tours

The 1963 Paris–Tours was the 57th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 6 October 1963. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jo de Roo.

</doc>
<doc id="56590097" url="?curid=56590097" title="Ashtin Zamzow-Mahler">
Ashtin Zamzow-Mahler

Ashtin Zamzow (born August 13, 1996 in Goliad, Texas) is an American track and field athlete, known for multiple events. She was the 2015 Pan American Junior Champion in the heptathlon. She currently competes for the University of Texas.
NCAA.
Ashtin Zamzow is a Texas Longhorns track and field alum and won 4 Big 12 Conference titles. Ashtin Zamzow is a 1-time USTFCCCA NCAA Division I First-Team All-American (1 at Texas) and 2-time USTFCCCA Second-Team All-American at Texas.
Prep and Personal Life.
Ashtin Zamzow previously competed for Texas A&amp;M University, the alma mater of her parents, Kalleen Madden and Stacy Zamzow.
While at Goliad High School, she was the Texas UIL State Champion at 100 meters and 300 meters hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="56590104" url="?curid=56590104" title="Harry Levine (sociologist)">
Harry Levine (sociologist)

Harry Gene Levine (born April 1, 1945) is an American sociologist known for his research on alcohol and illicit drugs in American society. He is a professor of sociology at Queens College and the Graduate Center, CUNY. His work has included studies on marijuana arrests in New York City, which have found that such arrests are more common there than in any other city in the world, and that they were much more common from 1998 to 2007 than from 1988 to 1997. He has also found that over the 15 years leading up to 2011, far more of those arrested in New York City for marijuana possession were black (54%) than were Latino (33%) or white (12%). Levine's research has also found that during the period from 2002 to 2010, under the mayoralty of Michael Bloomberg, marijuana arrests by the NYPD increased significantly, and 87% of those arrested for marijuana were black or Hispanic.

</doc>
<doc id="56590106" url="?curid=56590106" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's long jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's long jump

The men's long jump event at the 1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 25 February in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56590109" url="?curid=56590109" title="2011 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2011 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590111" url="?curid=56590111" title="Nelcia Robinson">
Nelcia Robinson


</doc>
<doc id="56590113" url="?curid=56590113" title="2013 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2013 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590117" url="?curid=56590117" title="Nelcia Marshall Robinson">
Nelcia Marshall Robinson


</doc>
<doc id="56590118" url="?curid=56590118" title="2015 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2015 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590121" url="?curid=56590121" title="Ron Smith (ice hockey, born 1944)">
Ron Smith (ice hockey, born 1944)

Ron Smith (January 28, 1944 – January 2, 2017) was a professional ice hockey coach in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the National Hockey League (NHL). Smith held various coaching roles including head coach of the Binghamton Rangers of the AHL from 1991 to 1993 and was the interim head coach for the New York Rangers of the NHL in 1993. Smith was inducted into the Cambridge Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.
Early life and education.
Smith was born on January 28, 1944, in Galt, Ontario. He was an athlete on multiple teams during his education at Glenview Park Secondary School. He completed additional schooling at the University of Waterloo.
Career.
As a baseball player in 1964, Smith signed with the San Francisco Giants and played in the minor leagues for the Magic Valley Cowboys and the Decatur Commodores. After leaving baseball, Smith began his hockey career playing for the Galt Hornets from 1968 to 1974. Following his time with the Hornets, Smith started his coaching career. He led the Guelph Platers from 1975 to 1978 and was an assistant coach for the Buffalo Sabres in 1980. Later on, Smith worked with the Vancouver Canucks from 1981 to 1985 and the New Jersey Devils from 1986 to 1988. Smith returned to the Guelph Platers as their coach from 1989 to 1991 before becoming the coach for the Binghamton Rangers from 1991 to 1993.
Smith replaced Roger Neilson in January 1993 as an interim head coach for the New York Rangers during the 1992–93 NHL season. Smith was the Rangers coach for 44 games before being replaced by Mike Keenan in April 1993. Additional NHL teams that Smith was an assistant coach for include the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Carolina Hurricanes. With the Hurricanes, Smith was also a scout during the 2006 Stanley Cup and remained with the team until his retirement in 2014.
Outside of the NHL, Smith coached the Cincinnati Cyclones from 1995 to 2001 and the Lowell Lock Monsters from 2001 to 2004. Other non-coaching positions Smith held include a director role for the Canadian Olympic team and the Ontario Hockey Association.
Death.
Smith died on January 2, 2017, in Hamilton, Ontario.
Awards and honors.
In 2002, Smith was inducted into the Cambridge Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="56590124" url="?curid=56590124" title="Ferrovia della Valtellina">
Ferrovia della Valtellina

The Ferrovia della Valtellina (Valtellina railway) is a railway line in Italy that runs from Lecco to Valtellina and Valchiavenna. It was opened in 1894 and electrified on the three-phase system in 1902. It is now electrified at 3 kV direct current and operated by Trenord.
History.
The line was built in stages between 1885 and 1894. Two large railway companies dominated the area at the time. They were the Rete Adriatica (Adriatic network) and the Rete Mediterranea (Mediterranean network). with the opening of the Colico-Bellano section, on 1 August 1894 a complete railway service started.
Electrification.
The Valtellina railway is notable for being an early user of electric traction. It was the first in Italy and the first in the world to use high-voltage three-phase alternating current for rail traction. On 15 October 1902 the electrification began on the Lecco-Colico-Chiavenna and Colico-Sondrio sections with overhead power lines at 3,000 V, 15 Hz. The frequency was later raised to 15.8 Hz for reasons unknown. Finally, the voltage and frequency were raised to 3,600 V, 16.7 Hz, which became an Italian standard. Power was supplied by the Campovico hydroelectric plant.
The line is now electrified with 3 kV direct current.
The route.
The line was built with great technical daring but the Lecco-Colico-Chiavenna section now shows its age. Over the 40 kilometres to Colico there are 89 curves, 18 viaducts and 19 tunnels. However, the line, which runs along the eastern shore of Lake Como with its jagged coastline, offers passengers enchanting views of inlets in which can be seen patrician villas, lush vegetation and lake marinas.
Tirano station is an interchange point for travellers who want to go to Switzerland on the Rhaetian Railway, a narrow-gauge line, departing from the aforementioned station that follows a route that reaches 2,253 metres in height and the famous tourist station St. Moritz.
Traffic.
The line is used by regional trains of Trenord which run along the Sondrio-Lecco and Sondrio-Tirano routes (stopping at all stations), and from Regio Express trains - until 2007 called Diretti - of Trenord, many of which travel the entire Tirano route to Milan Central.
From December 2014, on public holidays and the month of August the Regional trains of Lecco-Sondrio terminate at Colico and are replaced by buses for the remaining section.
Rolling stock.
Historical.
Initially the rolling stock used, with three-phase alternating current, consisted of:
Recent.
More recently, compositions have been used, between Milan and Tirano, of an FS Class E.464 electric locomotive with 7 MDVC carriages [] and MDVC pilot, while the festive trains consist of FS Class ALe 803 electric multiple units or E.464 locomotives and low-floor carriages. Sometimes FS Class ALe 582 or, rarely, compositions of FS Class ALn 668 diesel railcars are used. From 2015 on the Milano Centrale-Tirano route, ETR 425 trainsets are used.

</doc>
<doc id="56590126" url="?curid=56590126" title="Nelcia Hazell">
Nelcia Hazell


</doc>
<doc id="56590153" url="?curid=56590153" title="Brighter Wounds">
Brighter Wounds

Brighter Wounds is the fifth studio album by Son Lux. It was released through City Slang on February 9, 2018. Music videos were created for "Slowly", "All Directions", and "The Fool You Need".
Critical reception.
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 77 based on 11 reviews. This indicated that it garnered "generally favorable reviews".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Son Lux
Additional musicians
Technical personnel

</doc>
<doc id="56590162" url="?curid=56590162" title="Aleksandr Krushelnitskiy">
Aleksandr Krushelnitskiy


</doc>
<doc id="56590169" url="?curid=56590169" title="1964 Paris–Tours">
1964 Paris–Tours

The 1964 Paris–Tours was the 58th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 11 October 1964. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Guido Reybrouck.

</doc>
<doc id="56590172" url="?curid=56590172" title="Bergün Filisur">
Bergün Filisur

Bergün Filisur is a municipality in the Albula Region in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged to form the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.
History.
Bergün.
Bergün/Bravuogn is first mentioned in 1209 as "de Bregonio".
Filisur.
Filisur is first mentioned in 1262 as "villa Fallisour".
Geography.
After the merger, Bergün Filisur has an area, , of .
Population.
The new municipality has a population () of .
Historic Population.
The historical population is given in the following chart. During construction of the Rhaetian Railway line the population of both communities increased significantly.
Weather.
Filisur has an average of 107.7 days of precipitation per year and on average receives of it. The wettest month is August during which time Filisur receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 11.7 days. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 6.5 days.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The municipal church and the "Chasa Jenatsch" with its barn in Bergün and the castle ruins of Greifenstein and the Schmittentobel-Landwasser Viaduct of the Rhaetian Railway in Filisur are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The villages and hamlets of Bravuogn, Latsch, Stugl and Filisur are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
The Albula Railway became a UNESCO World Heritage Site itself in 2008. It maintains the "Bahnmuseum Albula" at the Bergün train station. This railway museum documents the construction of the Albula line. Both former municipalities contain track of the Albula Railway
Transportation.
The municipality has three railway stations: , , and . All three are located on the Albula line with regular service to and . Filisur, at the junction with the Davos Platz–Filisur line, also has regular service to .

</doc>
<doc id="56590173" url="?curid=56590173" title="Genevieve Madeline Knight">
Genevieve Madeline Knight


</doc>
<doc id="56590174" url="?curid=56590174" title="2017 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship">
2017 CONMEBOL Beach Soccer Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56590176" url="?curid=56590176" title="Tailem Bend Solar Power Project">
Tailem Bend Solar Power Project

The Tailem Bend Solar Power Project is a solar power farm near Tailem Bend in South Australia. It has 108MW of generation capacity but is limited to supplying 95MW to the national grid. An additional 85MW is proposed in stage 2. It is developed and owned by Singapore-based Vena Energy, a new name for the former Equis Energy following acquisition by Global Infrastructure Partners in January 2018. The output will be sold to Snowy Hydro for retail sale under its Lumo Energy brand. Stage 2 is also expected to provide battery storage.
The solar farm covers of land with more than 390,000 photovoltaic solar panels. The panels are mounted on fixed-angle racks. The site is a joint development between Equis and Snowy Hydro. Snowy Hydro also had plans to establish a 28MW diesel generator at the site.
UGL Limited was contracted in February 2018 to build the first stage, which was expected to be connected to the power grid in the first quarter of 2019. A second stage to generate an additional 111MW is also being planned.
The Tailem Bend solar farm received its generation licence on 30 January 2019, and was expected to start commissioning in February, with full production from mid-April. Its theoretical capacity is 108MW, but the licence limits it to 95MW to ensure it can deliver reactive power to the grid. The 95MW Tailem Bend solar farm began production on 4 March 2019 and officially opened on 30 May 2019. Vena Energy expects to proceed with the completion of stage two of the Tailem Bend solar farm, which will be similar in scale to the first stage. Vena Energy also has plans for a Tailem Bend Battery Energy Storage Project. The plan for a nearby diesel generator has been dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="56590177" url="?curid=56590177" title="Bobby Olszewski">
Bobby Olszewski

Robert "Bobby O" Olszewski (born September 6, 1977) is an American politician. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 44th District which includes Windermere, Winter Garden, Gotha, Lake Buena Vista, Oakland, parts of Ocoee, and the Dr. Phillips, Horizon West, and Williamsburg communities in Southwest Orange County. The district contains Walt Disney World, Universal Studios Florida, SeaWorld, International Drive, and the Orange County Convention Center.
History.
After graduating from Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando, Olszewski earned an undergraduate double major from the University of Central Florida in Radio/Television (B.A.) and Organizational Communication (B.A.), as well as two master’s degrees in Management (M.S.) from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, and Corporate Communication &amp; Technology (M.A.) from Rollins College. Dr. Olszewski also earned a Ph.D. in Business Administration from Northcentral University. Olszewski later served as a City Commissioner in Winter Garden. He was first elected with 71 percent of the vote, and ran unopposed for his second term. In addition to his service in the Florida House, Dr. Olszewski professionally serves as the Florida Partnership Consultant for Special Olympics Florida.
Florida House of Representatives.
After Eric Eisnaugle was appointed by Governor Rick Scott to serve as a judge on Florida's Fifth District Court of Appeal, Olszewski won the Republican primary in the special election. In the general election, he won with 56 percent of the vote.
In 2018, Olszewski ran for reelection to the House, being challenged by former state senator Geraldine Thompson. Thompson went on to defeat Olszewski in the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56590185" url="?curid=56590185" title="Utushka lugovaya">
Utushka lugovaya

"Utushka lugovaya" (,  "A Little Meadow Duck") is an ancient Russian folk song.
Synopsis.
A young woman or maiden, also called "utushka lugovaya", spends a night in the wood (or in the meadow), near a willow. Several young men pass by and make several gudocheks – each makes one for himself. The maiden asks the gudocheks not to tinkle, not to wake her (however, in some versions, her father) up.
Commentary.
Historical background.
According to Alexander Tereshchenko, ″Utushka lugovaya″ could be performed during traditional Russian marriage celebrations. Pavel Svinyin wrote that the Don Cossacks used the song in matchmaking.
Some researchers consider that image ("Utushka lugovaya"/ "Young duck") as a traditional image of the young woman or bride.
Genre characteristics.
A number of sources mention the song as a "plyasovaya" or a "khorovodnaya". Alexander Potebnja regards it – for its time signature – as an example of the so-called "summer" or "spring" songs.
Settings and performance.
Before 1792, Vasily Pashkevich created for his third opera a theme based on the song. In the following two centuries, many composers (such as P. I. Tchaikovsky, Nikolai Rimsky‑Korsakov, Anatoly Lyadov, Alexander Ivanov‑Kramskoi) arranged "Utushka lugovaya".
The song appeared in the repertoires of Lidia Ruslanova, Lyudmila Zykina, Alexandra Strelchenko, and other famous Russian folk singers.

</doc>
<doc id="56590202" url="?curid=56590202" title="1st Ekaterinburg Jewish Film Festival">
1st Ekaterinburg Jewish Film Festival


</doc>
<doc id="56590204" url="?curid=56590204" title="Julie Yeh">
Julie Yeh

Yeh Feng (; born 19 October 1937), also known as Julie Yeh Feng, is an actress, singer and businesswoman. She starred in various films throughout the 1950s and 1960s, and is considered to have been one of Hong Kong's biggest stars of the period.
Biography.
Yeh was born as Wang Jiuling in Hankou, Hubei, Republic of China. Yeh's family moved to Taiwan in 1948. She was cast in a 1954 film in Taiwan that never reached production, after which the directors Li Han-hsiang and Li Zuyong recommended her and she was signed to Motion Pictures and General Investment (MP&amp;GI). Yeh made her screen debut in 1957 in the musical "Our Sister Hedy", which tells the story of four sisters and their sibling rivalries.
Yeh left MP&amp;GI in 1962, after which she signed with the Shaw Brothers Studio, one of the largest production companies in Hong Kong. She retired in 1969, but made a cameo in frequent co-star Lin Cui's 1975 comedy. Yeh currently works as a businesswoman.
Personal life.
In 1961, Yeh married Chang Yang, an actor. In 1965, Yeh divorced from Chang Yang.

</doc>
<doc id="56590207" url="?curid=56590207" title="Abderrahman Samba">
Abderrahman Samba

Abderrahman Samba (born 5 September 1995) is a Qatari male track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles. He was born and grew up in Saudi Arabia but chose to represent Mauritania – his father's homeland – before eventually switching allegiance to Qatar and moving to Doha in 2015. He became eligible to compete for his adopted country in May 2016. He was the second person to run the 400m hurdle event in less than 47 seconds.
Samba placed seventh at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics on his global debut. He appeared suddenly on the elite athletics scene, having run modest sprint times in 2016 before winning the 400 m hurdles race at the Qatar leg of the 2017 IAAF Diamond League, beating Olympic champion Kerron Clement. He ranked eighth in the world that season with his new personal best of 48.31 seconds.
In February 2018, he won a 4 × 400 metres relay gold medal with a Qatari team of Mohamed Nasir Abbas, Mohamed El Nour and Abdalelah Haroun at the Asian Indoor Athletics Championships. Then, in the Summer season, he ran the 400 m hurdles in 46.98, the second fastest time ever, at the Meeting de Paris. and won two gold medal at the Asian Games in Indonesia in 400 metres hurdles and 4 × 400 metres relay.
In April 2019, he won the gold medal in the 2019 Asian Athletics Championships in 400 hurdles and, after being injured through Summer, in October the bronze medal at the World Athletics Championships. He was elected best athlete in Asia at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="56590225" url="?curid=56590225" title="Barbara Bagenal">
Barbara Bagenal


</doc>
<doc id="56590226" url="?curid=56590226" title="Lists of South African people">
Lists of South African people


</doc>
<doc id="56590233" url="?curid=56590233" title="Casinycteris campomaanensis">
Casinycteris campomaanensis


</doc>
<doc id="56590236" url="?curid=56590236" title="South African atheists">
South African atheists


</doc>
<doc id="56590239" url="?curid=56590239" title="Barbara Hiles Bagenal">
Barbara Hiles Bagenal


</doc>
<doc id="56590243" url="?curid=56590243" title="1968 Paris–Tours">
1968 Paris–Tours

The 1968 Paris–Tours was the 62nd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 6 October 1968. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Guido Reybrouck.

</doc>
<doc id="56590252" url="?curid=56590252" title="Yeh Feng">
Yeh Feng


</doc>
<doc id="56590259" url="?curid=56590259" title="Yip Fung">
Yip Fung


</doc>
<doc id="56590264" url="?curid=56590264" title="Mildred García">
Mildred García

Mildred García is the current president of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU) in Washington, D.C.
Early life.
García was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York. She is a first-generation college student.
Education.
García earned an A.A.S. from New York City Community College, a B.S. in Business Education from Baruch College, City University of New York, a M.A. in Business Education/Higher Education from New York University; an M.A. in Higher Education Administration from Teachers College, Columbia University; and a Doctor of Education degree, also from Columbia.
Career.
Garcia held academic positions at Arizona State University; Montclair State University; Pennsylvania State University; Teachers College, Columbia University; and at the Hostos, LaGuardia, and City Colleges of City University of New York.
García became the first system-wide president of Berkeley College in 2001 and served until 2007. From 2007-12, García was president of CSU Dominguez Hills—the 11th female president and first Latina president in the California State University system. From 2012-18, she held the post of president of CSU Fullerton.
García is currently the president of AASCU, a Washington, D.C.-based higher education association of 400 public colleges, universities, and systems; she officially began her position on Jan. 22, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56590270" url="?curid=56590270" title="Boomerang (Wanna One song)">
Boomerang (Wanna One song)

"Boomerang" is a song by South Korean boy band Wanna One. The song serves as the lead single of their album, "0+1=1 (I Promise You)".

</doc>
<doc id="56590276" url="?curid=56590276" title="Tekashi">
Tekashi


</doc>
<doc id="56590281" url="?curid=56590281" title="Enrico Pestellini">
Enrico Pestellini

Enrico Pestellini (18381916) was an Italian painter, active in Florence, Tuscany.
Biography.
It is unclear where he trained, but he worked alongside the sculptor Odoardo Fantacchiotti. He was a friend of the Macchiaioli, and had a studio on via Panicale in Florence. He painted both portraits and intimate subjects. Including paintings titled "La trecciaiuola". In 1880, at the Esposiziono Donatello of Florence, he exhibited a portrait. In 1886, he exhibited in Livorno a half-figure portrait, and other works, including an organ curtain (sipario) titled Regina angelorum, ora pro nobis. In 1887, in Venice he exhibited "La sorella maggiore".

</doc>
<doc id="56590287" url="?curid=56590287" title="Northumbria (disambiguation)">
Northumbria (disambiguation)

Northumbria was an Anglo-Saxon kingdom in early medieval England.
Northumbria or Northumbrian may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56590292" url="?curid=56590292" title="Avrupa">
Avrupa

Avrupa is a daily newspaper published in Northern Cyprus. Its chief editor is Şener Levent. It supports the reunification of Cyprus and espouses left-wing values, being characterised in scholarship as radical left.
History.
"Avrupa" and the presidency of Denktaş.
The newspaper was first published on 17 September 1997 using the name "Avrupa" ("Europe" in Turkish). It opposed the policies of Rauf Denktaş, President of Northern Cyprus at the time, as well as the role Turkey played at the Cyprus problem. This resulted in the newspaper in over 100 lawsuits against the newspaper and attempts to close it down by confiscation of its property.
On 29 December 1999, the newspaper was fined 120 billion Turkish liras (TL) as a result of lawsuits filed by Denktaş. With the contribution of inflation, the fines reached a total of 200 billion TL in 2001. It was also claimed that the newspaper did not pay its taxes and some of its equipment was confiscated for this reason in November 2001. On 12 December 2001, all property in the newspaper's offices was confiscated and all income that would be generated from sales was seized through the distributing company YAYSAT. In addition, Levent claimed that some members of his journalistic team had been "taken to some place" and threatened by a group that called itself the "National People's Movement".
Annan Plan attack.
On November 6, 2004, the newspaper's office was attacked by a crowd of 60 nationalists because of its support for the recently failed Annan Plan. The protestors chanted various slogans and death threats while throwing eggs, with the most prominent slogans being "Don't test our patience Afrika", "May the hands break of those who get in the way of Turks" and "We will make your fate worse than the Greeks".
Afrin headline.
On January 21, 2018, the newspaper attained controversy in Turkey due to its criticism of the Turkish-led Afrin operation, with the headline being "Yet Another Invasion by Turkey". The article included references and a likening of the operation to the Turkish invasion of Cyprus. Following Erdoğan's provocative remarks about the newspaper, suggesting that "his compatriots in Northern Cyprus should give the necessary response to this", a crowd of 500 protesters vandalized the newspaper's offices by hurling eggs, stones and water bottles. The police, who were at the scene, watched the incident and did not intervene. Mustafa Akıncı, President of Northern Cyprus, condemned the attack and went to the site during the rally to request extra security for the newspaper, only to be attacked by the crowd himself. A "March for Peace and Democracy" was organized by civil society in response to the attack. 

</doc>
<doc id="56590301" url="?curid=56590301" title="Pascal Bonafoux">
Pascal Bonafoux

Pascal Bonafoux (born 1949) is a French writer, novelist, art critic and art historian, a specialist in self-portraiture. He collaborates with various newspapers and magazines, he is the author of numerous essays dedicated to art and was a resident at the French Academy in Rome. He is professor of art history at Paris 8 University, and is also a curator who organises exhibitions either in France or abroad.
Biography.
Bonafoux was born in Paris in 1949. After his doctoral dissertation (‘Self-Portrait in Western Painting’), he resided at the Villa Medici in Italy from 1980 to 1981, where he wrote essays for the French Academy in Rome and fell in love with this country – the genius of Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo or Giuseppe Verdi; the beauty of its churches and palaces; the charm of its squares, terraces and alleys. Since then, he has continued to travel the peninsula to explore its rich art and culture.
From 1987 to 1988, he directed the exhibition office of , which is a delegated operator of the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs. He has curated various exhibitions devoted to Rembrandt, Van Gogh, Renoir and Monet, as well as those dedicated to the works of contemporary artists in Bratislava, Dublin, Prague, Tel Aviv, East Asia, et cetera. In 1988 and 1990, he chaired the jury of the first two biennials of film about art at Centre Georges Pompidou.
He became a councillor of several Slovakian ministers of culture after Czechoslovakia’s Velvet Revolution in 1989, he received the (‘Prize of the Minister of Culture of the Slovak Republic’) in 1991.
As a journalist, he has collaborated with various newspapers and magazines, including ', "L'ŒIL", "L'OBS", "Le Magazine Littéraire", "Le Monde" … He is currently a columnist of the French magazine '.
Bonafoux is also a professor who teaches art history at the Paris 8 University and has been leading conferences on topics related to art history for the reference organisation Clio, to quality audiences as well as to amateurs and the curious.
He has published more than 20 books at Éditions Gallimard, including , a heavily illustrated book for the pocket collection "Découvertes Gallimard", which was one of the bestsellers in France.

</doc>
<doc id="56590305" url="?curid=56590305" title="1969 Paris–Tours">
1969 Paris–Tours

The 1969 Paris–Tours was the 63rd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 29 September 1969. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Herman Van Springel.

</doc>
<doc id="56590308" url="?curid=56590308" title="Alaska brome">
Alaska brome


</doc>
<doc id="56590309" url="?curid=56590309" title="Winston Churchill's October 5th Speech to the House of Commons">
Winston Churchill's October 5th Speech to the House of Commons


</doc>
<doc id="56590311" url="?curid=56590311" title="L'Œil">
L'Œil


</doc>
<doc id="56590317" url="?curid=56590317" title="First Peoples (television series)">
First Peoples (television series)


</doc>
<doc id="56590318" url="?curid=56590318" title="ISIRI 9147">
ISIRI 9147

ISIRI 9147 is the Iranian national standard for Persian keyboard layout, based on ISIRI 6219 and the Unicode Standard. It was published on 2007-04-08, under the title "Information technology – Layout of Persian letters and symbols on computer keyboards", by Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI).

</doc>
<doc id="56590326" url="?curid=56590326" title="The Update Framework (TUF)">
The Update Framework (TUF)

The Update Framework (TUF) is a software framework designed to protect mechanisms that automatically identify and download updates to software. TUF uses a series of roles and keys to provide a means to retain security, even when some keys or servers are compromised. It does this with a stated goal of requiring minimal changes and effort from repository administrators, software developers, and end users. In this way, it protects software repositories, which are an increasingly desirable target for hackers.
A software update, sometimes referred to as a patch, can add functionalities and address flaws in existing code. Unfortunately, in delivering updates to neutralize flaws, these systems can unintentionally introduce vulnerabilities that, in turn, can be exploited by attackers.
The design of TUF acknowledges that all software repositories will likely be compromised at some point, so any security strategy must be prepared for that scenario. TUF-enabled systems focus on limiting the impact of attacks and providing a mechanism for recovery. This strategy of “compromise-resilience” improves on existing methods based on keysigning by incorporating techniques, such as separation of signing duties and setting a threshold number of required signatures. Dividing the responsibility for authenticating a file or image ensures no single hacker can compromise the system. It also helps to ensure that keys used to perform a sensitive action can be stored in a secure, offline manner. Even if one party—or the repository itself—is compromised, the number of projects affected will be limited.
To date, the list of tech companies and organizations using TUF include IBM, VMware, Digital Ocean, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Leap, Kolide, Docker, and Cloudflare.
The technology that evolved into TUF was first developed at the University of Washington in 2009 by Justin Samuel and Justin Cappos, and its principles were first discussed in a paper Samuel and Cappos coauthored with Nick Mathewson and Roger Dingledine, researchers from The Tor Project, Inc.. Since 2011, TUF has been based at New York University Tandon School of Engineering, where Cappos continues to work with a team of graduate students and programmers in the Secure Systems Lab to supervise its maturation, development and integration into production use across different communities.
One of the more significant earlier adoptions of TUF in the open-source community was by Docker Content Trust, an implementation of the Notary project from Docker that deploys Linux containers. Notary, which is built on TUF, can both certify the validity of the sources of Docker images, and encrypt the contents of those images. Through Notary Content Trust, TUF also secures operations for Microsoft Azure.
Since 2017, both Notary and TUF have been hosted by the Linux Foundation under the Cloud Native Computing Foundation. Cappos remains with the project as consensus builder. In December 2019, TUF was awarded “graduate” status within the organization, signifying that it has completed a series of steps needed to move the project to the highest level of maturity in the CNCF. These steps included completing an independent third party security audit, adopting the CNCF Code of Conduct, and explicitly defining a project governance and committer process. TUF became both the first security project and the first project led by an academic researcher to graduate within CNCF.
Because it was designed for easy adaptation, versions of TUF have been created in a number of programming languages. It has been independently implemented in the Go language by Flynn, an open-source platform as a service (PaaS) for running applications in production. Implementations of TUF have also been written in Haskell, Ruby and Rust. A Rust version called Tough was created by Amazon Web Services Labs for use with on-demand cloud computing platforms and APIs . Google has also implemented a version of TUF to secure its open source operating system, Fuchsia.
In 2017, an adaptation of this technology called Uptane, designed to protect computing units on automobiles, was named one of the top security inventions for 2017 by Popular Science.

</doc>
<doc id="56590331" url="?curid=56590331" title="Spotted beet webworm">
Spotted beet webworm


</doc>
<doc id="56590332" url="?curid=56590332" title="Spotted beet webworm moth">
Spotted beet webworm moth


</doc>
<doc id="56590338" url="?curid=56590338" title="Fiavè">
Fiavè


</doc>
<doc id="56590340" url="?curid=56590340" title="Deir Ibzi'">
Deir Ibzi'


</doc>
<doc id="56590341" url="?curid=56590341" title="Rebecca Copin">
Rebecca Copin

Rebecca Copin (born Rebecca Cobb 1796 in Kanawha, Virginia – 1881 in Kanawha) is known for attempting to poison her husband, John Copin, with arsenic. In addition, according to John Copin's petition for divorce in 1835, she also scalded him with boiling water, threatened to shoot him, and beat him with his own crutches when his leg was broken.
While arsenic poisoning was known as a common way for wives to kill husbands in England in the early to mid 1800s, Rebecca Copin's case is one of the earliest documented cases of attempted murder by a wife of her husband using arsenic in the United States, and also an early documented case of domestic violence in the legal system of the United States.
While the jury found that Rebecca Copin had indeed tried to murder John Copin, John Copin's petition for divorce was not granted. The jury also did not address any of the factors that may have led Rebecca Copin to attempt to murder John Copin.

</doc>
<doc id="56590342" url="?curid=56590342" title="TJ Holmes (athlete)">
TJ Holmes (athlete)

Timothy Lamont "TJ" Holmes (born July 2, 1995) is an American male track and field athlete who specializes in the 400-meter hurdles.
Born in St. Petersburg, Florida to Terrell Holmes and Elizabeth Carswell, he attended Lakewood High School and took up hurdling while there. He went on to attend Baylor University, studying sports medicine.
He transferred to University of Florida for the start of the 2014/15 academic year back to his home state and joined the Florida Gators track and field. While at Baylor he was an NCAA finalist in the 400m hurdles and the 4 × 400-meter relay. Holmes also received a bronze medal at the 2014 World Junior Championships held in Eugene, Oregon. At Florida, he completed a hurdles 1–2 at the 2016 NCAA Outdoor Championships behind teammate Eric Futch.
Third place at the 2017 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships led to his global senior debut at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics, where he finished in fifth place in a time of 49.00 seconds.
In 2018, Holmes made his debut on the professional circuit (placing 4th in each Diamond League race), which qualified him to compete in the Diamond League Final. Due to injury, he finished last and discontinued the rest of his season. After an amazing 2018 season, Holmes was ranked #1 in the U.S and #6 in the World, according to Track and Field News.
Holmes qualified for his 2nd World Championships Team in 2019, after placing 2nd at U.S Champs. Tj progressed his way to the finals, and placed Top 5 in the World once again. 
In 2020-2021, Holmes dealt with many injuries (fractured sesamoid bone &amp; a torn tendon on his right foot), but he continued to pursue his dreams. While competed at the 2021 Track and Field Olympic Trials, he was injured in the semi-final round. This was such a devastating sight to see, being that he ran well in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="56590347" url="?curid=56590347" title="'Ein 'Arik">
'Ein 'Arik


</doc>
<doc id="56590348" url="?curid=56590348" title="September 11 stickleaf">
September 11 stickleaf


</doc>
<doc id="56590352" url="?curid=56590352" title="First Peoples (TV program)">
First Peoples (TV program)

First Peoples is a five-part PBS television documentary program about the first people on the Earth. The program aired in 2015. It shows how humans reached each continent, focusing on various fossil discoveries and placing them into the context of what research has discovered about pre-modern human migration. The program includes interviews with many of the researchers involved in these studies, such as geneticists Svante Pääbo and Eske Willerslev and anthropologists John D. Hawks and Nicole Waguespack.

</doc>
<doc id="56590353" url="?curid=56590353" title="Tim Holmes (athlete)">
Tim Holmes (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56590354" url="?curid=56590354" title="Nine-eleven blazingstar">
Nine-eleven blazingstar


</doc>
<doc id="56590360" url="?curid=56590360" title="Bonafoux, Pascal">
Bonafoux, Pascal


</doc>
<doc id="56590364" url="?curid=56590364" title="List of people who supported eugenics">
List of people who supported eugenics


</doc>
<doc id="56590378" url="?curid=56590378" title="Tall green milkweed">
Tall green milkweed


</doc>
<doc id="56590380" url="?curid=56590380" title="Nicolas Babin">
Nicolas Babin

Nicolas Babin (born April 9, 1966) is a French businessman, specialized in gamification, as well as technological innovation. He is best known for being the former CEO of Sony Europe in several departments, including robotics. He is currently at the head of Babin Business Consulting.
Early life and career.
Nicolas Babin studied at the École supérieure des ingénieurs commerciaux de Bordeaux in computer science. He is the holder of a master in Sales-Marketing.
He began his career in 1989 for BNP Paribas as a programmer in San Francisco. He moved to California as a result. In 1992, he left BNP Paribas in order to take the head of the French and German branches for Atwork Health Systems. He then left Atwork in order to take the head of Administration for Cats Software US, thus moving to Palo Alto, in California. He notably contributed to its IPO, before becoming the Managing Director EMEA for Cats Software in London.
Career.
The Sony Years (1997-2008).
Nicolas Babin began his career for Sony in 1997, where he became the Managing Director for Sony Europe for Etak a unit of the Sony group specialized in digital mapping in London.
In 2001, while living in Brussels and being the Managing Director for Sony Entertainment Robot Europe, he contributed to the launch of AIBO, Sony's robotic pets. In 2004 he became the Director of Corporate Communications Sony Europe in Berlin and contributed to the marketing of the most recent Sony products. In 2005, he also contributed to the launch of the PSP in Europe.
In 2006, during the battery recall controversy that Sony faced (some notebook computers from brands like Toshiba, Dell, Lenovo or Apple were provided with built-in lithium batteries that could provoke fire due to overheating, causing property damage or minor burns, forcing Sony to initiate the biggest recall policy in the world at the time), Nicolas Babin was heavily involved in the crisis management.
Technological innovations (2008-2017).
Nicolas Babin left Sony in 2008 in order to join AT Internet, a French company specialized in web analytics, becoming the company Chief Operating Officer. He occupied this post during the Google bug in 2009, or when Microsoft allowed other browsers on their machines. In 2010, he became the Managing Director of the Groupe Concoursmania in France, specialized in online competition and marketing gaming.
He notably managed the IPO process of the Groupe Concoursmania, as well as its development in Europe.
He then joined Neopost in 2013, a French company specialized in franking machines or postage meters as the marketing Director and as the head of the group of Digital Solutions. He then left Neopost in 2017.
Nicolas Babin is also a board member of several companies, including Commanders Act, Maxicoffee or GamFed, a company he founded in 2012 in order to develop gamification.
Consulting (2017-).
In March 2017, Nicolas Babin founded his own company Babin Business Consulting, specialized in consulting, marketing, innovations and business development, which he presides since then.
Nicolas Babin is also the cofounder of Mirambeau AppCare, which product includes DiabiLive, an app allowing diabetics to better cope with their disease, thanks to a personalized monitoring of food and exercise, an optimized insuline dosage management and also a panic button in case of emergency. He also manages the international development of this app, notably in the United States, where they are waiting the Food and Drug Administration authorization to be available, but also in Japan, in Canada or in the United Arab Emirates, where it was notably showcased in the Arab Health trade show. Diabilive won several prizes including the French Concours Lépine, rewarding innovation in 2016, as well as the Consumer Electronics Show Innovation Award in 2018. In addition to diabetes, Nicolas Babin is looking to expand this concept to others debilitating diseases.
Since 2020, Babin works as a consultant for several companies, like Huawei, Google or IBM, as a specialist in all matters concerning artificial intelligence or 5G. He is also a regular participant in international conferences on those topics, as well as gamification, digital disruption and leadership.
Other professional activities.
Nicolas Babin also gave lectures related to marketing and gamification at Epitech or at KEDGE Business School.
During the third edition of the Digital week in Bordeaux in 2013, Nicolas Babin participated as a lecturer about gamification. Nicolas Babin also writes articles for websites like Gladiacteur or IndieWatch, specialized in marketing and gaming.
In August 2017, he founded with his wife a company specialized in real estate in Bordeaux.
Following the 25th of April 2019 general assembly, Nicolas Babin has been elected president of the ASSA (Arcachon site for the preservation of building and environment) in France.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, he wrote a book, dealing with the evolution of technologies from the end of the eighties to today.
Personal life.
Nicolas Babin married Sara E. Ashworth in 1993. They have two children named John and Philippe.

</doc>
<doc id="56590388" url="?curid=56590388" title="Nadine Laura Eugénie Charlotte Ramaroson">
Nadine Laura Eugénie Charlotte Ramaroson


</doc>
<doc id="56590396" url="?curid=56590396" title="Chairmen of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy">
Chairmen of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy


</doc>
<doc id="56590401" url="?curid=56590401" title="List of South African atheists">
List of South African atheists


</doc>
<doc id="56590405" url="?curid=56590405" title="Ineke De Moortel">
Ineke De Moortel

Ineke De Moortel is a Belgian applied mathematician in Scotland, where she is a professor of applied mathematics at the University of St Andrews, director of research in the School of Mathematics and Statistics at St Andrews, and president of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society. Her research concerns the computational and mathematical modelling of solar physics, and particularly of the sun's corona.
Education and career.
De Moortel earned a master's degree in mathematics in 1997 at KU Leuven. She completed a Ph.D. in solar physics in 2001 at the University of St Andrews; her dissertation, "Theoretical &amp; Observational Aspects of Wave Propagation in the Solar Corona", was supervised by Alan Hood. She remained at St Andrews as a postdoctoral researcher and research fellow, becoming a reader there in 2008 and a professor in 2013.
Recognition.
In 2005, De Moortel became a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In 2009 she won the Philip Leverhulme Prize in Astronomy and Astrophysics.
She was elected to the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2015, and previously co-chaired its affiliate society, the Young Academy of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="56590410" url="?curid=56590410" title="Winfred Yavi">
Winfred Yavi

Winfred Mutile Yavi (born 31 December 1999) is a female Bahraini athlete who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase. Born in Kenya, she transferred her allegiance to the oil-rich Middle Eastern state at the age of fifteen, becoming eligible to compete for her adopted nation in August 2016. She represented Bahrain at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics at the age of seventeen and finished eighth in the steeplechase final in a personal best time of 9:22.67.

</doc>
<doc id="56590423" url="?curid=56590423" title="The Neddeaus of Duqesne Island">
The Neddeaus of Duqesne Island

The Neddeaus of Duqesne Island is a Canadian comedy series, which premiered on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's streaming platform, Gem, in 2017.
Background.
A mockumentary presented as "lost footage" of a 1970s-era documentary, the series focuses on the Neddeaus, a family who have lived in isolation on a remote Northern Ontario island and are being profiled in a documentary by filmmaker Ford Francis Mayflower. Its premiere was accompanied by "Not for Broadcast", a short promotional trailer which explored the series' fictionalized backstory as a documentary film which was made in the 1970s, but suppressed by the CBC for political reasons and never seen by anyone outside of Canada's media and political elites until 2017; the trailer included commentary from public figures such as Jean Chrétien and David Suzuki.
Cast and crew.
Its cast includes Tara Samuel ('Vangeline Neddeau), Tim Walker (Biche Neddeau), Kelly McCormack (Eloida Neddeau), Aaron Schroeder (Elmer Neddeau), Caitlin Driscoll (Elène Neddeau), and Cara Gee (Anne) with narration by Colin Mochrie. Schroeder was the writer and creator of the series, and Schroeder and McCormack were the executive producers. The series was directed by Sam Zvibleman, best known for his work as creator and director of Hulu comedy Pen15. Zvibleman makes a brief appearance in the series as director Ford Francis Mayflower. 
Accolades.
The series received three Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018, for Best Direction in a Web Program or Series (Sam Zvibleman), Best Actor in a Web Program or Series (Schroeder) and Best Actress in a Web Program or Series (Samuel). Zvibleman won the award for Best Direction.

</doc>
<doc id="56590425" url="?curid=56590425" title="Darla Dudley">
Darla Dudley


</doc>
<doc id="56590430" url="?curid=56590430" title="Billsborough House">
Billsborough House

The Billsborough House, at 376 6th Avenue East North in Kalispell, Montana, was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It is a one-and-a-half-story side-gabled Craftsman-style house, with large front and rear dormers and wide bracket-supported eaves. As of 1994 at least the roof was covered with wood shingles.
The property includes a two-car garage built before 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="56590435" url="?curid=56590435" title="Eugene Choi">
Eugene Choi


</doc>
<doc id="56590436" url="?curid=56590436" title="Zsolt Süle">
Zsolt Süle

Zsolt Süle (born 28 January 1969, Veszprém) is a Hungarian singer-songwriter, and part-time cook, best-known for being a finalist in A Dal 2018.
Career.
Süle went to the Secondary School for Catering and later worked in the hospitality industry. His father was a musician, playing on the saxophone. Süle wanted to be a musician in his childhood, but he was also interested in acting. At the age of 14 he founded his first band, Story, where he was a drummer.
Later, he also wrote lyrics and founded the band Sansz, which had a repertoire of his own songs, and also appeared on Ki mit tud?. Here he met Krisztián Nyakas, György Csoknyai and Imre Holubecz. He started playing LGT songs with them, initially for themselves and then for the public. They had a concert in a theatre in Veszprém for "Miénk a cirkusz", playing an LGT song.
Süle has also been a member of other bands alongside LGT, one of whom was Mozizenekar, where he produced his own compositions. ÉSTE was founded in 2014, where the poems and lyrics of Gergely Trócsányi's poems were put to music. Their first album was released in the first year. In 2016, the composer also performed at the Interferences International Theatre Meeting in Cluj-Napoca and at the Water Music Flower Festival in Tata.
On 6 December 2017, it was announced that Süle will compete in A Dal 2018, the Hungarian national selection process for the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 in Lisbon, Portugal with the song "Zöld a május". First, on 20 January 2018, he went on stage in the first heat, where he won a tied first place with Leander Kills and went to the semi-finals. On 10 February 2018, from the first semi-final, he scored 45 points and reached second place, and competed in the final of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="56590438" url="?curid=56590438" title="San Diego Zest FC 2">
San Diego Zest FC 2


</doc>
<doc id="56590439" url="?curid=56590439" title="Lists of writers by ethnicity or nationality">
Lists of writers by ethnicity or nationality


</doc>
<doc id="56590447" url="?curid=56590447" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's long jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's long jump

The women's long jump event at the 1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 24 February in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56590448" url="?curid=56590448" title="Talia'uli Liava'a">
Talia'uli Liava'a


</doc>
<doc id="56590451" url="?curid=56590451" title="List of Ethiopian writers">
List of Ethiopian writers


</doc>
<doc id="56590454" url="?curid=56590454" title="Woldemar Gerschler">
Woldemar Gerschler

Woldemar Gerschler (14 June 1904 – 28 June 1982) was a German athletics coach responsible for the German national middle-distance runners at the 1936, 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympic Games. He was one of the pioneers of interval training and coached several world-record holders such as Rudolf Harbig, Gordon Pirie and Roger Moens.
Life.
Gerschler was born in Meißen on 14 June 1904. He obtained his Abitur in Meißen, and then studied German, History and Sport at Leipzig University under Hermann Altrock among others. After he finished his studies, he spent some years teaching at a Gymnasium before becoming a professional coach.
In Dresden, he discovered the then unknown Rudolf Harbig and became his coach. Gerschler coached Harbig to several world records (e.g. in 800 metres in 1939), consequently he was appointed the German national coach. He also coached Käthe Krauß, who competed in the 1936 Olympic games. In spite of being the German national coach, Gerschler coached world-record holding runners of other nations such as the Englishman Gordon Pirie (3000 metres and 5000 metres) and the Belgian Roger Moens (800 metres). In this period he wrote his books on long jump and triple jump.
After the Second World War, Gerschler also worked as a football manager for FC St. Pauli in 1947/48, and Eintracht Braunschweig in 1948/49. In Braunschweig, Gerschler also coached the athletes of the club who, especially in walking, were among the best in Germany in the late 1940s and early 1950s and won many German titles. His pupil Rudi Lüttge set an unofficial world record in Braunschweig in 1948.
From 1948 onwards Gerschler also acted as "Lehrwart" of the "Deutscher Leichtathletik Ausschuss", the predecessor of the Deutscher Leichtathletik-Verband.
On 1 December 1949, at the instigation of Herbert Reindell, Gerschler was named director of the "Institut für Leibesübungen" (Institute for physical exercises) at the Albert-Ludwigs-Universität Freiburg. However, as he did not have a doctorate, he was only paid as an "" (senior member of the Academic Senate). He was only made a professor shortly before his retirement in 1971. He was awarded the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg for his services to sport and the Bundesverdienstkreuz (Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany).
Training methods.
Gerschler coached Rudolf Harbig to become the world's best in his events in the 1930s using the then new methods of interval training, of which Gerschler was a pioneer. While working in Freiburg, Gerschler experimented with a system of short distance training runs, demanding of the athletes that they should run "so fast that the pace required in competition would seem moderate and achievable". Interval training as practised in Freiburg was essentially physiologically oriented, being based on heart rates. Gerschler also attached considerable importance to training during the winter, which had been previously neglected, saying that "long-distance runners should not deviate too far from the type of training they practised in summer".

</doc>
<doc id="56590460" url="?curid=56590460" title="Satoshi Maruo">
Satoshi Maruo

Satoshi Maruo (; born 28 November 1991) is a Japanese male athlete competing in the 50 kilometres race walk. He represented Japan at the 2016 IAAF World Race Walking Team Championships and the 2017 World Championships in Athletics, finishing fifth at the latter event in a personal best of 3:43:03 hours The Japanese team was very successful at the event with all three men finishing in the top five. He is a member of the Aichi Steel athletics team.

</doc>
<doc id="56590462" url="?curid=56590462" title="The Hamilton Instrumentals">
The Hamilton Instrumentals


</doc>
<doc id="56590465" url="?curid=56590465" title="List of Ethiopian musicians">
List of Ethiopian musicians


</doc>
<doc id="56590466" url="?curid=56590466" title="A Woman Against the World">
A Woman Against the World

A Woman Against the World is a lost 1928 American drama film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Harrison Ford, Georgia Hale, and Lee Moran.

</doc>
<doc id="56590468" url="?curid=56590468" title="List of Ethiopian athletes">
List of Ethiopian athletes


</doc>
<doc id="56590470" url="?curid=56590470" title="Olexiy Popov">
Olexiy Popov

Olexiy Mykolayovych Popov (; born 6 April 1980 in Zaporizhzhia, USSR) is a professional Ukrainian futsal goalkeeper who plays for Russian club Norilsk Nickel.
Career.
Popov was a football player in his youth. Popov is a product of the Metalurh Zaporizhzhia Youth school system. He began his professional career in 1997 for FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia, but then turned to futsal. Popov played for the Winner Ford-Universytet Zaporizhia. In 1999 – 2001 he was part of futsal club Zaporizhkoks. In 2001, he moved to the Shakhtar Donetsk. In 2005 Popov went to Russia, where he later played for the Dinamo Moskva, Dina Moscow, and Norilsk Nickel. In April 2008, Dinamo Moskva participated in the final games of the UEFA Futsal Cup. Olexiy helped the team to win the tournament and to get the title of the strongest team of Europe.
In the Ukrainian national futsal team Olexiy Popov was twice a silver medalist of UEFA Futsal Championship, in 2001 and 2003. 
In August 2002, Olexiy became a member of a student team at the Student World Cup.
In the end of 2004, Popov as a part of the national team took part in the World Cup of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="56590472" url="?curid=56590472" title="Hamiltunes">
Hamiltunes


</doc>
<doc id="56590473" url="?curid=56590473" title="Taliaʻuli Liavaʻa">
Taliaʻuli Liavaʻa

Taliaʻuli Liavaʻa, (born c. 1970) is a Tongan former rugby union player who played as fly-half.
Career.
He played for Toloa Old Boys at club level. He also was in the Tonga 1987 Rugby World Cup squad, where he was the youngest member at the age of 17. However, Liava'a did not play any match in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56590489" url="?curid=56590489" title="List of Egyptian actors">
List of Egyptian actors


</doc>
<doc id="56590492" url="?curid=56590492" title="Cartridges and canisters of air-purifying respirators">
Cartridges and canisters of air-purifying respirators


</doc>
<doc id="56590498" url="?curid=56590498" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's triple jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's triple jump

The men's triple jump event at the 1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 25 February in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56590499" url="?curid=56590499" title="Canister (respirator)">
Canister (respirator)


</doc>
<doc id="56590503" url="?curid=56590503" title="Elise Estrada (EP)">
Elise Estrada (EP)

Elise Estrada is the self-titled debut extended play (EP) by Canadian recording artist Elise Estrada. It was released on April 15, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="56590504" url="?curid=56590504" title="Goldfields Football Association">
Goldfields Football Association


</doc>
<doc id="56590508" url="?curid=56590508" title="Responsible investment">
Responsible investment


</doc>
<doc id="56590509" url="?curid=56590509" title="Shimoni Demonstration School">
Shimoni Demonstration School


</doc>
<doc id="56590514" url="?curid=56590514" title="Western Australian Football Association">
Western Australian Football Association


</doc>
<doc id="56590515" url="?curid=56590515" title="1959–60 FK Partizan season">
1959–60 FK Partizan season

The 1959–60 season was the 14th season in FK Partizan's existence. This article shows player statistics and matches that the club played during the 1959–60 season.
Statistics.
Goalscorers.
This includes all competitive matches. 

</doc>
<doc id="56590539" url="?curid=56590539" title="Wang Na (racewalker)">
Wang Na (racewalker)

Wang Na (; born 29 May 1995) is a Chinese female racewalking athlete.
Wang's first international success came at the 2014 World Junior Championships in Athletics where she was the 10,000 m walk runner-up to Czech athlete Anežka Drahotová.
Senior success followed at the 2017 Asian Race Walking Championships, which she won over two minutes clear of the runner-up Kumiko Okada. On the circuit that year she was third at the Taicang Race Walking Challenge and runner-up to Lü Xiuzhi at the Chinese National Race Walking Grand Prix. She placed eighth at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="56590541" url="?curid=56590541" title="Four-dotted footman">
Four-dotted footman


</doc>
<doc id="56590545" url="?curid=56590545" title="Whoever Comes Knocking">
Whoever Comes Knocking

Whoever Comes Knocking is the third studio album by Ghanaian-Canadian Singer-songwriter Kae Sun. It was released on March 2, 2018, by Moonshine. He revealed the album's track listing in December 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56590546" url="?curid=56590546" title="Wang Na (athlete)">
Wang Na (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56590548" url="?curid=56590548" title="Wang Na (racewalkers)">
Wang Na (racewalkers)


</doc>
<doc id="56590549" url="?curid=56590549" title="Enfield Road">
Enfield Road


</doc>
<doc id="56590571" url="?curid=56590571" title="Rosenberg, David">
Rosenberg, David


</doc>
<doc id="56590574" url="?curid=56590574" title="Na Wang (athlete)">
Na Wang (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56590575" url="?curid=56590575" title="Na Wang (racewalker)">
Na Wang (racewalker)


</doc>
<doc id="56590576" url="?curid=56590576" title="List of South African academics">
List of South African academics


</doc>
<doc id="56590589" url="?curid=56590589" title="Scarce footman">
Scarce footman


</doc>
<doc id="56590593" url="?curid=56590593" title="SS Waihora">
SS Waihora

Steamships named Waihora include:

</doc>
<doc id="56590601" url="?curid=56590601" title="Confused haploa">
Confused haploa


</doc>
<doc id="56590602" url="?curid=56590602" title="Universale Electa/Gallimard">
Universale Electa/Gallimard


</doc>
<doc id="56590608" url="?curid=56590608" title="Taipaleti Tu'uta">
Taipaleti Tu'uta


</doc>
<doc id="56590611" url="?curid=56590611" title="Potamonautes orbitospinus">
Potamonautes orbitospinus


</doc>
<doc id="56590615" url="?curid=56590615" title="Malawi blue crab">
Malawi blue crab


</doc>
<doc id="56590616" url="?curid=56590616" title="Soggy Flakes">
Soggy Flakes

Soggy Flakes is a Canadian animated short comedy film, created by Heath, Jon, Nathan and Thomas Affolter and released in 2017. The film centres on a group of washed-up former breakfast cereal mascots, who are forced to reevaluate their definition of success when they unexpectedly encounter their sellout former friend and colleague Captain Kale. The voice cast includes Peter New, Cole Howard, April Cameron, David C. Jones, Stephanie Halber, Robert Heimbecker and Toren Atkinson.
The film was funded in part by a $10,000 prize from Telus's Storyhive contest for emerging filmmakers, and was inspired by a news report suggesting that Kellogg's was considering expanding into dog food due to declining sales of its breakfast cereal lines.
The film premiered at the Montreal Stop Motion Festival in 2017, and was later screened at the Vancouver Short Film Festival in 2018, but was distributed primarily through Storyhive's YouTube channel.
The film received three Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards, for Best Web Program or Series, Fiction, Best Direction in a Web Program or Series (the Affolters) and Best Actor in a Web Program or Series (New).

</doc>
<doc id="56590623" url="?curid=56590623" title="UN trust territories">
UN trust territories


</doc>
<doc id="56590624" url="?curid=56590624" title="Pinaverium">
Pinaverium


</doc>
<doc id="56590638" url="?curid=56590638" title="Taipaleti Tuʻuta">
Taipaleti Tuʻuta

Taipaleti Kakato Tuʻuta (born circa 1964) is a Tongan former rugby union player. He played as flanker.
Career.
Tuʻuta first played for the 'Ikale Tahi during the 1987 Rugby World Cup, in the first match against Canada, in Napier, on 24 May 1987. He also played the other two matches in the tournament. His last cap for Tonga was on 25 July 1992, against Fiji, in Nuku'alofa, earning 8 caps and 0 points.

</doc>
<doc id="56590643" url="?curid=56590643" title="Radford's flame shoulder">
Radford's flame shoulder


</doc>
<doc id="56590646" url="?curid=56590646" title="Omodysplasia type 2">
Omodysplasia type 2


</doc>
<doc id="56590648" url="?curid=56590648" title="Pink-spotted dart">
Pink-spotted dart


</doc>
<doc id="56590649" url="?curid=56590649" title="Wang Kaihua">
Wang Kaihua

Wang Kaihua (born 16 February 1994) is a Chinese male racewalking athlete. He has represented his country at the IAAF World Race Walking Team Championships in 2016, where he helped China to the team gold, and at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics, where he finished in seventh place.
Born in Lanzhou, he took part in racewalking competitions as a youth and participated at the 2011 World Youth Championships in Athletics. He is coached by Italian Sandro Damilano. Moving into the senior ranks, he began to establish himself at the Taicang Race Walking Challenge, placing second to Chen Ding. Wang was ranked the number one in the world over the 20 kilometres race walk distance in the 2017 season, having set a personal best of 1:17:54 hours to win at the Chinese National Grand Prix. This moved him into the top five all time fastest Chinese at the event.

</doc>
<doc id="56590663" url="?curid=56590663" title="List of Vogue Brasil (Brazil) cover models">
List of Vogue Brasil (Brazil) cover models


</doc>
<doc id="56590675" url="?curid=56590675" title="Fiesole Seminary">
Fiesole Seminary


</doc>
<doc id="56590682" url="?curid=56590682" title="Seminary of Fiesole">
Seminary of Fiesole


</doc>
<doc id="56590699" url="?curid=56590699" title="Battle of Pyongyang (1592)">
Battle of Pyongyang (1592)

The Battle of Pyongyang (1592) was a military engagement during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598). On 23 August 1592 a Ming force of 6,000 under Zu Chengxun and Shi Ru attacked Japanese-occupied Pyeongyang and was defeated.
Background.
Following the capture of Pyongyang by the Japanese army led by Konishi Yukinaga, Korean King Seonjo retreated to Yongbyon and from thence to Uiju near the border with China. King Seonjo was dissuaded by his advisors from seeking asylum in China, but redoubled his efforts to solicit military assistance. The Chinese were slow to respond, as their military was largely occupied in the Ordos campaign suppressing a mutiny and uprising by the Mongol minority. However, in July a token force of 1000 men under the command of Shi Ru was sent to form a bodyguard for King Seonjo, and in August a second force of 5000 men was dispatched under the command of Ming general Zhu Chengxun. Zhu was the regional commander of Liaodong Province and had enjoyed great success in the Ordos campaign, so he was confident that he would exterminate the Japanese with his cavalry and spearmen.
Meanwhile, Konishi Yukinaga's plans to advance north of Pyongyang were stalled due to need of reinforcements and supplies. The promised materials were to have been sent by ships via the west coast of Korea, but due to Korean Admiral Yi Sun-sin's string of victories in the Yellow Sea, most of the Japanese transports had been sunk. Only a trickle of men and supplies was reaching Pyongyang via the long overland route, and other Japanese commanders were facing similar difficulties and were unable to provide him with any assistance.
Battle.
The combined army of Zu Chengxun and Shi Ru arrived at Pyeongyang on 23 August 1592 in a pouring rain at night. The Japanese were caught completely off guard and the Ming army was able to take the undefended Chilsongmun ("Seven Stars Gate") in the north wall and entered the city. However the Japanese soon realized just how tiny the Ming army actually was, so they spread out, causing the enemy army to stretch out and disperse. The Japanese then took advantage of the situation and counterattacked with gunfire. Small groups of isolated Ming soldiers were picked off until the signal to retreat was sounded. The Ming army had been turned around, driven out of the city, its stragglers cut down. By the end of the day, Shi Ru was killed while Zu Chengxun escaped back to Uiju. Some 3,000 Ming soldiers were killed.
Aftermath.
Zu Chengxun attempted to downplay the defeat, advising King Seonjo that he had only made a "tactical retreat" due to the weather, and would return from China after raising more troops. However, upon his return to Liaodong, he wrote an official report blaming the Koreans for the defeat. Ming envoys sent to Korea found this accusation groundless.
Realizing that the attack by Zu Chengxun was only the start of Ming involvement in the conflict, Konishi Yukinaga traveled south to Hanseong on 12 September to discuss plans for a defense in depth with Ukita Hideie, which would enable him to make a controlled withdrawal from Pyongyang if faced with overwhelming odds in the future. 
Zu Chengxun's defeat caused a heated debate in Beijing, where the government had finally awoken to the potential threat to the empire should the Japanese complete their conquest of Korea. On 6 October 1592, the Wanli Emperor issued an edict to King Seonjo stating his support in defeating the Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="56590714" url="?curid=56590714" title="Military Band Service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia">
Military Band Service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia

The Military Band Service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia is a special military department that is the official military band service for the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia, being a branch of the Military Band Service of the Armed Forces of Russia. 
In total, the band service includes 31 military bands. As of 1 February 2019, the EMERCOM Band Service consists of the following: 12 bands of rescue military units; 19 bands of FPS EMERCOM establishments. These include bands of directorates in Arkhangelsk and St. Petersburg.
History.
The band service was established in accordance with a ministerial decree in 1 January 1995. On the directive of the EMERCOM of Russia on 1 April 2016, the band service and the Exemplary Band were included in the staff of the Academy of the Russian State Fire Service. In 2017, by the decree of President Vladimir Putin, Colonel Vladislav Rybenko of the band service was awarded the honorary title of Honored Artist of the Russian Federation.
EMERCOM Band.
Also known as the EMERCOM Band, the Exemplary Band of the Russian Emergencies Ministry () was created on 12 May 1995. At the time of its founding, it was originally named the Exemplary Band of the Ministry of Civil Defense, Emergencies and Elimination of Consequences of Natural Disasters. In 2010, it was given its current name. The band actively performs in important venues of the capital, including the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory and the Grand Kremlin Palace. The musicians participate in Russian and international festivals of military bands. The EMERCOM Band consists of 97 musicians, whose repertoire consists of Western European and Russian music. The band director is Lieutenant Colonel of the Internal Service Anton Kozhevatov.
Events.
The band has participated in socially significant cultural events in Russia including:

</doc>
<doc id="56590723" url="?curid=56590723" title="Brownlow Knox">
Brownlow Knox

Brownlow William Knox (1806 – 14 March 1873) was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was elected MP for Great Marlow in 1847 and held the seat until 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="56590725" url="?curid=56590725" title="2011 Finn Gold Cup">
2011 Finn Gold Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56590731" url="?curid=56590731" title="Glycine (disambiguation)">
Glycine (disambiguation)

Glycine is an amino acid with the chemical formula .
Glycine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56590735" url="?curid=56590735" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's shot put">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's shot put

The men's shot put event at the 1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 24 February in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56590736" url="?curid=56590736" title="Nordahl Lelandais">
Nordahl Lelandais


</doc>
<doc id="56590752" url="?curid=56590752" title="Afrofuturism in popular culture">
Afrofuturism in popular culture


</doc>
<doc id="56590760" url="?curid=56590760" title="Isaac Bradley Jordan Buckley-Ricketts">
Isaac Bradley Jordan Buckley-Ricketts


</doc>
<doc id="56590763" url="?curid=56590763" title="Kar duniash">
Kar duniash


</doc>
<doc id="56590766" url="?curid=56590766" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's shot put">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's shot put

The women's shot put event at the 1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 25 February in Vienna.
There were only three athletes contesting the title which raised suspicions that this may be due to the new, more advanced drug tests that were announced before the competition. Third place finisher, Judy Oakes of Great Britain, reportedly did not show up to receive her bronze medal as she deemed herself unworthy having won it in such circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="56590773" url="?curid=56590773" title="Legaspi, Cagdianao">
Legaspi, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56590775" url="?curid=56590775" title="Tamang Selo">
Tamang Selo

Tamang Selo (Nepali: तामाङ सेलो) is a genre of Nepali folk song sung by the Tamang people of Nepal and is widely popular among the Nepali-speaking community in Nepal, in India, and around the world. It is usually accompanied by the Tamang instruments: Damphu, Madal and Tungna. A Selo could be very catchy and lively or slow and melodious and is usually sung to express love, sorrow and stories of day to day life.
Hira Devi Waiba, pioneer of Nepali folk songs and Tamang Selo.
Hira Devi Waiba is hailed as the pioneer of Nepali folk songs and Tamang Selo. Her song "Chura ta Hoina Astura" (Nepali: चुरा त होइन अस्तुरा) is said to be the first Tamang Selo ever recorded. Waiba has sung nearly 300 songs in a career spanning 40 years. Waiba's children Navneet Aditya Waiba and Satya Aditya Waiba have carried the legacy further by continuing on her footsteps. Navneet and Satya are the only individuals in the Nepali folk music genre who produce authentic traditional Nepali folk songs without adulteration or modernisation. 

</doc>
<doc id="56590777" url="?curid=56590777" title="You Baby (song)">
You Baby (song)

"You Baby" is a song released by The Turtles in 1966. The song spent 12 weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at No. 20, while reaching No. 15 on the "Record World" 100 Top Pops, No. 17 on the "Cash Box" Top 100, and No. 11 on Canada's ""RPM" Play Sheet". "Billboard" described the song as a "rocker with a surf in' sound in the vocal" and a "winner."
The song was originally recorded by The Vogues in 1965, though their version was not released until 1996.
In 1966, the song was released by The Mamas &amp; the Papas on their debut album "If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears".

</doc>
<doc id="56590779" url="?curid=56590779" title="John Musser">
John Musser

John Musser (November 14, 1889 – March 21, 1949) was an American historian and educator who was dean of the graduate school at New York University and an instructor of American History. 
Musser attended Franklin and Marshall College before transferring to the University of Pennsylvania, from which he received his bachelor's degree. He went on to also earn his Ph.D. from Pennsylvania under the direction of Herman Vandenburg Ames. An authority on Benjamin Franklin, in 1937 Musser debunked a claim made by the Nazi Party that Charles Pinkney had once recorded in his diary that Franklin had made an anti-Semitic prophecy about a future threat of Jews in the United States by noting that Pinckney had never kept a diary and that Franklin himself had once donated money for the construction of a synagogue in Philadelphia.
He was the grandfather of Charles Musser.

</doc>
<doc id="56590786" url="?curid=56590786" title="Rodney Nkele Kongolo">
Rodney Nkele Kongolo


</doc>
<doc id="56590791" url="?curid=56590791" title="Anthology album">
Anthology album


</doc>
<doc id="56590800" url="?curid=56590800" title="Randi Heesoo Griffin">
Randi Heesoo Griffin


</doc>
<doc id="56590802" url="?curid=56590802" title="Judith Weisenfeld">
Judith Weisenfeld

Judith Weisenfeld is a scholar of African-American religion. She is Agate Brown and George L. Collord Professor of Religion at Princeton University, where she is also the Chair of the Department of Religion.
Early life and education.
Weisenfeld was raised Catholic in Queens, NYC, and attended Barnard College, where she graduated "cum laude" in 1986 with an A. B. degree in Religion. She then attended Princeton for her M.A. and Ph.D. (1992), with her dissertation focusing on the Black women’s branch of the YWCA in New York in the first half of the 20th century.
Career.
Her dissertation became the basis for her first book, "African American Women and Christian Activism: New York’s Black YWCA, 1905-1945." While in graduate school in Princeton, Weisenfeld also became interested in film, which became a focus of her second book project: "Hollywood Be Thy Name: African American Religion in American Film, 1929-1949."
In 2017, Weisenfeld published her third book, "New World A-Coming: Black Religion and Racial Identity during the Great Migration". The book develops a "comprehensive study of the formation of early 20th-century black religious movements", incorporating into her analysis religious practices outside the Christian tradition that has traditionally been the focus of such scholarship.
Weisenfeld taught at Barnard from 1991 until 2000, then Vassar College, where she earned tenure and chaired the Religion Department and led the Pan-African Studies Program.
She joined Princeton's faculty in 2007. In addition to her appointment as in the Department of Religion as Agate Brown and George L. Collord Professor, Weisenfeld is also affiliated with the Department of African American Studies, the Program in Gender and Sexuality Studies, the Program in American Studies and the Center for the Study of Religion.

</doc>
<doc id="56590812" url="?curid=56590812" title="Liney">
Liney

Liney is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56590814" url="?curid=56590814" title="Ma-atas">
Ma-atas


</doc>
<doc id="56590821" url="?curid=56590821" title="Liney (disambiguation)">
Liney (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56590831" url="?curid=56590831" title="1933–34 Celtic F.C. season">
1933–34 Celtic F.C. season

During the 1933–34 Scottish football season, Celtic competed in the Scottish First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="56590835" url="?curid=56590835" title="Erik Ross Palmer-Brown">
Erik Ross Palmer-Brown


</doc>
<doc id="56590843" url="?curid=56590843" title="Night in Gales">
Night in Gales

Night in Gales is a German melodic death metal band.
History.
The band was formed in May 1995 by Christian Müller (vocals), Jens and Frank Basten (both guitarists), Tobias Bruchmann (bass and vocals) and Christian Bass (drums) in Voerde. After releasing the demo "Sylphlike" and the EP "Razor", Müller left the band and was replaced by Björn Gooßes.
The band was signed by Nuclear Blast, with whom the band released "Nailwork", following which they switched over to Massacre Records. A split with Massacre Records followed in 2001, during a European tour with God Dethroned, after which most members went off to focus on other projects.
A year later Christian Bass, the drummer, left the band, in order to concentrate on his Metalcore band Deadsoil. He was replaced in 2003 by Adriano Ricci. After a mini-tour with Fear My Thoughts and Bitterness, in 2005 the band released the free four-track EP "Ten Years of Tragedy", to celebrate their tenth anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="56590852" url="?curid=56590852" title="Fanny Anitùa">
Fanny Anitùa


</doc>
<doc id="56590854" url="?curid=56590854" title="Carlos Uriel Antuna Romero">
Carlos Uriel Antuna Romero


</doc>
<doc id="56590861" url="?curid=56590861" title="Sarah Brown (artists' model)">
Sarah Brown (artists' model)


</doc>
<doc id="56590863" url="?curid=56590863" title="Imperator electus">
Imperator electus


</doc>
<doc id="56590867" url="?curid=56590867" title="Czech surname">
Czech surname


</doc>
<doc id="56590869" url="?curid=56590869" title="Jintian (journal)">
Jintian (journal)

Jintian () is the title of a Chinese literary journal. Founded in 1978, it was the first non-official literary journal in the People's Republic of China since the 1950s. It ran for nine issues until it was censored in 1980. It was revived in 1990.
About.
"Jintian" was created in 1978 by Mang Ke, Bei Dao and others, and was first distributed on and around Democracy Wall in Beijing. It was instrumental in bringing the Misty Poets into the open, publishing work by Bei Dao, Duo Duo, Shu Ting, Yang Lian and others. It ran for nine issues and published four books (poetry by Mang Ke, Bei Dao, and Jiang He, and a novella by Ai Shan [pen-name of Bei Dao]). It also ran two poetry readings (on 8 April and 21 October 1979), and two exhibitions of The Stars, the first non-official painters. 
In 1990 "Jintian" was revived overseas, with Bei Dao as editor, and initially published from "Stockholm". It is now an online journal, featuring writing in Chinese.
Translations into English.
Some of the poems, short stories and essays first published in "Jintian" have been translated into English, notably in the series Chinese Writing Today, the first two volumes published by the Wellsweep Press, in the UK, and the third volume published by the Zephyr Press in the USA. The Jintian Series of Contemporary Literature is published by Zephyr Press, in the USA.
Chinese Writing Today
The Jintian Series of Contemporary Literature (published by Zephyr Press)

</doc>
<doc id="56590879" url="?curid=56590879" title="Wet blue">
Wet blue


</doc>
<doc id="56590881" url="?curid=56590881" title="Nathan Luke Brattan">
Nathan Luke Brattan


</doc>
<doc id="56590882" url="?curid=56590882" title="Larkey Valley Wood">
Larkey Valley Wood

Larkey Valley Wood is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest south of Canterbury in Kent. It is also a Local Nature Reserve and it is owned and managed by Canterbury City Council.
This wood has diverse ground flora with some uncommon plants and many breeding birds, such as tree pipits, nuthatches and hawfinches. Flora include the scarce lady orchid.
There is access to the site from Cockering Road.

</doc>
<doc id="56590897" url="?curid=56590897" title="SS Grecian">
SS Grecian

Grecian was a steel bulk freighter built in 1891 by Globe Iron Works at Cleveland, Ohio. She was a sister ship to , also wrecked nearby. The ship was long, with a beam of and a gross register tonnage of 2,348 tons.
History.
"Grecian" was built to carry iron ore for the Chapin Iron Mining Company, and ran between the company's docks in Escanaba, Michigan and Cleveland, Ohio. In 1896 made 35 trips through the Great Lakes, carrying 93,000 tons of iron ore. On June 7, 1906 the unladen "Grecian" struck a rock and sank in shallow water near De Tour Village in the St. Mary's River. The ship was refloated, and taken in tow by the steamer "Sir Henry Bessemer", with the plan to take it to Detroit, Michigan for repairs. However, on June 15, it unexpectedly sank near Thunder Bay Island. The crew escaped in lifeboats. Salvage was attempted 1909 by the Staud Canalon Salvage Company, but to no avail.
The wreck.
The wreck of "Grecian" sits upright in of water. It features an intact bow and stern lie intact, with a collapsed midships portion. The engine, boiler, sections of the propeller, and the deck machinery all remain in place and are visible. There is also a steel canalon (a salvage lifting device) from the 1909 salvage attempt lies off the ship's stern. Most of movable artifacts once aboard the ship have been taken by salvagers and recreational divers.

</doc>
<doc id="56590904" url="?curid=56590904" title="Mabini, Cagdianao">
Mabini, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56590913" url="?curid=56590913" title="Diverge (film)">
Diverge (film)

Diverge is a 2016 American sci-fi film written, directed, co-produced and co-edited by James Morrison in his directing debut.
Plot.
Chris Towne is a man living in a post-apocalyptic world, who is desperate to find a way to save his wife from death. After meeting a strange man, he is given the chance to save his wife and the entire human race.
Reception.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 100% based on 5 reviews, with an average rating of 7/10. Anton Bitel writing on Sight &amp; Sound magazine included the film among the best shown on 2017 Sci-Fi-London. John Higgins from Starburst magazine gave the film 7 out of 10 stars and stated: "Sandomire is very good in the lead role and holds the film together. Overall though, the smartly-written script will have the potential for repeat viewings to try and concoct where and how things unfold at the conclusion. Like last year’s excellent "Imitation Girl", Diverge has much more to offer than CGI-action and pyrotechnics. Christopher Llewellyn Reed from "Hammer To Nail" wrote: "At 85 minutes, Diverge never overstays its welcome, and proves, time and again (remember: time travel), that low-budget science fiction can more than deliver."
Diverge gathered awards and nominations at several festivals, including Lund International Fantastic Film Festival, Boston Science Fiction Film Festival and Julien Dubuque International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56590917" url="?curid=56590917" title="Joel Makin">
Joel Makin

Joel Makin (, born 27 October 1994 in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire) is a Welsh professional squash player.
Makin played squash at Aberdare Junior Squash Club under coaches Bob Gould, Clive Roberts and Dave Cope, and represented Wales at Under-13s level in 2007. He left Aberdare at 18 and, forgoing university, trained at West Warwickshire Club under the guidance of Rob Owen.
He won the Kent Open in 2017, beating Josh Masters in straight sets, and the Tring Open in 2018. He reached the semifinals of the men’s singles squash competition at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, losing out to Mohd Nafiizwan Adnan in the bronze medal match. Makin qualified for the 2018 British Open Squash Championships where he lost in the first round to Mohamed Abouelghar. He beat the world number one, Mohamed El Shorbagy, to reach the quarterfinals of the Channel VAS Championships in October 2018. As of October 2020, he was ranked number 9 in the World and 1 in Wales.
PSA titles.
He has won 3 PSA titles:

</doc>
<doc id="56590923" url="?curid=56590923" title="1944–45 Arsenal F.C. season">
1944–45 Arsenal F.C. season

Results.
"Arsenal's score comes first"
https://www.11v11.com/teams/arsenal/tab/matches/season/1945/
Football League South.
Selected results from the league.

</doc>
<doc id="56590927" url="?curid=56590927" title="Jack David Harrison">
Jack David Harrison


</doc>
<doc id="56590930" url="?curid=56590930" title="Studium conventuale">
Studium conventuale


</doc>
<doc id="56590934" url="?curid=56590934" title="Public disclosure of private facts">
Public disclosure of private facts


</doc>
<doc id="56590942" url="?curid=56590942" title="Ff.com">
Ff.com


</doc>
<doc id="56590951" url="?curid=56590951" title="Nikolaus Cruz">
Nikolaus Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56590952" url="?curid=56590952" title="Yangel Clemente Herrera Ravelo">
Yangel Clemente Herrera Ravelo


</doc>
<doc id="56590954" url="?curid=56590954" title="Nikolaus de Jesus Cruz">
Nikolaus de Jesus Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56590956" url="?curid=56590956" title="Tāʼ marbūṭah">
Tāʼ marbūṭah


</doc>
<doc id="56590963" url="?curid=56590963" title="De Moortel">
De Moortel

De Moortel or Van De Moortel is a surname. It is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="56590964" url="?curid=56590964" title="Nueva Estrella, Cagdianao">
Nueva Estrella, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56590967" url="?curid=56590967" title="9 circles">
9 circles


</doc>
<doc id="56590979" url="?curid=56590979" title="SS Joseph S. Fay">
SS Joseph S. Fay

The Joseph S. Fay was a wooden steamer built in 1871 Quayle and Martin at Cleveland, Ohio. At the time of launch, the "Fay" was the largest ship ever built in Cleveland.
Description.
The ship was 216 feet long, with a beam of 34 feet and a gross tonnage of 1221 tons. It has a single screw propeller powered by a 28.5" by 36" direct acting high-pressure steam engine manufactured by Cleveland's Cuyahoga Iron Works, and twin tubular boilers measuring 6'10" by 17'3". In 1887, the engine was upgraded to a steeple compound steam engine and single scotch boiler. The "Fay" had a two-level aft cabin situated above the engine room and a pilothouse atop the forecastle. She had three masts used as an auxiliary propulsion system.
History of the ship.
The schooner "D. P. Rhodes" was built as the Fay's consort, and the pair worked in tandem hauling iron ore. On October 17, 1905, the two ships departed from Escanaba, Michigan en route to Ashtabula, Ohio with a load of iron ore, and the "Fay" towing the "Rhodes". On October 19, 1905, the "Fay" encountered a strong gale in northern Lake Huron. Hugging the shore in adverse wind conditions, the "Fay" came too close to the rocks at Forty Mile Point. The captain attempted to recover, pulling out into open water, but the maneuver snapped the towline, sending the "Rhodes" loose and taking part of the "Fay"'s stern with it.
The loose "Rhodes" eventually hit rocks at Cheboygan. Aboard the "Fay", the captain drove the ship ashore, grounding only 200 yards from the Forty Mile Point Light. At impact, the wheelhouse, deck, mate's and captain's rooms were ripped from the deck and carried it to shore with the captain and 10 crewmen safe inside. The first mate and two other crewmen were left on the ship; the mate eventually tried to swim ashore but drowned. After grounding, the Fay quickly broke apart.
The wreck today.
The lower hull of the ship, still containing a load of iron ore sits in shallow water not far from shore, while a large portion of the starboard side is located on the beach near the lighthouse. In the submerged portion, most of the hull remains intact, as does most of the steam propulsion machinery. The rudder, copper hull sheathing, keelsons, the portside engine mount, the propeller shaft assembly, and iron ore cargo are the most prominent items found on the lake bottom. On the shore, the section of the starboard side is 134 feet long, and features scarfed ceiling planking, paired frame sets, and hundreds of wood and iron fasteners.

</doc>
<doc id="56590982" url="?curid=56590982" title="United States Custom Service">
United States Custom Service


</doc>
<doc id="56590988" url="?curid=56590988" title="Guarin (surname)">
Guarin (surname)

Guarin or Guarín is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56590989" url="?curid=56590989" title="Nikolas Cruz">
Nikolas Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56590992" url="?curid=56590992" title="Divine Yelsarmba Naah">
Divine Yelsarmba Naah


</doc>
<doc id="56591009" url="?curid=56591009" title="Kelly criteria">
Kelly criteria


</doc>
<doc id="56591013" url="?curid=56591013" title="Black Hammer (comics)">
Black Hammer (comics)

Black Hammer is an ongoing American comic series created by writer Jeff Lemire and artist Dean Ormston, published by Dark Horse Comics.
Plot.
Ten years ago, Black Hammer and six other superheroes had saved Spiral City from the Anti-God, but in the process became trapped in Rockwood, a timeless "Twilight Zone"-ish town. Shortly after the heroes arrived, Black Hammer died. In the present, the six heroes live on Black Hammer farm with very little hope of ever escaping Rockwood.
Publication history.
Phase I.
Jeff Lemire originally conceived of "Black Hammer" in 2007, intending to draw the story himself after the end of "Essex County". In 2008, he pitched the series to Dark Horse editor Diana Schutz. The pitch was accepted, but Lemire was unable to begin work until he finished "The Nobody" and "Sweet Tooth" for Vertigo, then his exclusivity contract for DC Comics prevented him from working on the series from 2010 to 2014. When Lemire returned to the series in 2014, he was working on so many projects that drawing it himself was no longer possible, so he teamed up with artist Dean Ormston for the title. According to Lemire, it was important for "Black Hammer" to not to look anything like mainstream superhero comics. He wanted the series to stand outside of superhero comics and comment on them, not become one of them. For this, Ormston's art style was deemed perfect.
"Black Hammer" #1 was originally scheduled for release March 2015, however Ormston suffered a cerebral hemorrhage, which left the right side of his body partially paralyzed. After months of rehabilitation, Ormston recovered. The first issue of "Black Hammer" came out July the following year. Lemire continued working on the series while Ormston recovered. Dean Ormston's working pace was greatly reduced, however, so he sometimes worked with layout assistance from Peter Gross. Because of this, Lemire has scripts written well ahead of the release schedule.
In 2017, Jeff Lemire started to expand the "Black Hammer" universe with spinoff titles, starting with "Sherlock Frankenstein and the Legion of Evil". The spinoffs are identified by a "From the world of "Black Hammer"" banner along the top of the cover. Early on, "Black Hammer" and its spinoffs were frequently referred to as "The Hammerverse" (not to be confused with David Drake's Hammerverse) by editor Daniel Chabon in the letter columns, though the official branding is now "The World of Black Hammer".
"Sherlock Frankenstein and the Legion of Evil".
In October 2017, shortly after the cliffhanger ending of "Black Hammer" #13, Dark Horse Comics launched "Sherlock Frankenstein and the Legion of Evil", the first "Black Hammer" spinoff miniseries, written by Jeff Lemire with art by David Rubín. The series focused on Lucy Weber, a young investigative reporter searching for the truth about what happened ten years ago when her father, the Black Hammer, disappeared. The miniseries introduced numerous characters that would go on to play larger roles in future stories, such as Cthu-Louise and Grimjim.
"Doctor Andromeda and the Kingdom of Lost Tomorrows".
In December 2017, Den of Geek announced a second "Black Hammer" spinoff miniseries, "Doctor Star and the Kingdom of Lost Tomorrows", written by Jeff Lemire with art by Max Fiumara. The series focuses on Doctor Star (later renamed Doctor Andromeda), a Golden Age superhero and contemporary of Abraham Slam.
The series was retitled "Doctor Andromeda and the Kingdom of Lost Tomorrows" following a legal issue with another publisher. As Lemire himself explained in a 2020 interview:
“I have been cagey about this because the honest truth is that there was a legal issue with the name and its similarity to another publisher's character and there is very little I can actually discuss. But we worked it out very amicably with that other publisher and we agreed to change his name and costume a bit. Not any drama or anything, it was all very civil. The good thing is the name changed, but the story is exactly the same. And that original printing of "Doctor Star" trades and floppies will probably be collector's items to a degree now, I guess.
This being "Black Hammer", I do have a fun meta way of explaining the name change within the universe itself that will unfold next year in some new "Black Hammer" projects.”
Doctor Andromeda originally appeared in a cameo role in the original "Black Hammer" series as an homage to Starman, specifically the incarnation written by James Robinson, to the point that the character's alter ego was named "Jimmy Robinson".
"Black Hammer: Age of Doom".
In September 2017, Dark Horse Comics announced the "Black Hammer" series had ended and that it would relaunch as "Black Hammer: Age of Doom" in 2018. Lemire explained the name change in a press release:
“One thing "Black Hammer" has always done is comment on the history of superhero comics and we live in a world where superhero universes seem to be rebooted, relaunched, and rebirthed every year. It felt like we needed to play around with that idea, but put a "Black Hammer" spin on it.”
"Age of Doom" finished the story that Lemire had originally pitched to Dark Horse about the superheroes stranded on Black Hammer farm. However, in a July 2019 interview, he explained this was simply the end of Phase I, and went on to tease developments for Phase II with more spinoffs and a new core "Black Hammer" series.
"The Quantum Age".
On March 27, 2018, Dark Horse Comics announced "The Quantum Age," a spinoff set in 2141 (originally 3041, but this date was revised in the trade paperback) about a group of superheroes, inspired by the heroes of Black Hammer Farm. The series deals with some of the aftermath of "Age of Doom". 
"Black Hammer ’45".
On December 7, 2018, SyFy Wire announced "Black Hammer ’45," a four-issue miniseries about the Black Hammer Squadron in World War II. This miniseries marked the first time a "Black Hammer" title wasn't solely written by Jeff Lemire, with Ray Fawkes joining as co-writer. Matt Kindt, who had previously worked on the "Black Hammer: Giant-Sized Annual", returned as the artist.
Phase II.
"Skulldigger + Skeleton Boy".
Just prior to SDCC 2019, Newsarama announced "Skulldigger + Skeleton Boy", a six-issue miniseries about the vigilante Skulldigger, written by Jeff Lemire with art by Tonci Zonjic. The series had previously been mentioned in the "Stranger Things / Black Hammer" Free Comic Book Day 2019 issue and in "The World of Black Hammer Encyclopedia". Jeff Lemire said that this book would be the first title in "Phase II" of the "Black Hammer" universe. Early on, Lemire had planned on drawing the series himself, but he couldn't find time in his schedule.
"Colonel Weird: Cosmagog".
On January 9, 2020, the Hollywood Reporter announced "Colonel Weird: Cosmagog," a four-issue miniseries written by Jeff Lemire with art by Tyler Crook. It will look at Colonel Randall Weird's past and his future beyond the ending of "Black Hammer: Age of Doom". Lemire described the series as a bridge from the Phase I "Black Hammer" series to the stories he has planned for the future.
"Barbalien: Red Planet".
On March 12, 2020, the Hollywood Reporter announced "Barbalien: Red Planet," a five-issue miniseries written by Jeff Lemire and Tate Brombal with art by Gabriel Hernández Walta. The miniseries will explore Mark Markz's time as a police officer during the 1980s AIDS crisis. It was originally scheduled to launch in LGBTQ Pride Month, but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
"Black Hammer: Visions".
In November 2020, Dark Horse announced an eight-issue anthology series, with each story from different creative teams.
"Black Hammer: Reborn".
This will be the core title of Phase II. It will be a twelve-issue series with a new artist, Caitlin Yarsky. Dean Ormston will continue to work in the World of Black Hammer on another title with more of a horror focus. The series jumps ahead twenty years after the finale of "Black Hammer: Age of Doom" with Lucy living in the suburbs with her partner and children. Lemire described it as "Lucy Weber's Mid-Life Crisis on Multiple Earths." It will focus on Lucy Weber as the new Black Hammer and include Skulldigger in a prominent role as well as many other returning characters.
"The Unbelievable Unteens".
On May 20, 2021, Dark Horse announced a new spinoff reuniting Jeff Lemire and Tyler Crook, "The Unbelievable Unteens". This story is set to focus on comic artist Jane Ito meeting one of her comics creations. Earlier that year, Lemire had posted a teaser image by Crook featuring Jack Sabbath holding the fictional final issue of "The Incredible Unteens".
Future.
In his email newsletter, Lemire has spoken about a few upcoming titles that have yet to be formally announced. Dean Ormston will be drawing a Madame Dragonfly miniseries, which will dovetail into "Black Hammer: Reborn". Following the spinoffs from Ormston and Crook, Lemire said he aimed to bring the series back to one core "Black Hammer" book for a while.
In September 2021, Lemire launched a paid subscription to his "Tales from the Farm" newsletter through Substack. The newsletter will be the home for several new "Black Hammer" short stories with various creators, as well as a full-length Colonel Weird story with writer Tate Brombal and artist Ray Fawkes.
Lemire has also mentioned he'd like to do a sequel to "The Quantum Age" called "The Quantum World" with artist Wilfredo Torres.
Phase III.
On September 21, 2021, Lemire indicated he had begun work of the third and final phase of "Black Hammer" when he posted an image on Instagram teasing "Black Hammer: The End".
Crossovers.
In March 2019, Dark Horse Comics and DC Comics announced a five-issue "Black Hammer" and "Justice League" crossover miniseries called "Hammer of Justice!" written by Jeff Lemire and drawn by Michael Walsh. In the initial announcement, Lemire assured readers he was going to keep "Black Hammer" character driven without endless tie-ins and events. "Hammer of Justice!" is not "a throwaway ‘imaginary story’" either, and will have lasting repercussions in future "Black Hammer" stories.
When discussing whether there could be further crossovers in future, Lemire said, "If there is a very good story to be told, I am open to it, but I doubt we will see many, or any, other crossovers in the future. This particular opportunity really worked and was a great once in a lifetime chance to tell a really fun story." He has mentioned that artist Dean Ormston would like to do a "Hellboy" crossover if Mike Mignola was interested.
In other media.
On November 13, 2018, "The New York Times" announced a film and television development deal with Legendary Entertainment. This deal includes not just "Black Hammer", but all its associated titles, effectively opening the door to create a cross-platform film and television shared universe. Both Jeff Lemire and Dean Ormston are executive producers, and Lemire will be actively involved in the adaptations. Lemire described his involvement as follows:
“I decided with "Black Hammer", because it's so personal and near and dear to my heart, if I was ever going to option and develop it, I had to be intimately involved. As far as that adaptation, I do have to be the one that is creatively steering that ship, like the comic.”
Lemire has confirmed he has written a pilot script for the initial project with Legendary and a series bible. In an April 2021 interview, Lemire said Legendary Entertainment's option on the series had passed and he was looking a new home for it.

</doc>
<doc id="56591018" url="?curid=56591018" title="Winds of Winter (horse)">
Winds of Winter (horse)


</doc>
<doc id="56591024" url="?curid=56591024" title="Accelerated testing of adhesives">
Accelerated testing of adhesives

Accelerated testing of adhesives is used to obtain long term performance of an adhesive. Adhesives are commonly used for structural joints in various applications. Adhesives offer light weight and cost efficient options in design of mechanical members. In many applications, adhesive joints are the main load bearing joint as well as acting as a sealant in a joint. As such, the ability of adhesives for long service life needs to be assessed and evaluated. This is done based on the long term performance information available regarding a particular adhesive of choice. One of the ways to obtain the long term performance of an adhesive is using accelerated tests. In these tests possible failure mechanisms of an adhesive system will be simulated in a manner that accelerates time.
Adhesive failure prediction.
In general, service failures are predicted by accelerated tests in which parameters such as temperature, moisture, mechanical loading, etc. are increased in order to reduce the time to failure in the system under investigation. Adhesive systems are no exception to this method for predicting failures in the service environment that they are designed for. The issue with usage of accelerated testing in adhesives stems from their complexity and varied reaction to test condition(s). In other words, an accelerated test regime may induce reaction kinetics that is not applicable to the actual service environment of an adhesive.
Adhesive stability.
Desirable performance of an adhesive system throughout its service time and environment depends on its stability and ability to retain its properties throughout its service life. However, several reasons can be the reasons for breakdown of an adhesive bond and like other polymers, prediction of life is not an easy task. One of the main degrading conditions to stability of adhesives is oxidizing environments. Adhesives, like other polymers, react with oxygen easily even at low temperatures. Oxidation will cause the long polymer chains to break up and their molecular weight to decrease. This is a non-linear process and tends to approach a critical level below which the mechanical properties are significantly degraded.
Different adhesive systems behave differently in regards to oxidation which means they age differently in an oxidizing environment; therefore, it is crucial to have a method of predicting the oxidation aging of an adhesive that is applicable to the actual service without producing unwanted stress factors. Use of temperature as an acceleration factor for polymers and adhesives may not be appropriate. This is due to possibilities of parallel reactions forming at high temperatures that otherwise would not exist at lower service environment.
Traditionally, oxidation induction time (OIT) and/or oxidation onset temperature (OOT) methods are used to predict the behavior of a materials' oxidation. These properties are typically found using differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). However, these options use elevated temperatures which limit their use for adhesives and polymers. In these tests, the samples are isothermally or non-isothermally heated and once exothermic heat is detected, OIT or OOT measurements are determined.
In order to keep the duration of the tests short (under 2 hours), the testing temperature is raised above 180 °C. Basically, the test sample is heated then maintained at constant temperature for some time to stabilize. Oxygen/air is then applied and the time of application to beginning of oxidation is the “oxidation induction time” (OIT). As mentioned above, high temperature exposure may interfere with correlation of the measured data with actual in-service behavior of some adhesive systems. This makes the use these tests limited and at times, unreliable.
This limitation makes alternate tests, which are conducted at lower temperature and collect the same data, more applicable to adhesive oxidation process.
Chemiluminescence (CL).
Production of artificial light can be done in two ways, incandescent light in which light is produced from an object “glowing” hot. Light can also be produced in “cold” manner by photons emitting from energizing electrons which are then grounded and release energy. The process of light emission followed by grounding of the electrons may be very fast. During certain chemical processes such as oxidation, electron excitation and grounding take place which result in production of luminescence.
In chemiluminescence, light is emitted as oxidation reaction progresses and specific exited species are formed and subsequently grounded. In polymers, initially unstable Alkyl radicals are formed which react further with oxygen to form peroxy. This process is illustrated by “Russel mechanism”, in which the peroxy radicals (ROO) are relaxed to their grounded state, light is produced by emission of one photon to ground stage.
The chemiluminescence light is produced in various wavelengths depending on the material under oxidation reaction. Generally the Chemiluminescence is in the short wave range, however, in some cases it is detected in infra-red (IR) region of light spectrum. Regardless of the emitted light wavelength, in Chemiluminescence the intensity of light is measured and is then correlated to the progression of the oxidation process.
Chemiluminescence (CL) light intensity can be measured at various isothermal oxidation cycles; however, the temperature need not be raised to high levels. Correlation of light intensity is made to oxidation process parameters such as Oxidation Induction Temperature (OIT). By obtaining measurements at different temperatures, an accelerated oxidation progression correlation can be established. The prediction of oxidation during service life can then be carried out.
Advantages of chemiluminescence.
Temperature plays a big role in behavior of polymers. Characteristics such as melting, softening, glass transition, etc. are all temperature basic factors in polymers. Some or all of these characteristics happen at low temperatures in some polymers and as mentioned before, tests that exceed these temperatures do not correlate well with actual service life of a part.
One of the most important advantages of Chemiluminescence (CL) in studying the oxidation of polymers/adhesives is that, it does not need to be run at high temperatures. This makes the CL results more applicable to the oxidation rather than other secondary reactions.
Instrumentation set up of CL tests, can be tailored to the material of use and the amount of sample needed is usually very small (fraction of the actual part). This last point, is mainly due to the reactions that lead to light emission intensity which is not related to mass of the sample.
Predicting oxidation in a polymer/adhesive system using CL measurements has the potential to be very close to the actual service condition of the part. This is due to the higher sensitivity of CL over conventional differential scanning calorimetry (CDS) methods, hence no need to run the CL experiments in high temperatures. Instrumentation for CL measurements is self-contained and easy to set up and use.

</doc>
<doc id="56591033" url="?curid=56591033" title="Santa Rita, Cagdianao">
Santa Rita, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56591040" url="?curid=56591040" title="Olarenwaju Ayobami Kayode">
Olarenwaju Ayobami Kayode


</doc>
<doc id="56591041" url="?curid=56591041" title="Where's Raymond">
Where's Raymond


</doc>
<doc id="56591042" url="?curid=56591042" title="Nicholas Peter Cruz">
Nicholas Peter Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56591046" url="?curid=56591046" title="Strictly for Pleasure">
Strictly for Pleasure


</doc>
<doc id="56591048" url="?curid=56591048" title="Tigbao, Cagdianao">
Tigbao, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56591049" url="?curid=56591049" title="Nicholas Cruz">
Nicholas Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56591054" url="?curid=56591054" title="Patricia Daley">
Patricia Daley

Patricia O. Daley is a Jamaican-born British human geographer and academic, specialising in forced migration, political ecology, and Africa. She is Professor of Human Geography of Africa at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford, and has been listed as one of the UK's most influential Black Britons.
Early life and education.
Daley was born and brought up in rural Jamaica. At the age of 12, she emigrated to England. She attended school in Hackney, London, and as a teenager lived in the Pembury Estate.
Daley was the first of her family to attend university, and studied at Middlesex Polytechnic, graduating with a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree. She then undertook postgraduate studies at Goldsmith's College and the School of Oriental and African Studies, both part of the University of London, graduating with a Master of Arts degree and a Postgraduate Certificate in Education (PGCE). She then moved to the University of Oxford to study for a Doctor of Philosophy (DPhil) degree. She completed her doctorate in 1989 with a thesis titled "Refugees and underdevelopment in Africa: the case of Barundi refugees in Tanzania".
Academic career.
Daley previously taught at Dartmouth College, and Loughborough University. In 1996, she moved to the University of Oxford, where she was appointed University Lecturer in Human Geography and joined Pembroke College, Oxford. She is the first black woman to be appointed a lecturer at Oxford. She is now a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford. She served Jesus College as Tutor for Women from 1998 to 2004, and as Tutor for Admissions from 1999 to 2002. She was the University Assessor for the 2015/2016 academic year. She was awarded a Title of Distinction as Professor of the Human Geography of Africa in September 2016.
In 2017, Daley was one 24 notable individuals chosen by the University of Oxford to have their portrait painted . Daley's portrait was painted by Binny Matthews. It was first exhibited at a temporary exhibition and then permanently at the Exam Schools of Oxford University. The portrait commisson was part of a project to augment the existing portraiture at Oxford with a greater, "diversity of background, gender and accomplishments of scholars, staff and alumni." 
In 2020, Daley was announced as one of the United Kingdom's 100 most influential people of African or African Caribbean heritage, in recognition of her contribution to education by being included in the 2021 edition of the annual "Powerlist". 

</doc>
<doc id="56591073" url="?curid=56591073" title="Jim Warden">
Jim Warden

Jim Warden is a retired ice hockey goaltender.
High school career.
Warden attended The Blake School (Minneapolis) for his junior and senior years, where he earned all-state honors.
College career.
At the 1975 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament, Warden was named Most Outstanding Player while also winning a national title.
Professional career.
WHA Draft.
He was picked in the 3rd round, 36th overall, by the San Diego Mariners in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft.
NHL Draft.
He was picked in the 5th round, 75th overall, by the California Golden Seals in the 1974 NHL amateur draft.
Minor league career.
Warden competed in the Central Hockey League and the Atlantic Coast Hockey League.
International career.
Warden competed for the United States at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56591093" url="?curid=56591093" title="Sony Creative Software">
Sony Creative Software

Sony Creative Software is an American software company that develops various media software suites. Sony Creative Software was created in a 2003 deal with Madison-based media company Sonic Foundry in which it acquired its desktop product line, hired roughly 60% of employees, paid $18 million in cash, and took on certain liabilities and obligations.
As announced in May 2016, MAGIX Software GmbH has purchased majority of Sony Creative Software products, including the full Vegas Pro, Movie Studio, Sound Forge Pro, and ACID Pro product lines.

</doc>
<doc id="56591114" url="?curid=56591114" title="Voice procedure">
Voice procedure


</doc>
<doc id="56591116" url="?curid=56591116" title="Valencia, Cagdianao">
Valencia, Cagdianao


</doc>
<doc id="56591118" url="?curid=56591118" title="Prithvi Narayan Municipality">
Prithvi Narayan Municipality


</doc>
<doc id="56591122" url="?curid=56591122" title="Nepal Darbar">
Nepal Darbar


</doc>
<doc id="56591128" url="?curid=56591128" title="Gorkha Durbar">
Gorkha Durbar


</doc>
<doc id="56591135" url="?curid=56591135" title="Alexis Alejandro Sánchez Sánchez">
Alexis Alejandro Sánchez Sánchez


</doc>
<doc id="56591145" url="?curid=56591145" title="R. Ecleo, Sr.">
R. Ecleo, Sr.


</doc>
<doc id="56591150" url="?curid=56591150" title="'u'">
'u'


</doc>
<doc id="56591156" url="?curid=56591156" title="Eva Unander">
Eva Unander

Eva Unander, née Hjelmér (12 March 1774 - 1836) was a Swedish librarian. She was the second woman in Sweden to run a library, preceded by Cecilia Cleve, and the first to found and run a commercial lending library. 
Born in Arboga, she was the daughter of tailor Johan Hjelmér and his wife Brita. Her father died in 1777 at the age of 44, and her mother died six years later at age 43. Little is known about her childhood. In 1801, she married the bookbinder Abraham Fredric Unander in Stockholm. They had one son, Conrad Fredric. Abraham died in 1816, leaving Eva as a widow and single mother, with debts twice as much as the value of her estate. In 1818, she opened a lending library in Södermalmstorg. Initially, she ran advertisements in the daily newspaper Daglig Allehanda to attract patrons. She eventually stopped these advertisements, possibly because the library had become well-established. 
The patron could set the amount of time for the loan. The cost varied based on the number of books and the amount of time that they were borrowed, starting with four skillings to borrow a book for a day. Other books were also accepted as a form of collateral. The National Library of Sweden retains nine printed directories from Unander's library; a tenth directory may have existed and been lost. Eva Greek and Heléne Rova analyzed the languages and subject areas available in Unander's library catalogue, in order to analyze the reading tastes of the contemporary public. The library contained mostly fictional works, with many translated from other languages such as German.

</doc>
<doc id="56591157" url="?curid=56591157" title="Catoctin Station raid">
Catoctin Station raid


</doc>
<doc id="56591174" url="?curid=56591174" title="Julius Eskesen">
Julius Eskesen

Julius Eskesen (born 16 March 1999) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left or right midfielder for SønderjyskE in the Danish Superliga.
Youth career.
Eskesen joined OB at the age of 10 from B1913 in Odense. On his 15-year birthday, Eskesen signed his first contract with OB. In 2016, Eskesen suffered from an injury, and was operated for it. Already at the age of 17, had he been on a trial at Spanish club Málaga CF.
Club career.
OB.
Already at the age of 17, Eskesen got invited to a first team training camp in Spain. On 20 June 2017, Eskesen signed his first professional contract. The contract, which was valid until the summer 2021, also secured him a promotion to the first team squad.
Eskesen got his debut for OB on 29 August 2017. He started on the bench, but replaced Nana Welbeck in the 65th minute and scored the winning goal in a 1-0 victory against Dalum IF in the Danish Cup.
SønderjyskE.
On 28 January 2020, Eskesen joined SønderjyskE on a deal until the summer 2024.
Honours.
SønderjyskE

</doc>
<doc id="56591195" url="?curid=56591195" title="2018 BOSS GP Series">
2018 BOSS GP Series

The 2018 BOSS GP season is the 24th season of the BOSS GP series. The championship begins on 22 April at Hockenheim and finishes on 14 October at Paul Ricard.

</doc>
<doc id="56591211" url="?curid=56591211" title="The Franklin Electric">
The Franklin Electric

The Franklin Electric are a Canadian indie folk collective formed by singer-songwriter Jon Matte from Montreal, Quebec, most noted for receiving a Juno Award nomination for Breakthrough Group of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2018. The band's core member is singer and guitarist Jon Matte, with supporting musicians that include Ken Pressé on guitar, Martin Desrosby on bass, and Adam Passalacqua on drums. 
History.
The Franklin Electric's debut album, "This Is How I Let You Down", was self-released in 2013 before being reissued in 2014 by Indica Records. The album was supported with a cross-Canada tour, as well as several dates as an opening act for other bands in Europe. The band created an animated video for the song "The Strongest Man Alive".
The group released a second album, "Blue Ceilings" in February 2017; the songs are an eclectic mix of folk, pop, and electronic indie pop. They toured in Canada and Australia in support of the album, and then went on to perform in Germany in April.

</doc>
<doc id="56591220" url="?curid=56591220" title="Patricia O. Daley">
Patricia O. Daley


</doc>
<doc id="56591233" url="?curid=56591233" title="Lysiphragma mixochlora">
Lysiphragma mixochlora

Lysiphragma mixochlora is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1888. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56591253" url="?curid=56591253" title="P. O. Daley">
P. O. Daley


</doc>
<doc id="56591266" url="?curid=56591266" title="CD Aguiluchos USA 2">
CD Aguiluchos USA 2


</doc>
<doc id="56591267" url="?curid=56591267" title="In Tongues (Deluxe)">
In Tongues (Deluxe)


</doc>
<doc id="56591269" url="?curid=56591269" title="Suzette Kent">
Suzette Kent

Suzette Kuhlow Kent is an American government official who served as Federal Chief Information Officer of the United States from January 29, 2018 until July 2020. She was the fourth person to formally hold the job of Federal CIO, which was created by the E-Government Act of 2002. The Federal CIO's office is a part of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). 
Education.
Kent earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from Louisiana State University.
Career.
Prior to her appointment as Federal CIO, she was a principal of the banking and capital markets advisory team at the Ernst &amp; Young Financial Services Office in Dallas.
Federal CIO.
Prior to her appointment, President Trump established the American Technology Council and issued the "Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure" (Executive Order 13800) establishing, that it is "the policy of the United States to manage cybersecurity risk as an executive branch enterprise." 
As CIO, Kent was responsible for setting federal IT policy and leading the Federal CIO Council, which is composed of CIOs from various federal government departments and agencies. Under the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002 (FISMA), federal agency program officials, chief information officers, and inspectors general (IGs) are required to conduct annual reviews of each agency's information security program and report the results to the OMB. The effectiveness of FISMA to date has been flawed by several high-profile security breaches in systems that should have been subject to regular FISMA reviews, for example the 2014 and 2015 Office of Personnel Management data breach.
In June 2020, she announced her retirement the following month. The office remained vacant until filled by President Biden after the change of administration.

</doc>
<doc id="56591272" url="?curid=56591272" title="East Bay FC Stompers Juniors">
East Bay FC Stompers Juniors


</doc>
<doc id="56591273" url="?curid=56591273" title="Avan Pithana">
Avan Pithana


</doc>
<doc id="56591279" url="?curid=56591279" title="Lynngård">
Lynngård


</doc>
<doc id="56591281" url="?curid=56591281" title="Immo (disambiguation)">
Immo (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56591285" url="?curid=56591285" title="Ehrenfried (name)">
Ehrenfried (name)


</doc>
<doc id="56591287" url="?curid=56591287" title="Ronderos">
Ronderos


</doc>
<doc id="56591289" url="?curid=56591289" title="Maxime Cosse">
Maxime Cosse

Maxime Cosse (born 20 March 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Belgian club RFC Huy. A two-footed attacker, he can operate in both flanks and behind the striker among other positions.
South Africa.
Bolstering Free State Stars' attack for 2018, Cosse was assuaged by his debut in a 2-0 win over Baroka, coming on in the 76th minute for Goodman Dlamini after receiving his work permit.
Upon arrival, the Belgian winger was compared to South African Premier Division foreigners Gustavo Paez and Jeremy Brockie.
On 23 December 2019, Cosse joined Belgian club RFC Huy. In April 2020, he signed a pre-contract with Solières Sport for the upcoming 2020-21 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56591293" url="?curid=56591293" title="Mchangama">
Mchangama


</doc>
<doc id="56591299" url="?curid=56591299" title="Pochta Bank">
Pochta Bank


</doc>
<doc id="56591304" url="?curid=56591304" title="Sergio Germán Romero">
Sergio Germán Romero


</doc>
<doc id="56591307" url="?curid=56591307" title="Manhunt (1976 film)">
Manhunt (1976 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56591324" url="?curid=56591324" title="Ng Eain Yow">
Ng Eain Yow

Ng Eain Yow (born 26 January 1998 in Kuala Lumpur) is a Malaysian professional squash player. As of December 2020, he was ranked number 26 in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="56591341" url="?curid=56591341" title="Scott Francis McTominay">
Scott Francis McTominay


</doc>
<doc id="56591342" url="?curid=56591342" title="Russia Post Bank">
Russia Post Bank


</doc>
<doc id="56591349" url="?curid=56591349" title="Judith Dipodiputro">
Judith Dipodiputro

Judith ‘Joe’ Dipodiputro is an Indonesian societal activist and public diplomacy professional. She is currently a special advisor to , the Indonesian Minister of State Owned Enterprises.
Judith Dipodiputro came to public attention in 1988 for her involvement as Executive Director of PPIP, an organization established under the patronage at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs by Francisco Xavier do Amaral, Lopes da Cruz, E.M. Tomodok and Josef Muskita. PPIP sought public support for the resolution of political differences between the Indonesian and Portuguese governments on Eeast Timor, while running welfare-creation initiatives for rural communities in the province.
A supporter of Saya Perempuan Anti Korupsi (SPAK), together with a number of other prominent women, former oil and gas executives and social activists, Dipodiputro advocates the establishment of a Direktorat Pengembalian Uang Negara Pada Sektor MIGAS within the Indonesian Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK).
Dipodiputro started promoting decentralization of authority from central government to regional governments when she was assistant to Ikhyar Musa, Chairman of the then Badan Koordinasi Otomatisasi Aparatur Negara, under the Ministry of State Apparatus. She became involved in the Pro-LH project, where regional governments of East Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan and South Kalimantan became prototypes for decentralization of authority in environmental management. Base of the result of these prototypes was the promulgation of Keputusan Presiden No. 97/1995.
She served as Special Assistant (Staff Khusus) to the Governor of South Kalimantan and the Vice Governor of Central Kalimantan; and as Special Advisor (Staff Ahli) to Bupati of Kutai Kartanegara. Intensely involved in integrating programs and budgets of government, private, scientific and aid agencies, organizations or institutions, with aim to allow strong permanent access to national and global value-chains, as the most responsible and effective approach to poverty alleviation.
Dipodiputro has been a low-profile environmental activist for more than 30 years. She was involved in the establishment of Kalpawilis Foundation (1995) where senior environmentalists such as Hadi Alikodra, Effendy, Nabil Makarim, Sarwono Kusumaatmadja were on its board. Currently she serves as Deputy Chairman of the Javan Gibbon Foundation and was one of the initiators of the 2012 petition signed by 62 NGOs who stand to withhold the protection of forests and ecosystems as a human right.
Dipodiputro's voluntarism in electoral campaigns started in Kutai Kartangara with her involvement in the electoral team which brought Syaukani Hassan Rais to become the first head of regional government in Indonesia to be elected through direct-elections, in 2005. In support of Ir. H. Joko Widodo's presidential campaign of 2014, she co-established the Luhur Bakti Pertiwi foundation (in 2012), Bravo-5, Relawan Industri MIGAS, Relawan Atlet dan Komunitas Olahraga; was also advisor to Relawan GK Center. She categorizes those involved in government affairs and electoral work into two categories: politicians and professionals. She believes that professionalism is the antidote to "irresponsible arrangements" and dirty/black campaign largely seen in Indonesia's electoral politics today.
In the private sector, Dipodiputro has held senior positions in Standard Chartered Bank, PT Citra Lamtorogung Persada, PT Citra Televisi Pendidikan Indonesia, and PT Indoexchange Tbk. She was also Chief Editor of the Daily Executive Economic Digest.
Before her assignment as Special Advisor to the Minister of State Owned Enterprises, she was Vice President for Corporate Communications, CSR and Operations Support of TOTAL E&amp;P Indonesie.
While on a voluntary basis served as Chairman of Pokja Papua, established in 2014 by Kantor Transisi Pemerintahan Jokowi-JK. Pokja Papua advocates and chaperones the inclusion of women, marginalized and indigenous communities of the Papua and West Papua provinces into the Indonesian economy.
Dipodiputro studied at The Faculty of Literature and Civilizations, University of Indonesia and was an IDEAS fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She also attended the Senior Executive Formation Course at LEMHANNAS.

</doc>
<doc id="56591350" url="?curid=56591350" title="Russian Post Bank">
Russian Post Bank


</doc>
<doc id="56591364" url="?curid=56591364" title="Thomas Godfrey Carey">
Thomas Godfrey Carey

Sir Thomas Godfrey Carey (5 January 1832 – 6 November 1906) was a Guernsey barrister who served as Attorney-General of Guernsey, Bailiff of Guernsey, and President of the States of Guernsey.
He was born in Saint Peter Port to Havilland Carey and Augusta Dobree. He married firstly, Susan Elizabeth Slade, in 1859, and secondly, Eliza de Sausmarez Grassic, daughter of Thomas Ritchie Grassic, of Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="56591367" url="?curid=56591367" title="Post Bank Russia">
Post Bank Russia


</doc>
<doc id="56591368" url="?curid=56591368" title="Joel Dinis Castro Pereira">
Joel Dinis Castro Pereira


</doc>
<doc id="56591373" url="?curid=56591373" title="Disappearance of Maëlys de Araujo">
Disappearance of Maëlys de Araujo


</doc>
<doc id="56591386" url="?curid=56591386" title="P O Daley">
P O Daley


</doc>
<doc id="56591390" url="?curid=56591390" title="PO Daley">
PO Daley


</doc>
<doc id="56591395" url="?curid=56591395" title="Andreas Hugo Hoelgebaum Pereira">
Andreas Hugo Hoelgebaum Pereira


</doc>
<doc id="56591403" url="?curid=56591403" title="Ryu ga Gotoku 0 Chikai no Basho">
Ryu ga Gotoku 0 Chikai no Basho


</doc>
<doc id="56591405" url="?curid=56591405" title="Samuel Luke Johnstone">
Samuel Luke Johnstone


</doc>
<doc id="56591418" url="?curid=56591418" title="Clairmont the Second">
Clairmont the Second

Clairmont The Second is the stage name of Clairmont II Humphrey, a Canadian rapper from Toronto, Ontario. His 2017 album "Lil Mont from the Ave" received a Juno Award nomination for Rap Recording of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2018. He also won the 2019 Prism Prize Hi-Fidelity Award and is a finalist for the 2020 Prism Prize (for "Brick").
Beginning his career in 2013, he released the mixtapes "Becoming a GentlemIIn", "Project II", and "A Mixtape by Clairmont The Second" before releasing the album "Quest for Milk and Honey" on Black Box Music in 2016. The album was a longlisted nominee for the 2017 Polaris Music Prize. "Lil Mont from the Ave" followed in 2017.
His song "Grip" was shortlisted for the 2020 SOCAN Songwriting Prize, and "Grip" was nominated for the same award in 2021.
In addition to his own music, Clairmont appeared as a guest musician on 2017 recordings by Del Bel and Grand Analog, as well as Haviah Mighty's 2019 album "13th Floor".
He is the younger brother of Colanthony Humphrey of the punk rock band The OBGMs.

</doc>
<doc id="56591419" url="?curid=56591419" title="Maëlys de Araujo">
Maëlys de Araujo


</doc>
<doc id="56591429" url="?curid=56591429" title="Ryu ga Gotoku">
Ryu ga Gotoku


</doc>
<doc id="56591431" url="?curid=56591431" title="Ryu ga Gotoku Of the End">
Ryu ga Gotoku Of the End


</doc>
<doc id="56591433" url="?curid=56591433" title="Kieran Michael O'Hara">
Kieran Michael O'Hara


</doc>
<doc id="56591435" url="?curid=56591435" title="Ryu ga Gotoku Kiwami">
Ryu ga Gotoku Kiwami


</doc>
<doc id="56591439" url="?curid=56591439" title="Ryu ga Gotoku 6 Inochi no Uta">
Ryu ga Gotoku 6 Inochi no Uta


</doc>
<doc id="56591441" url="?curid=56591441" title="Finesse (Remix)">
Finesse (Remix)


</doc>
<doc id="56591447" url="?curid=56591447" title="Matthew Olawale Olosunde">
Matthew Olawale Olosunde


</doc>
<doc id="56591452" url="?curid=56591452" title="Parkland, Florida Shooting">
Parkland, Florida Shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56591456" url="?curid=56591456" title="XHPJON-FM">
XHPJON-FM

XHPJON-FM is a radio station on 94.3 FM in Jonuta, Tabasco. It is known as Radio Río and owned by 
History.
XHPJON was awarded in the IFT-4 radio auction of 2017 — the only new FM station in Tabasco as a result of the auction — and came to air in January 2018, becoming the first commercial radio station in Jonuta. is jointly owned by Beatriz Elvira Cruz Méndez and Genoveva Gloria Prats Fernández.

</doc>
<doc id="56591461" url="?curid=56591461" title="French frigate L'Escarmouche">
French frigate L'Escarmouche

L'Escarmouche was a in the service of the Free French Naval Forces (FFNL) during World War II. Launched as HMS "Frome" in 1943, the ship was transferred to the Free French Naval forces and served in the postwar French Navy until her decommissioning in 1960.
History.
"L'Escarmouche" was laid down as HMS "Frome" in 1942 as a River-class frigate of the Royal Navy. She was launched on 1 June 1943, before being transferred to the FNFL and entering Free French naval service on 3 March 1944. During her service in World War II, "L'Escarmouche" was primarily occupied with escorting transports and supply ships in the English Channel. In June 1944 she served as an escort for American transports heading for Utah and Omaha Beach on D-Day. "L'Escarmouche" was escorting the landing ship when the latter was sunk by either an undersea mine or a submarine-launched torpedo on 28 December 1944. The frigate assisted in rescuing survivors from "Empire Javelin," but failed to find an attacker after conducting a sweep for a U-boat. Following the end of the war, "L'Escarmouche" remained in the service of the newly formed French Fourth Republic. She was decommissioned in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="56591468" url="?curid=56591468" title="Telluride Scholar">
Telluride Scholar


</doc>
<doc id="56591481" url="?curid=56591481" title="Pakriguri">
Pakriguri

Pakriguri is a small village near Salbari Bazaar in Baksa district in Indian state of Assam.

</doc>
<doc id="56591485" url="?curid=56591485" title="Khirbet ed-Deir">
Khirbet ed-Deir


</doc>
<doc id="56591487" url="?curid=56591487" title="Nicole Car">
Nicole Car

Nicole Car (born 1985) is an Australian operatic soprano. She has performed leading roles at the Metropolitan Opera, Royal Opera House, Vienna State Opera, Bavarian State Opera, Deutsche Oper Berlin, Semperoper Dresden, Opéra national de Paris, The Dallas Opera, and Opera Australia. Car is particularly associated with the roles of Tatyana in Eugene Onegin, Mimì in La bohème, Marguerite in Faust, Fiordiligi in Così fan tutte, Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni and Micaëla in Carmen, and has also given noted performances as Marguerite de Valois in Don Carlos, and the title roles in Luisa Miller and Thaïs.
Early life and education.
Car attended Strathmore Secondary School, where she performed in school musicals. In Year 12 she sang at the Victorian Schools' Spectacular, singing jazz songs from the 1930s and 40s.
At age 17, Car saw her first opera, "Tosca", in her final year of high school in Melbourne. She then completed a Bachelor of Music at the Victorian College of the Arts, rather than the legal degree her parents had hoped for.
Career.
Car's debut in a major role was singing Donna Anna in "Don Giovanni" with Victorian Opera in 2009. Her American debut was singing the Countess in "The Marriage of Figaro" at Dallas Opera in 2014, a role she had previously performed for Opera Australia. Other roles for Opera Australia include the title parts of "La traviata", "Thaïs" and "Luisa Miller" (winning her first Helpmann Award for the latter); Fiordiligi ("Così fan tutte"), Tatyana ("Eugene Onegin"), Micaëla ("Carmen"), Mimi ("La bohème"), Marguerite ("Faust"), Pamina ("Die Zauberflöte"), Leila ("The Pearl Fishers"), and both Donna Anna and Donna Elvira ("Don Giovanni"). She has also performed Donna Anna for West Australian Opera and Adalgisa in "Norma" for Victorian Opera Melbourne. In 2019 Car visited Australia to sing the role of Ellen in a recital version of the Benjamin Britten opera "Peter Grimes" with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. While there, she and her husband also performed a series of concerts together. In the 2019/2020 season, she will be back performing at the Sydney Opera House singing Tatyana to Étienne Dupuis' "Eugene Onegin". They also performed together in "Eugene Onegin" at the Montreal Opera House in 2019, Car making her Canadian debut.
Car made her Covent Garden debut in 2015, singing Micaëla in Bizet's "Carmen", followed by Tatyana in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" and a new production of "La bohème" as Mimì in the 2017/18 season. In 2020 she returns to the Royal Opera House as Mimì. Car had previously performed the role of Micaëla for Handa Opera on Sydney Harbour in 2013.
In Germany, Car performed at the Deutsche Oper Berlin (Tatyana, Fiordiligi, Marguerite and a Verdi Gala Concert), the Semperoper Dresden (Mimì, Fiordiligi) and the Bavarian State Opera in Munich (Tatyana). Car is back at Deutsche Oper Berlin in 2020 singing the title role of "Thaïs" alongside Étienne Dupuis.
In a review of her first recording, "The Kiss", Car's voice is described as possessing "a lovely lyric soprano".
Car made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in the role of Mimì ("La bohème") in September 2018, receiving critical acclaim from "The New York Times" for her "fine-grained tone and nuanced acting". She returned to the Met in 2020 as Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte".
Performances at the Paris Opera have included Tatyana, Mimì, Micaëla and her role debut as Elisabetta di Valois in "Don Carlo" in the 2019/2020 season. She also sang the role of Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni" in a new production at the Paris Opera which was broadcast by many international cinemas.
Personal life.
Car is married to Canadian baritone Étienne Dupuis. They have one child, Noah. Car was previously married to engineer Robin Stephenson.

</doc>
<doc id="56591488" url="?curid=56591488" title="Escape to Life">
Escape to Life

Escape to Life is a book of essays jointly written by the German writers Erika and Klaus Mann (daughter and son, respectively, of Thomas Mann). The book is about the world and culture of exiled German artists, scholars, and political figures during the initial part of the Nazi era, before the outbreak of World War II. It was originally published by Houghton Mifflin in the United States in English translation April 14, 1939; an expanded edition was published in German as "Escape to Life. Deutsche Kultur im Exil" in 1991. The German edition consisted largely of the original German-language texts, although a small portion of (about 5%) it had to be re-translated from English because the original texts were lost.
The book, commissioned by Houghton Mifflin, was a sort of "Who's Who" of the German exile community. The authors, Erika and Klauss Mann were themselves in American exile at the time, having escaped Germany in 1933, shortly after the Reichstag fire. Their work was translated from German to English by the Scottish writer/publicist Mary Hottinger. Many of the portrayed musicians, literary figures, artists, scientists and physicians frequented their father Thomas Mann's house. The original 375-page 1939 edition included illustrated biographies, anecdotes and character analyses of such German and Austrian exiles as Albert Einstein, Lion Feuchtwanger, Sigmund Freud, George Grosz, Ferdinand Kramer, Thomas Mann, Max Reinhardt, Arnold Schoenberg, Ernst Toller, Bruno Walter, and Stefan Zweig. One chapter, "Culture in the Third Reich," dealt with cultural figures such as Gustaf Gründgens who had come to terms with Nazi Germany.
The book remained unpublished in Germany, and in the German language, throughout the lifetime of its authors. In 1991, Edition Spangenberg (Munich) published a German-language version compiled by Heribert Hoven, who also wrote a foreword.
A film "Escape to Life - The Erika and Klaus Mann Story" (2000, Andrea Weiss and Wieland Speck), a documentary with dramatized episodes, told the story of Erika and Klaus Mann. Christoph Eichhorn played Klauss Mann in the dramatized scenes; elsewhere he was voiced by Corin Redgrave. Cora Frost played Erika Mann, voiced by Vanessa Redgrave.

</doc>
<doc id="56591490" url="?curid=56591490" title="Alphonse Ilunga">
Alphonse Ilunga

Alphonse Ilunga or Ilunga Dibwe Luakamanyabo (born 25 December 1931) is a Congolese politician.
Biography.
Alphonse Ilunga was born on 25 December 1931 in Tshikapa, Kasai, Belgian Congo into the Katawa clan of the Lulua. He later worked as a clerk for the Kasai Brewery. In 1958 he was elected to the Ndesha communal council and then subsequently appointed to the Luluabourg city council. His familial relations to the customary chief Kalamba Mangole contributed to his political success. He participated in the Belgo-Congolese Round Table Conference from January to February 1960 as a delegate for the Parti National du Progrès.
Ilunga served as the first Congolese Minister of Public Works under Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba. Following the dismissal of the Lumumba Government in September, he was made Minister of Art, Culture, and Sports under Joseph Iléo. In February 1961 he returned to his position as Minister of Public Works. Ilunga retained the office under Prime Minister Cyrille Adoula until July 1962 when Adoula reshuffled his government and made him Minister of Communications and Transport. In June 1964 he was elected to the steering committee of the press and propaganda arm of the Rassemblement des démocrates congolaise (RADECO). His service in the government ended on 9 July. In 1965 he was elected to the Senate. Following Joseph-Désiré Mobutu's seizure of power later that year, Ilunga was able to retain government positions due to the influence of Kalamba and his uncle Bakole wa Ilunga, Archbishop of Kananga. He reprised his role as Minister of Public Works on 16 August 1968, serving until 31 July 1969. In 1970 he was elected to the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="56591492" url="?curid=56591492" title="Monopis dimorphella">
Monopis dimorphella

Monopis dimorphella is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by John S. Dugdale in 1971. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56591493" url="?curid=56591493" title="HMS Frome">
HMS Frome


</doc>
<doc id="56591519" url="?curid=56591519" title="Sen Sōtan">
Sen Sōtan


</doc>
<doc id="56591525" url="?curid=56591525" title="おんせん">
おんせん


</doc>
<doc id="56591526" url="?curid=56591526" title="Demetri Kareem Mitchell">
Demetri Kareem Mitchell


</doc>
<doc id="56591536" url="?curid=56591536" title="Dean Bradley Henderson">
Dean Bradley Henderson


</doc>
<doc id="56591539" url="?curid=56591539" title="Union, Texas">
Union, Texas

Union is a populated place and CDP in Wilson County, Texas. The area is named for the local ghost town that was originally named "Union Valley." Today, the extant community of Union is located on FM Road 1681, about 56 miles southeast of San Antonio. The cemetery—still visible—used by the town's early inhabitants, contains the grave of Jane Bowen, the wife of outlaw John Wesley Hardin.
History.
The rural community was settled shortly before the start of the Civil War, and following that conflict grew up as Union Valley. In 1872 the settlement received the gift of a log school house and land from Harriet Smith Beaty, which was replaced with a framed structure in 1878. Union Valley was given a post office in 1883. By 1893, the town had a population of 300 and supported three general stores, a Methodist church, a mill, a saloon, the school, and a blacksmith. The two-room schoolhouse had an enrollment of 65 in 1903.
Union Valley was located very close to the nearby towns of Albuquerque and Nockenut. These towns ran along the Wilson County—Gonzales County line. At night, the lights from the three towns were visible to one another. Albuquerque and Nockenut are considered ghost towns as of 2020, and Union is a rural, spread out community with few families left.
The Union Valley cemetery is located five miles northwest of Nixon, off of FM 1681, between the Union Valley and the Albuquerque sites. The Mound Creek cemetery, north of Union near Nockenut, contains the grave site of John Wesley Hardin's first wife, Jane Bowen.
Name change.
The post office name was changed in 1900 to the simpler "Union", and that is what the area is known as today. In 1906, when the Galveston, Harrisburg, &amp; San Antonio Railroad by-passed the town, Union went into decline. The post office closed in 1915. In 2000, the community comprised 22 residents.
Legacy.
There are two historical markers referring to Union Valley at the site of the original town, located today on private property off Texas farm-to-market highway FM 1681.

</doc>
<doc id="56591547" url="?curid=56591547" title="Tina Louise Bomberry">
Tina Louise Bomberry

Tina Louise Bomberry (c. 1966 – February 10, 2018) was an Aboriginal Canadian actress, who performed in film, television, and on stage. She was best known for her role as Rosie Deela in the series "North of 60" and its three television films.
Career.
A member of the Mohawk Nation, Bomberry trained as an actress at Toronto's Native Theatre School in 1986 and Ryerson University in 1988. Her first credited appearance was a minor role in the 1989 television film "Where the Spirit Lives". She also appeared in the 1993 adaptation of the novel "Medicine River". From 1992 to 1997, she portrayed Rosie Deela in "North of 60" and its three follow-up films: "In the Blue Ground"
(1999), "Another Country" (2003), and "Distant Drumming" (2005).
In 1995, her work as Rosie was nominated for a Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role. She also performed with the De-ba-jeh-mu-jig Theatre Group.
Personal life.
In June 2015, Bomberry was involved in a single-vehicle accident that injured her and a child traveling with her. Bomberry was admitted in serious condition into the intensive care unit at McMaster University Medical Centre in Hamilton, where she eventually recovered.
Bomberry died on February 10, 2018, aged 52, at her home on the Six Nations reserve in Ohsweken. The cause of death has not been disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="56591548" url="?curid=56591548" title="2017–18 Hyderabad C.A. season">
2017–18 Hyderabad C.A. season

The "2017–18" season is Hyderabad cricket team's 84th competitive season. The Hyderabad cricket team and Hyderabad women's cricket team are senior men's and women's domestic cricket teams based in the city of Hyderabad, India, run by the Hyderabad Cricket Association. They represent the state of Telangana in domestic competitions.
Senior Men's team.
Squads.
Ambati Rayudu moved back from the Vidarbha to lead the Hyderabad while Balchander Anirudh moved from the Hyderabad to the Tamil Nadu and S Badrinath had opted to take a year-off from the first-class cricket ahead of the 2017–18 season. The Hyderabad team also got the new coach with J. Arunkumar replacing Bharat Arun.
Rayudu and Chama Milind got selected for India Red squad while Mohammad Siraj got selected for India Green squad for 2017-18 Duleep Trophy, a first-class cricket tournament in India. Ambati Rayudu missed the tournament because of knee injury while Mohammad Siraj was released from India Green squad as he got selected for India-A series.
Rohit Rayudu got selected for India A squad for 2017-18 Deodhar Trophy, a List A cricket competition in India.
Among 13 players who got their names for the IPL Auction, Ambati Rayudu got picked by Chennai Super Kings and Mohammed Siraj by Royal Challengers Bangalore while local franchise, SunRisers Hyderabad picked Mehdi Hasan and Tanmay Agarwal for 2018 Indian Premier League season.
Buchi Babu Tournament.
Hyderabad was invited for 2017–18 Kalpathi AGS - Buchi Babu Invitational Tournament, invitational tournament conducted annually by Tamil Nadu Cricket Association in the honour of M. Buchi Babu Naidu and began their campaign against Baroda at Chennai on 5 September 2017. They topped Group C with two wins in as many matches to advance to knockout stage. They won the tournament defeating TNCA Presidents XI by 8 wickets in final. Kolla Sumanth was later named as the player of the tournament.
Ranji Trophy.
Hyderabad began their campaign in Ranji Trophy, the premier first-class cricket tournament in India, against Maharashtra at Hyderabad on 6 October 2017. They finished in fourth in Group A with two wins, a draw and a loss while two home matches, one against Maharashtra and the other against Uttar Pradesh, were abandoned due to incessant rains.
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
Hyderabad began their campaign in Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, a Twenty20 tournament in India, against Kerala at Vizianagaram on 8 January 2018. They finished in fourth in South Zone with two wins and three losses.
Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Hyderabad began their campaign in Vijay Hazare Trophy, a List A cricket tournament in India, against Services at Hyderabad on 5 February 2018. They topped Group D with five wins and a loss to advance to knockout stage. They were eliminated in Quarter-finals where Karnataka defeated Hyderabad by 103 runs. Mohammed Siraj was the highest wicket-taker of the tournament with the total scalps of 23 in seven matches.
Senior Women's team.
Squads.
Himani Yadav, Ananya Upendran, Vellore Mahesh Kavya, Gouher Sultana and Sravanthi Naidu got selected for South Zone squad for 2017-18 Senior women's cricket inter zonal three day game, a Women's First-class cricket tournament in India.
One-Day League.
Hyderabad began their campaign in Senior women's one day league, Women's List A cricket tournament in India, against Andhra at Hyderabad on 6 December 2017. They finished in third in Elite Group A with a win and three losses.
Points Table.
 Top two teams advanced to Super League. 
 Bottom team relegated to 2018–19 Plate Group.
T20 League.
Hyderabad began their campaign in Senior Women's T20 League, a Women's Twenty20 cricket tournament in India, against Railways at Mumbai on 13 January 2018. They finished in last in Elite Group B with no wins and four losses and got relegated to Plate Group for 2018-19 season.
Points Table.
 Top two teams advanced to Super League. 
 Bottom team relegated to 2018–19 Plate Group.
Telangana T20 League.
Hyderabad Cricket Association launched the Telangana T20 League with an initiative to provide major boost to rural cricketers who lag behind due to lack of proper infrastructure and coaching facilities. Many Hyderabad players took part in the inaugural season and Adilabad Tigers won the tournament with Danny Dereck Prince scoring most runs of the tournament and Praneeth Raj taking most wickets.
See also.
Hyderabad cricket team 
Hyderabad women's cricket team 
Hyderabad Cricket Association

</doc>
<doc id="56591549" url="?curid=56591549" title="Regan Leslie Poole">
Regan Leslie Poole


</doc>
<doc id="56591552" url="?curid=56591552" title="西山温泉慶雲館">
西山温泉慶雲館


</doc>
<doc id="56591558" url="?curid=56591558" title="Matthew Anthony Willock">
Matthew Anthony Willock


</doc>
<doc id="56591572" url="?curid=56591572" title="P.O. Daley">
P.O. Daley


</doc>
<doc id="56591583" url="?curid=56591583" title="Mayfield, New South Wales (Queanbeyan-Palerang)">
Mayfield, New South Wales (Queanbeyan-Palerang)


</doc>
<doc id="56591588" url="?curid=56591588" title="NKVD special groups">
NKVD special groups

The special groups of the NKVD for fighting against nationalists () were units set up by the People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs of the Soviet Union to combat nationalist movements in territories annexed by the USSR due to the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact. In particular, they fought against the OUN and UPA in Western Ukraine; the Forest Brothers in the Baltic states; and the Black Cats in Belarus, all of which acted as collaborationists during the German-Soviet war. They were also known as the "Agent-Combat Groups (ABG)", "legend groups", "false UPA detachments" and the "NKVD units dressed as UPA fighters".
After the NKVD was reorganisation in 1946, these special groups continued to operate under the management of its successors, both the Ministry of Internal Affairs) (MVD) and the Ministry of State Security (NKGB).
The special groups of the NKVD operated in the Ukrainian SSR for ten years, since 1944 up to 1953. During that time, these forces captured, arrested, or killed thousands of people.
History.
Shortly before the Soviet-German war, significant territorial changes occurred on the Western Ukrainian ethnic lands. In March 1939 Carpatho-Ukraine declared its independence from Czechoslovakia but it was almost immediately occupied by the Kingdom of Hungary. East Galicia and Western Volyn were annexed by the USSR from Poland in October 1939, then the Soviet Union annexed Northern Bukovina and Bessarabia from the Kingdom of Romania in July 1940, due to the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact.
In 1944 the Red Army moving to the west reconquered the territory of Western Ukraine that was occupied by Nazi Germany and its allies in 1941. The Soviet authorities faced considerable opposition from the local population during the restoration of the Soviet regime in these territories. At that time, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) and the conspiratorial network of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN) were operating actively in Western Ukraine. In March 1944, in response to the situation, the NKVD Operational Headquarters was set up in Rivne to combat the Ukrainian national liberation movement.
Initially, in 1944-1945, the Soviet leadership underestimated the scale of the nationalist movements in Ukraine and sought to subdue the rebels by the date of a Soviet public holiday, mainly using military operations. However, this approach quickly proved futile. UPA subunits operated using guerrilla tactics, avoiding open battles with overwhelming enemy forces. Since the second half of 1945, on the instructions of the UPA command, large units of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army were split into smaller well-armed units, that were deployed in forests. In addition, the nationalists formed extensive secret underground networks in rural areas, each containing 10-15 people, termed "boyivka" ("боївка"), meaning militant groups. As a result, the Soviet authorities resorted to the extensive use of special tools.
The scale of the insurgency petered out after the Second World War. The last arrest of an OUN member by Soviet authorities took place in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="56591592" url="?curid=56591592" title="Engelbert–Schmidt zero–one law">
Engelbert–Schmidt zero–one law

The Engelbert–Schmidt zero–one law is a theorem that gives a mathematical criterion for an event associated with a continuous, non-decreasing additive functional of Brownian motion to have probability either 0 or 1, without the possibility of an intermediate value. This zero-one law is used in the study of questions of finiteness and asymptotic behavior for stochastic differential equations. (A Wiener process is a mathematical formalization of Brownian motion used in the statement of the theorem.) This 0-1 law, published in 1981, is named after Hans-Jürgen Engelbert and the probabilist Wolfgang Schmidt (not to be confused with the number theorist Wolfgang M. Schmidt).
Engelbert–Schmidt 0–1 law.
Let formula_1 be a σ-algebra and let formula_2 be an increasing family of sub-"σ"-algebras of formula_1. Let formula_4 be a Wiener process on the probability space formula_5.
Suppose that formula_6 is a Borel measurable function of the real line into [0,∞].
Then the following three assertions are equivalent:
(i) formula_7.
(ii) formula_8.
(iii) formula_9 for all compact subsets formula_10 of the real line.
Extension to stable processes.
In 1997 Pio Andrea Zanzotto proved the following extension of the Engelbert–Schmidt zero-one law. It contains Engelbert and Schmidt's result as a special case, since the Wiener process is a real-valued stable process of index formula_11.
Let formula_12 be a formula_13-valued stable process of index formula_14 on the filtered probability space formula_15.
Suppose that formula_16 is a Borel measurable function.
Then the following three assertions are equivalent:
(i) formula_17.
(ii) formula_18.
(iii) formula_9 for all compact subsets formula_10 of the real line.
The proof of Zanzotto's result is almost identical to that of the Engelbert–Schmidt zero-one law. The key object in the proof is the local time process associated with stable processes of index formula_14, which is known to be jointly continuous.

</doc>
<doc id="56591593" url="?curid=56591593" title="1988 Pacific Coast Athletic Association Men's Basketball Tournament">
1988 Pacific Coast Athletic Association Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1988 Pacific Coast Athletic Association Men's Basketball Tournament (now known as the Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament) was held March 10–13 at The Forum in Inglewood, California. This was the final tournament while the conference was still known as the PCAA; it would change to the Big West for the following season.
 defeated UC Irvine in the final, 86–79, and captured their first PCAA/Big West championship. The fifth-seeded Anteaters upset three-time defending champions UNLV in the semifinal round.
The Aggies, in turn, received an automatic bid to the 1988 NCAA Tournament. Fellow PCAA members UNLV and UC Santa Barbara (the Gauchos' first-ever tournament appearance) joined them in the field with at-large bids.
Format.
The tournament field expanded beyond eight teams for the first team, with all ten conference members in participation. The ten teams were seeded in the bracket based on regular season record.
The top six seeds were given a bye into the quarterfinal round while the four lowest-seeded teams were placed into the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="56591618" url="?curid=56591618" title="Tyron Lue">
Tyron Lue


</doc>
<doc id="56591623" url="?curid=56591623" title="Stephenston, South Australia">
Stephenston, South Australia

Stephenston is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the eastern side of the Flinders Ranges about north of the state capital of Adelaide and about east of the municipal seat of Quorn.
Boundaries for the locality were created in March 1997 for the “long established name“ which was “incorrectly spelt as Stephenson” in the South Australian Government Gazette of 13 March 1997 and is derived from the ceased Government Town of Stephenston whose site is located within the boundaries of the locality.
The Government Town of Stephenston which was located in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Palmer was surveyed in February 1879, proclaimed on 17 July 1879 and was finally declared as ‘ceasing to exist’ on 11 May 1961. A school operated from 1881 to 1915 and a post office operated from November 1879 to 1904.
Land use within the locality is concerned with primary production activities such as “pastoral and farming-related activities.” 
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Stephenston had a population of zero.
Stephenston is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral district of Giles and the local government area of the Flinders Ranges Council.

</doc>
<doc id="56591626" url="?curid=56591626" title="UN Genocide Convention">
UN Genocide Convention


</doc>
<doc id="56591633" url="?curid=56591633" title="Chumpy Pullin">
Chumpy Pullin


</doc>
<doc id="56591652" url="?curid=56591652" title="Piliostigma malabaricum">
Piliostigma malabaricum

Piliostigma malabaricum is a small (sometimes ornamental) tree species in the family Fabaceae. It was previously placed in the genus "Bauhinia", but names changed with reorganisation of the subfamily Cercidoideae and the tribe Bauhinieae.
This Asian species has been called the "Purple Orchid Tree" (although not to be confused with "Bauhinia purpurea" or "Bauhinia variegata") and names in Vietnamese are: "chân trâu" and "móng bò tai voi". The Catalogue of Life lists the subspecies "P. malabaricum acidum".

</doc>
<doc id="56591669" url="?curid=56591669" title="Kuldeep M. Pai">
Kuldeep M. Pai


</doc>
<doc id="56591673" url="?curid=56591673" title="Rose Laub Coser">
Rose Laub Coser

Rose Laub Coser (born May 4, 1916 August 21, 1994) was a German-American sociologist, educator, and social justice activist. She taught sociology at the State University of New York at Stony Brook from 1968 until her retirement in 1987. She was interested in the effect of social structures on individuals, and much her work fell within medical sociology, role theory, and sociology of the family.
Early life and family.
Rose Laub Coser was born on May 4, 1916, in Berlin, Germany. She is a daughter of Rachel Lea (Lachowsky) Loeb and Elias Laub, a polish printer and publisher. Her parents were passionate socialists and knew Rosa Luxemburg well. They named their first-born daughter Rose in honor of Luxemburg. Coser grew in a socialist environment upheld by her parents. In 1924, the family moved to Antwerp, Belgium. In Antwerp, Rose Laub lost her younger sister to an accidental death. Then, due to the Nazi threat, the Laubs emigrated to New York City, U.S. in 1939.
Rose Laub married Lewis A. Coser on August 25, 1942. Coser was a refugee who shared a common commitment to socialism with Laub and later became a noted sociologist. Laub and Coser bore two children, Ellen Coser Perrin, who later became a professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, and Steven Coser, who later became a computer scientist.
Education.
Rose Laub Coser studied philosophy at the École Libre des Hautes Étude, which is a Parisian institution that relocated to the New School for Social Research in New York City during the Nazi years. She began to work in the field of psychology by assisting researches of psychoanalyst and experimental child psychologist René Spitz and working for David Riesman on his study of political apathy, called "The Lonely Crowd" (1950) and "Faces in The Crowd" (1952). She then attended Columbia University and studied sociology, along with her husband Lewis A. Coser, under Robert S. Lynd and Robert K. Merton. In 1957, Coser earned Ph.D under the supervision of Robert K. Merton.
Contribution.
Coser made a number of contributions in many of the institutions she worked at. Her work at the Harvard University Medical School brought on a number of papers, including "Laughter Among Colleagues," which was about humor's social functions in mental hospitals, "Evasiveness as a Response to Structural Ambivalence," and a book, "".
Coser's major contributions fall within the areas of medical sociology, role theory, sociology of the family, and contemporary gender issues (both within family and the occupational world). Her contributions to medical sociology began at the start of her career. She completed case studies on the effects that bureaucratic organization of medical work affected patients and staff in mental and medical hospitals. Playing on Merton's role theory, Coser focused on the concepts of ambiguity and multiplicity. She was an advocate for the “liberating potential of a broad modern world.” Coser redefined important concepts within role theory and applied them the role of women in the family and workplace. Coser was a passionate feminist, and launched a class-action lawsuit against SUNY, for the recoupment of wages among female faculty and staff. She has served in important positions within the Society of Social Problems and the Eastern Sociological Society. Rose Coser published many works within the fields of medical sociology, sociology of the family, and gender roles. In her book "The Family: Its Structures and Functions," discusses the universality of the family structure as well as how these structures may differ depending on the society in which they exist. Her work in this book also included her ideas on the relationship between society and the family, the way that the family shapes individuals whose behaviors and attitudes are appropriate for the society in which they reside, and she even has work on alternative structures of family and the role of women in the family. She was a co-founder of the journal "Dissent" with Irving Howe and Lewis A. Coser, and frequently published in it. Though she was not particularly religious, Coser's Jewish background allowed her to make several contributions to and fill many gaps in literature on Jewish women.
Role theory.
Coser's work on role theory, which built on the work of her mentor, Robert K. Merton, demonstrates how people in modern society may take on multiple statuses and the roles that are attached to them, thus creating a wide social repertoire. However, according to Coser, women have historically been restricted from the acquisition of multiple and diverse roles, suffering more physical confinement and political, occupational restrictions, compared to men. In her classic paper written with Lewis A. Coser, "," she displays how the "greedy institution" of the family has restricted participation of women in public life and argues that denying public policies of women's access to institutionalized child reinforces social and political subordination.
The bulk of Coser's contribution within role theory is represented in "Social Rules and Social Institutions," a collection of works in honor of Rose Coser. In one of these essays, "The Complexity of Roles as a Seedbed of Individual Autonomy," Coser brings together the ideas of Robert K. Merton, Ferdinand Toennies, and George Simmel within the topic of complex versus simple role-sets. Rose Coser's work has brought together the theories and ideas of different sociologists. [For example, Lewis Coser, Peter Blau, and Helena Znancieka Lopata on role-theory; Gladys Rothbell (role of housewife); Cynthia Fuchs Epstein (roles of women in law); Jeffrey Rosenhold ("role-complexity and patterns of inheritance"); William D'Antonio (immigration of Jewish Italian women and families); Arlene Daniels (privileged women); Helga Nowotny (women the field of science); Nancy Chodrow (female psychoanalysts); Ellen Coser Perrin and James Perrin (physicians and their training); and Donald Light (protection of role in medicine).]
Works.
Coser was a prominent sociologist who could expand and reconceptualize theoretical frameworks. She pushed and deconstructed paradigms of functional theory, role theory, and modernism to explain complex processes. Her work was always driven theoretically, and even with those substantive, she could evoke the patterned behaviors and institutional frameworks of issues that she dealt with: she crafted and refined institutional analysis, provided conceptual tools for the dissection of social problems.
After receiving her Ph.D. in sociology from Columbia University, Rose Coser worked there as a research associate. She then moved on to do research at the University of Chicago. In 1951, Coser first was an instructor and then became an assistant professor at Wellesley College where she stayed for eight years before moving on to the department of psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School as a research associate. After her time at Harvard, Coser became an associate professor at Northeastern University. In 1968, both Lewis and Rose Coser became professors at the State University of New York (SUNY) and worked there until retirement.
Coser's most prominent works Include:
In Defense of Modernity: Complexity of Social Roles and Individual Autonomy, 1991.
"In Defense of Modernity: Complexity of Social Roles and Individual Autonomy" was Coser's last published book. The book is about modern society as a supportive environment for individualism against the traditional, superstitious, and repressive constraints.
Awards and honors.
Rose Laub Coser co-founded and frequently contributed to the journal "Dissent" and served for numerous times on editorial boards.
The Rose Laub Coser Dissertation Proposal Award.
In honor of the president Rose Laub Coser, her family, friends, and former students established the Rose Laub Coser Award within Eastern Sociological Society (ESS). The award is annually granted to a graduate student for an outstanding doctoral dissertation proposal in the area of sociology of the family or the gender and society.

</doc>
<doc id="56591689" url="?curid=56591689" title="Timeline of the 2014 Libyan Civil War">
Timeline of the 2014 Libyan Civil War


</doc>
<doc id="56591690" url="?curid=56591690" title="Mahmoud Hawi">
Mahmoud Hawi


</doc>
<doc id="56591698" url="?curid=56591698" title="Corunastylis densa">
Corunastylis densa

Corunastylis densa, commonly known as the dense midge orchid, is a small terrestrial orchid endemic to eastern Australia. It has a single thin leaf fused to the flowering stem and up to twenty five densely crowded reddish-brown to dark purplish-brown flowers. It is found between the New England National Park and the Moroka River.
Description.
"Corunastylis densa" is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single thin leaf long and fused to the flowering stem with the free part long. Between five and twenty five reddish-brown to dark purplish-brown flowers are densely crowded along a flowering stem long. The flowers lean downwards and are about long and wide. As with others in the genus, the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is about long and wide with hairless edges and a sharply pointed tip. The lateral sepals are about long, wide, turn downwards, spread widely apart from each other and have a small, white gland on the tip. The petals are about long, wide and also have a white gland on their tip. The labellum is elliptic to egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, about long and wide, thick and fleshy. There is a callus in the centre of the labellum and extending nearly to its tip. Flowering occurs from December to February.
Taxonomy and naming.
The dense midge orchid was first formally described in 1885 by Robert D. FitzGerald who gave it the name "Prasophyllum densum" and published the description in "Journal of Botany, British and Foreign". In 2005, David Jones and Mark Clements changed the name to "Corunastylis densa". The specific epithet ("densa") is a Latin word meaning "thick" or "close".
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families lists "C. densa" as a synonym of "Genoplesium nudiscapum".
Distribution and habitat.
"Corunastylis densa" grows in a range of habitats between Point Lookout in New South Wales and the Moroka River in Victoria but is absent from the Snowy Mountains and the Australian Capital Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="56591701" url="?curid=56591701" title="Mick Hawi">
Mick Hawi


</doc>
<doc id="56591727" url="?curid=56591727" title="Ghana Research Reactor-1">
Ghana Research Reactor-1

The Ghana Research Reactor-1 (GHARR-1) is a nuclear research reactor located in Accra, Ghana and is the only nuclear reactor in the country. It is operated by the National Nuclear Research Institute, a sub-division of the Ghana Atomic Energy Commission. The reactor is a commercial version of the Chinese Miniature Neutron Source Reactor (MNSR) design. The reactor had its first criticality on December 17, 1994.
Description.
GHARR-1 is a light water reactor with a maximum thermal power of 30 kW. Beryllium is used as a reflector and the reactor is cooled by natural convection. Low enriched fuel is used, although the reactor was initially designed for 90.2% enriched uranium. The reactor core has 347 fuel rods.
The reactor is mainly used as a research tool, including for neutron activation analysis and reactor physics experiments. Research has indicated that GHARR-1 could be used to produce the radionuclide Technetium-99 in the future. It is also used for education of university students at the University of Ghana School of Nuclear and Allied Sciences.
Conversion to low enriched uranium.
The miniature neutron source reactor (MNSR) design originally operated with high enriched uranium (HEU), typically 90% uranium-235 or greater. In 2006, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) developed a Collaborative Research Project (CRP) and eventually a MNSR working group to coordinate conversion to low enriched uranium (LEU) fuel, typically defined as lower than 20% Uranium-235. HEU is associated with increased proliferation risks, as it can be more easily diverted to non-peaceful uses of atomic energy than LEU. The Ghana Atomic Energy Commission is a member of the MNSR working group, and has successfully transitioned GHARR-1 to low enriched fuel.
Ghana was the first country outside of China to successfully convert their MNSR reactor to LEU. The HEU core was removed in August 2016 and the operation was completed in 2017. The original nuclear fuel was UAl4 with Al-303-1 cladding while the new LEU fuel is uranium dioxide at 13% enrichment with Zircaloy-4 cladding.

</doc>
<doc id="56591729" url="?curid=56591729" title="Evie Shockley">
Evie Shockley

Evie Shockley is an American poet. Shockley received the 2012 Hurston/Wright Legacy Award in Poetry for her book "the new black" and the 2012 Holmes National Poetry Prize. She was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 2018.
Early life and Education.
Shockley is originally from Nashville, Tennessee. Shockley received a BA from Northwestern University, studied law at the University of Michigan from whence she received her JD, and received a PhD in English from Duke University.
Career.
Shockley teaches at Rutgers University-New Brunswick in New Jersey.
Her work toured South Africa in 2007 as part of "Biko 30/30", an exhibit dedicated to activist Steven Biko.
She published the book "Renegade Poetics: Black Aesthetics and Formal Innovation in African American Poetry" in 2011. The book explores the poetics of the Black Arts Movement.
"the new black", published in 2011 was lauded by poet Le Hinton and he also said Shockley was the "present and future of poetry." In this book her poetry draws connections within our culture, for instance a poem that cites statistics and black lives through poetry.
In 2017 Shockley released her book of poetry, "semiautomatic". Her work includes a kind of collage style that mixes more tradition forms with quizzes or labels and compares historical figures and contemporary cultural icons with scenes of civil rights movements and atrocities of the twenty first century. The title plays with the same kind of pun referring to the gun and also her take on a cycle of contemporary reactions to violence. She dedicated this book to Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors, and Opal Tometi who founded Black Lives Matter.
Awards.
In 2012 she was awarded The Holmes National Poetry Prize. She was a MacDowell Colony Fellow in 2013. Shockley's book, "the new black", won the 2012 Hurston/Wright Legacy Award. "semiautomatic" was a 2017 finalist for "The Believer" Poetry Award and the "LA Times" Book Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="56591743" url="?curid=56591743" title="Carlin's Iceland">
Carlin's Iceland

Carlin's Iceland was an indoor artificial ice arena in Baltimore, Maryland, that was part of a city amusement park, known as Carlin's Park. It opened in December 1931, and was Baltimore's first indoor rink. The building was converted from a ballroom, to an ice surface measuring 85ft x 120ft, and seating for 1,200 people. In the first winter of operation, Iceland hosted school teams, before it was expanded for the following season. The Baltimore Orioles in the Eastern Amateur Hockey League played at Carlin's from 1932 to 1942. In its renovated setup, Iceland held 3,000 spectators, hosted annual winter carnivals, and once hosted a Sonja Henie show. 
Subsequent hockey teams to play at Iceland include, the United States Coast Guard Cutters from 1942 to 1944, and the Baltimore Blades/Baltimore Clippers from 1944 to 1949 in the EAHL, and a revived Baltimore Clippers team from 1954 to 1956, in the EHL. Carlin's Iceland burned down on January 23, 1956, when an explosion ignited the building, causing an estimated $175,000 in damages. Baltimore had 12 games remaining in its schedule at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="56591751" url="?curid=56591751" title="Hong Kong Island Warriors">
Hong Kong Island Warriors


</doc>
<doc id="56591756" url="?curid=56591756" title="Monopis ornithias">
Monopis ornithias

Monopis ornithias is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1888. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56591767" url="?curid=56591767" title="Quirindi Herald and District News">
Quirindi Herald and District News

Quirindi Herald and District News was an English language newspaper published from 1905 to 1925 in Quirindi, 346 km (215 mi) NNW of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Newspaper history.
"Quirindi Herald and District News" was preceded by "Quirindi Magpie", which was published from before 3 January 1899 (vol. 1, no. 45) until 30 May 1905 (vol. 7, no. 664). Also in publication before "Quirindi Herald and District News" was "Quirindi Gazette and Liverpool Plains Advocate", which was published from 1885, although this title continued until 1925. In 1925, on 3 July, the "Quirindi Advocate" came into being and continues to this day.
Digitisation.
"Quirindi Herald and District News" has been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program hosted by the National Library of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="56591780" url="?curid=56591780" title="King Arthur (Marvel Comics)">
King Arthur (Marvel Comics)


</doc>
<doc id="56591781" url="?curid=56591781" title="Öveç, Şemdinli">
Öveç, Şemdinli

Öveç (Kurdish: Sirûnis) is a village in the Şemdinli district of Hakkari province.

</doc>
<doc id="56591793" url="?curid=56591793" title="Bryan Lugo">
Bryan Lugo

Bryan Lugo (born August 7, 1982) is a Dominican-American actor, director. His most recognizable role may be in "The CW" series "Supergirl" as Looter. and as Ross the hitman in his recurring role on the Epix series "Get Shorty".
Career.
Bryan Lugo played Officer Burton in the IFC Films and La Petite Reine film "Maniac". The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival, out of competition. Lugo plays opposite Elijah Wood in the film, which premiered to a limited distribution in theaters on January 2, 2013. His other films include "Afternoon Delight", which premiered in the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, opposite Kathryn Hahn, Jane Lynch, and Juno Temple; "I Am Gangster" (2015); and Marvel Studios' "Ant-Man and the Wasp", opposite Tip "T.I." Harris, David Dastmalchian, and Walton Goggins, which premiered on July 6, 2018, worldwide in theaters.

</doc>
<doc id="56591797" url="?curid=56591797" title="Pablo Bueno">
Pablo Bueno

Pablo Sebastián Bueno (born 30 March 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Jaguares de Córdoba.
Career.
Bueno's youth career was spent with CAI and Defensa y Justicia. He made his professional debut for the latter in March 2009, during a goalless draw with Quilmes in Primera B Nacional. Five appearances later, Bueno scored his first senior goal in 2–1 defeat to Tiro Federal. A total of twenty-one appearances and five goals arrived over the next four seasons for Defensa y Justicia. In January 2012, Bueno joined Primera B Metropolitana side Flandria on loan. He scored on his debut against Estudiantes on 28 January, which was the first of seven goals in nineteen appearances for Flandria.
He rejoined Flandria for a second loan for the 2012–13 season. He went onto again score seven goals, in thirty-seven games, as the club finished 15th. In June 2013, Bueno was loaned to Defensores de Belgrano. Eight goals in thirty-nine appearances occurred. Subsequent loans to Platense (Primera B Metropolitana) and Gimnasia y Esgrima (Primera B Nacional) followed where he played a total of fifty-one matches and scored eight times. On 1 January 2016, Bueno rejoined Flandria on loan again. Two goals in seventeen games came during 2016, a season concluded ended with promotion.
Bueno returned to Defensa in July 2017 prior to immediately rejoining Flandria on loan for a fourth time in August. After finishing his loan with Flandria, Bueno left Defensa y Justicia permanently to sign for Almirante Brown on 30 June 2018. He made his bow in a 2–0 loss to Estudiantes on 20 August, before netting his opening goal against San Telmo on 29 August. Eight goals, including two over Deportivo Español, followed in thirty-three total matches. In June 2019, Bueno agreed terms with Jaguares de Córdoba of Colombia's Categoría Primera A. His debut arrived versus Unión Magdalena on 13 July.

</doc>
<doc id="56591799" url="?curid=56591799" title="Cartoon Lizard">
Cartoon Lizard

Cartoon Lizard is a Canadian indie pop band from Victoria, British Columbia. They have released 3 mid-length EPs. The band consists of Trevor Lang, Ritchie Hemphill, Alex Maunders, Shilo Preshyon and Brennan Doyle.
History.
Founding members Trevor Lang and Ritchie Hemphill formed a band in high school under the name "Animal Astronauts", which eventually disbanded and was replaced by the solo project of Trevor Lang. While Hemphill and Shilo Preshyon’s musical co-operations blossomed while living together in the city of Vancouver, and Preshyon and Alex Maunders found similarities in their musical style while attending Vancouver Community College, Brennan Doyle joined Lang’s solo act, re-emerging as the duo Tango Lima. After all five found themselves residing in Victoria, British Columbia, with no time-consuming musical obligations, Any previous projects were dropped to move forward with Cartoon Lizard, as all members had only dreamed of doing years prior. After the release of singles such as "Top of the Mornin'" and "Not Punk Not Raw", Cartoon Lizard found attention from various Canadian News outlets for their original and feel-good harmonies and idiosyncratic instrumentation.
Not Punk Not Raw.
In April 2017, Cartoon Lizard released their debut self-produced EP "Not Punk Not Raw". The EP was sold as a limited-run cassette tape as well as in digital download form. The EP received favorable praises from various Canadian media outlets such as Exclaim, Pop Matters, Ride the Tempo, and Indie88.
Sentinels.
In January of 2020, Cartoon Lizard released a series of singles dropped throughout the previous two years collectively, with the addition of the title track, as their second EP, Sentinels. The EP was previously available for online streaming, though additionally was given a limited cassette tape run.
Bless You, Thank You.
Cartoon Lizard released their latest and most ambitious project to date, "Bless You, Thank You", on April 15, 2020 to all streaming platforms. The ten track EP is the culmination of several singles and music videos put out throughout the year. During the making of "Bless You, Thank You", Brennan and Trevor were doubling in the studio working on the Haley Blais record produced by Tennis, while Shilo was tenuring with John Goodmanson on Wolf Parade’s 2020 record, Thin Mind. The project is available for online streaming, digital download, and is set to have a cassette tape run.
Musical style.
Their music has been described as "A cool mixture of '60s influenced psychedelic sunshine pop" and "Honest, quixotic, and feel-good", with their songs demonstrating "sun-drenched harmonies and groovy, retro-sounding instrumentation", and "simultaneously nuanced and extravagant tunes". The quintet cites acts such as Animal Collective, Beach Boys, Beatles, Sufjan Stevens, Wilco, The Flaming Lips, Joanna Newsom, Frank Ocean, GBV, MBV, Talking Heads, D’Angelo, &amp; Mouse On Mars as influences.

</doc>
<doc id="56591808" url="?curid=56591808" title="William Allen White House">
William Allen White House


</doc>
<doc id="56591840" url="?curid=56591840" title="Jericho cruz">
Jericho cruz


</doc>
<doc id="56591846" url="?curid=56591846" title="Beyyurdu, Şemdinli">
Beyyurdu, Şemdinli

 
Beyyurdu is a village in Şemdinli in the Hakkari Province in Turkey.
History.
The village contains people belonging to the Herki tribe who are of Kurdish origin. The village, named "Bé-Dīwé", "Bêdaiwê" and "Bedevi" in history, was the settlement of Assyrian people within the Nochiya tribe in the early 20th century, before they were displaced by Ottoman Turks in 1914 and onward. The Beyyurdu Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Bembo River (an eventual tributary of the Great Zab). 
Culture.
The village has two Syriac churches dedicated to St. John the Baptist and St. Cyriacus dating from the 5th-6th centuries.
Economy.
Because it's in a rural area, the economy of the village is based on agriculture and animal husbandry.
Infrastructure.
There is a primary school in the village and a sewer network. There is no PTT branch and agency. The village also lacks a health center and health home. The route that provides transport is made of asphalt. There is electricity and fixed telephone in the village. There are village mosques and lodgings and there is a water network in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56591851" url="?curid=56591851" title="Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting">
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56591869" url="?curid=56591869" title="Alex Succar">
Alex Succar


</doc>
<doc id="56591871" url="?curid=56591871" title="A Pagan Day">
A Pagan Day


</doc>
<doc id="56591880" url="?curid=56591880" title="Monopis typhlopa">
Monopis typhlopa

Monopis typhlopa is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1925. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56591887" url="?curid=56591887" title="Corunastylis laminata">
Corunastylis laminata

Corunastylis laminata, commonly known as the red midge orchid, is a small terrestrial orchid endemic to New South Wales. It has a single thin leaf fused to the flowering stem and up to twenty bright reddish flowers. It grows in heath and grassy forest in a few places on the South Coast and Central Tablelands.
Description.
"Corunastylis laminata" is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single thin leaf long and fused to the flowering stem with the free part long. Between five and twenty bright reddish flowers are arranged along a flowering stem long. The flowers lean downwards slightly and are long and wide. As with others in the genus, the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is about long and wide with hairless edges and darker coloured bands. The lateral sepals are long, about wide, turn downwards, with a humped base and a sharply pointed tip. There is sometimes a small gland on the tip of the lateral sepals. The petals are long, about wide with hairless edges. The labellum is oblong to egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, about long and wide and fleshy. There is a broad, tapering callus in the centre of the labellum and extending nearly to its tip. Flowering occurs from January to May.
Taxonomy and naming.
The red midge orchid was first formally described in 1885 by Robert D. FitzGerald who gave it the name "Prasophyllum laminatum" and published the description in "Journal of Botany, British and Foreign". In 2004, David Jones and Mark Clements changed the name to "Corunastylis laminata". The specific epithet ("laminata") is derived from the Latin word "lamina" meaning "a thin plate", "blade" or "sheet".
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families lists "C. laminata" as a synonym of "Genoplesium rufum".
Distribution and habitat.
"Corunastylis laminata" grows in heathy or grassy forest between Jervis Bay and Bowral.

</doc>
<doc id="56591889" url="?curid=56591889" title="Can Aeronaut Space J">
Can Aeronaut Space J


</doc>
<doc id="56591890" url="?curid=56591890" title="Can. Aeronaut. Space J.">
Can. Aeronaut. Space J.


</doc>
<doc id="56591893" url="?curid=56591893" title="J Aéronaut Spat Can">
J Aéronaut Spat Can


</doc>
<doc id="56591895" url="?curid=56591895" title="J. Aéronaut. Spat. Can.">
J. Aéronaut. Spat. Can.


</doc>
<doc id="56591896" url="?curid=56591896" title="Can Dimens">
Can Dimens


</doc>
<doc id="56591897" url="?curid=56591897" title="Can. Dimens.">
Can. Dimens.


</doc>
<doc id="56591902" url="?curid=56591902" title="Int J">
Int J


</doc>
<doc id="56591903" url="?curid=56591903" title="Int. J.">
Int. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56591907" url="?curid=56591907" title="Can J Econ Political Sci">
Can J Econ Political Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56591908" url="?curid=56591908" title="Terry Kershaw">
Terry Kershaw

Terry Kershaw (March 9, 1952 - October 28, 2015) was an American sociologist and Professor of Africana Studies at the University of Cincinnati. He served as a board member of the National Council of Black Studies.
Career.
Kershaw was Chair of Sociology and Anthropology, and the Director of Black Studies at The College of Wooster.
External links.
“In Memoriam: Terry Kershaw”. The Journal of Pan African Studies, vol.8, no.9, December 2015, pp.i-ii (http://www.jpanafrican.org/docs/vol8no9/8.9-2-Terry.pdf).

</doc>
<doc id="56591909" url="?curid=56591909" title="Can. J. Econ. Political Sci.">
Can. J. Econ. Political Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56591913" url="?curid=56591913" title="Contributions Can Econ">
Contributions Can Econ


</doc>
<doc id="56591914" url="?curid=56591914" title="Contributions Can. Econ.">
Contributions Can. Econ.


</doc>
<doc id="56591918" url="?curid=56591918" title="Can J Exp Psychol">
Can J Exp Psychol


</doc>
<doc id="56591920" url="?curid=56591920" title="Can. J. Exp. Psychol.">
Can. J. Exp. Psychol.


</doc>
<doc id="56591922" url="?curid=56591922" title="Can J Hist">
Can J Hist


</doc>
<doc id="56591923" url="?curid=56591923" title="Can. J. Hist.">
Can. J. Hist.


</doc>
<doc id="56591924" url="?curid=56591924" title="Ann Can Hist">
Ann Can Hist


</doc>
<doc id="56591926" url="?curid=56591926" title="Ann. Can. Hist.">
Ann. Can. Hist.


</doc>
<doc id="56591928" url="?curid=56591928" title="Can J Hum Sex">
Can J Hum Sex


</doc>
<doc id="56591929" url="?curid=56591929" title="Can. J. Hum. Sex.">
Can. J. Hum. Sex.


</doc>
<doc id="56591931" url="?curid=56591931" title="Can J Nurs Res">
Can J Nurs Res


</doc>
<doc id="56591932" url="?curid=56591932" title="Can. J. Nurs. Res.">
Can. J. Nurs. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56591934" url="?curid=56591934" title="Can J Political Sci">
Can J Political Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56591935" url="?curid=56591935" title="Can. J. Political Sci.">
Can. J. Political Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56591938" url="?curid=56591938" title="Can Pharm J">
Can Pharm J


</doc>
<doc id="56591939" url="?curid=56591939" title="Can. Pharm. J.">
Can. Pharm. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56591944" url="?curid=56591944" title="Can Rev Stud Natl">
Can Rev Stud Natl


</doc>
<doc id="56591945" url="?curid=56591945" title="Can. Rev. Stud. Natl.">
Can. Rev. Stud. Natl.


</doc>
<doc id="56591958" url="?curid=56591958" title="HYTELNET">
HYTELNET


</doc>
<doc id="56591964" url="?curid=56591964" title="Hum Nat">
Hum Nat


</doc>
<doc id="56591965" url="?curid=56591965" title="Hum. Nat.">
Hum. Nat.


</doc>
<doc id="56591966" url="?curid=56591966" title="Evolución (political coalition)">
Evolución (political coalition)

Evolución Ciudadana or simply Evolución , was an Argentine political coalition founded by Martin Lousteau in the City of Buenos Aires.
Currently, under the name Radical Evolution, is the internal radical group led by Martín Lousteau, that governs the Radical Civic Union in the district of Buenos Aires.
History.
It was founded in 2015 as Organized Citizen Energy, or simply ECO, to compete against Horacio Rodriguez Larreta in the 2015 City of Buenos Aires elections. The coalition was made up of Public Trust, Radical Civic Union, Civic Coalition ARI, Socialist Party and the Authentic Socialist Party.
In 2017 ECO was renamed Evolution, and now it is only made up of the UCR (led by Lousteau) and the PS (led by Roy Cortina), because Elisa Carrió (Civic Coalition) and Ocaña (Public Trust) joined Vamos Juntos.
The coalition ran in the legislative elections of 2017, winning three seats in the Chamber of Deputies.
Evolución integrates the "Radical Evolution" bloc, in the Chamber of Deputies of Argentina.
Evolución joined the Juntos por el Cambio coalition for the 2019 Argentine general election, electing Martin Lousteau to the Senate and expanding its caucus in the Legislature to 9 seats, making it the third largest party in the Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="56591967" url="?curid=56591967" title="Indian Lit">
Indian Lit


</doc>
<doc id="56591968" url="?curid=56591968" title="Indian Lit.">
Indian Lit.


</doc>
<doc id="56591971" url="?curid=56591971" title="Int Stud">
Int Stud


</doc>
<doc id="56591972" url="?curid=56591972" title="Int. Stud.">
Int. Stud.


</doc>
<doc id="56591973" url="?curid=56591973" title="Libu Party">
Libu Party

The Libu Party (Berber language: Akabar en Libu, ⴰⴾⴰⴱⴰⵔ ⴻⵏ ⵍⵉⴱⵓ, Arabic: حزب ليبو) also known as Libya The Nation Party, is a Libyan political party founded in 2017 by the former World Amazigh Congress president Fathi Ben Khalifa. The main headquarters of the party is in the coastal city of Zuwara with other branches in Tripoli, Ubari and other cities. 
According to its founder, the party is aimed at establishing a secular democratic Libyan state. The party defends on the Amazigh (Berber) Libyan identity instead of Arabism. The party also calls for the recognition of the Berber language (Tamazight) as an official language of the State of Libya.
The Party president also said he is "not sure" whether the party would participate or not in the elections proposed by the UN to be held in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56591978" url="?curid=56591978" title="Int Stud J">
Int Stud J


</doc>
<doc id="56591979" url="?curid=56591979" title="Int. Stud. J.">
Int. Stud. J.


</doc>
<doc id="56591980" url="?curid=56591980" title="Hipertextnet">
Hipertextnet


</doc>
<doc id="56591983" url="?curid=56591983" title="Lang Acquis">
Lang Acquis


</doc>
<doc id="56591984" url="?curid=56591984" title="Lang. Acquis.">
Lang. Acquis.


</doc>
<doc id="56591986" url="?curid=56591986" title="Lang Teach">
Lang Teach


</doc>
<doc id="56591987" url="?curid=56591987" title="Lang. Teach.">
Lang. Teach.


</doc>
<doc id="56591988" url="?curid=56591988" title="Silvio Wolf">
Silvio Wolf

Silvio Wolf (born 1952, in Milan) is an Italian artist living in Milan and New York. He teaches photography at the European Institute of Design in Milan and is a visiting professor at the School of Visual Arts in New York.
Education.
Wolf studied Philosophy and Psychology in Italy and Photography and Visual Arts at the London College of Printing, where he received the Higher Diploma in Advanced Photography.
Career.
Early Work.
"Silvio Wolf is one of those rare European artists of the latest generation, who have based their creative work entirely on experimentation involving the technical nucleus of the resources of photography. They bring out a new world of images that are structurally dense and at the same time distant if not ungraspable. In his work, Wolf constantly approaches the point where photography is no longer the creation of a mirror image of reality, the capturing of an image in the speed of an instant, but the close up exploration of how images themselves form and appear."- From 1977-1987 Wolf explored and studied the laws, language, and two-dimensional nature of the image. During this time Wolf met the conceptual artist , whose impact on Wolf’s work can be traced back to the idea of merging the analytical elements of his imagery with phenomenological factors. In the early 1980s Wolf traveled to the Middle East, where he encountered the Islamic vision of space, in which images are in which images are transposed in codes and geometries, containing the concepts of the infinite and the void. These aspects resonated with Wolf, leading him to develop through the series "Architectures" (1981-2008) those concepts that would become the visual and symbolic cornerstones of his entire research: the ideas of “absence,” “elsewhere, and the “threshold." One of his earliest and most seminal works, "The Two Doors" (1980), shows a Moorish-style door that opens to another door, forming a dark and unreadable zone between them. According to Giorgio Verzotti, this small area is actually “the darkness that allows the perception of light and thus vision and the visual.”
Light, Time, and the Threshold.
Though Wolf has developed his practice through a plurality of languages, “light,” “time” and “the threshold” are fundamental themes in his artistic inquiries". Icons of Light" (1993-2007) are the result of a simultaneous process of generation and destruction: the very light that generates the photographic image destroys the painted one. Of the original paintings, only the perspective frame and the painted surface remain visible, while the light employed in the capture process materializes as the actual subject of representation. The "Icons" are spatial bodies on which perception constantly wavers between two-dimensional surfaces and three-dimensional forms, between here and elsewhere. "Light Wave" is a site-specific installation presented at the 53rd Venice Biennale in 2009. By capturing long exposures of the light radiated by a film projector without the use of a tripod, the bodily vibrations of Wolf’s breathing and hand, as well as the numerous film frames, were absorbed into a single image. In establishing an intimate relationship between time and light, Wolf questions the notion of time. In this sense, time becomes the critical element that not only gives identity to the image but also the chance to densely materialize it.
For Wolf, in photography, the term abstraction indicates "the abstraction from the river of time”. In his series Horizons (2006-2014) each Horizon is defined as a “scripture of light” self-generated by the camera when light reaches the film while loading the camera. Photochemically inscribed where the black of lightlessness breaks into bands and fields of reds, oranges, yellows, and white- which contains all possible color, where exposed, the result is the visible form of a coincidence among time exposure, light radiation, environment conditions and chance. Stripped of all external subject matter, the actual object of these photographs is the language of photography itself, not signifying the given but the possible, the embrace of all possible images.
Mirrors.
In his most recent works, the back-lit black mirrors of "Meditations" (2009-2016), and ink-jet prints on highly reflective mirrored surfaces of "Mirror Thresholds" (2006-2014) and "Shivah" (2014), Wolf focuses on the experiential realm: shifting attention and displacing meaning away from the image and towards the he-she who sees. These mirrored works are produced by the absence of information, or in some cases by its excess, where the surface is devoid of an image it generates light and reflection, simultaneously representing what lies inside and outside the work. The viewer is standing on the threshold, in the mirror surface that shows us, the viewer, reflected elsewhere in another virtual, but extremely real space. Jacqueline Ceresoli has written, “Wolf’s inscriptions of light materialize the perceptive experience and go beyond the contemplative aspect to generate emotional and cognitive sensations together, because everything happens the moment one looks at them. Through photographs, that are conceptual objects, the possible relations not of things, but of the signifier and the signified as Saussure would define them, are investigated.”
Installations and Public Art.
The practice of installations also constitutes a significant part of Wolf’s artistic career. With "Great Western Wall" (1987) Wolf began to develop a new way of thinking about photography and space , moving away from the two-dimensional format and extending his practice to the third dimension, creating experiential site-specific works that openly challenged the boundaries of perception, making use of light, sound, projections and the moving image. Frequently the locations Wolf intervenes in possess rich histories, taking as his starting point the traces and signs found in a given place. He collects them and elaborates the project away from the site, in his studio; then he brings back the processed signs to their place of origin, to create new relations and visions in the form of an installation. According to the curator Cristina Casero, “in these projects, as in all of the artist’s output, light plays a fundamental role and is an active element, rich with symbolic intensity and communicative power, capable of concretely determining an elsewhere, an abstraction not seen as an escape from the real, but as its deeper, sublimated and at the same time open interpretation.”
Exhibitions.
Wolf's exhibitions and temporary and permanent installations have been presented in galleries, museums and public spaces in Belgium, Korea, Canada, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, Luxembourg, Spain, Switzerland and the United States. He has participated, among other shows, in New Image 1980 in Milan, Aktuell ’83 in Munich, Documenta VIII in 1987 in Kassel, the 53rd Venice Biennale in 2009 and at Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea in Milan in 2011. Wolf's work is in collections in North America and Europe, including the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the ; the Institut Valencià d'Art Modern, Valencia; and the Centre Canadien d’Architecture, Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="56591989" url="?curid=56591989" title="Libert Communism">
Libert Communism


</doc>
<doc id="56591990" url="?curid=56591990" title="Libert. Communism">
Libert. Communism


</doc>
<doc id="56591995" url="?curid=56591995" title="Mach Learn">
Mach Learn


</doc>
<doc id="56591996" url="?curid=56591996" title="Mach. Learn.">
Mach. Learn.


</doc>
<doc id="56592002" url="?curid=56592002" title="Natural Language Engineering (journal)">
Natural Language Engineering (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56592004" url="?curid=56592004" title="Nat Lang Eng">
Nat Lang Eng


</doc>
<doc id="56592005" url="?curid=56592005" title="Nat. Lang. Eng.">
Nat. Lang. Eng.


</doc>
<doc id="56592010" url="?curid=56592010" title="1959-60 FK Partizan season">
1959-60 FK Partizan season


</doc>
<doc id="56592012" url="?curid=56592012" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's shot put">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's shot put


</doc>
<doc id="56592014" url="?curid=56592014" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's triple jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's triple jump


</doc>
<doc id="56592015" url="?curid=56592015" title="1967 Paris-Tours">
1967 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56592016" url="?curid=56592016" title="Khirbet ad-Deir">
Khirbet ad-Deir


</doc>
<doc id="56592019" url="?curid=56592019" title="1969 Paris-Tours">
1969 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56592020" url="?curid=56592020" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's long jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's long jump


</doc>
<doc id="56592022" url="?curid=56592022" title="1933-34 Celtic F.C. season">
1933-34 Celtic F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="56592024" url="?curid=56592024" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's shot put">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's shot put


</doc>
<doc id="56592025" url="?curid=56592025" title="1944-45 Arsenal F.C. season">
1944-45 Arsenal F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="56592029" url="?curid=56592029" title="1963 Paris-Tours">
1963 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56592034" url="?curid=56592034" title="1968 Paris-Tours">
1968 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56592036" url="?curid=56592036" title="1964 Paris-Tours">
1964 Paris-Tours


</doc>
<doc id="56592037" url="?curid=56592037" title="1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's long jump">
1979 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's long jump


</doc>
<doc id="56592040" url="?curid=56592040" title="Engelbert-Schmidt zero-one law">
Engelbert-Schmidt zero-one law


</doc>
<doc id="56592047" url="?curid=56592047" title="Soc Anal">
Soc Anal


</doc>
<doc id="56592048" url="?curid=56592048" title="Soc. Anal.">
Soc. Anal.


</doc>
<doc id="56592051" url="?curid=56592051" title="Soc Psychol">
Soc Psychol


</doc>
<doc id="56592052" url="?curid=56592052" title="Soc. Psychol.">
Soc. Psychol.


</doc>
<doc id="56592057" url="?curid=56592057" title="Sociol Health Illn">
Sociol Health Illn


</doc>
<doc id="56592058" url="?curid=56592058" title="Sociol. Health Illn.">
Sociol. Health Illn.


</doc>
<doc id="56592063" url="?curid=56592063" title="Theor Linguist">
Theor Linguist


</doc>
<doc id="56592064" url="?curid=56592064" title="Theor. Linguist.">
Theor. Linguist.


</doc>
<doc id="56592067" url="?curid=56592067" title="Rear-Admiral Second-in-Command 1st Battle Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Second-in-Command 1st Battle Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592070" url="?curid=56592070" title="Trinity Journal (theology)">
Trinity Journal (theology)


</doc>
<doc id="56592073" url="?curid=56592073" title="Trinity J">
Trinity J


</doc>
<doc id="56592075" url="?curid=56592075" title="Trinity J.">
Trinity J.


</doc>
<doc id="56592077" url="?curid=56592077" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Battle Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Battle Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592081" url="?curid=56592081" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding 1st Battle Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding 1st Battle Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592089" url="?curid=56592089" title="Distributed Comput">
Distributed Comput


</doc>
<doc id="56592090" url="?curid=56592090" title="Distributed Comput.">
Distributed Comput.


</doc>
<doc id="56592091" url="?curid=56592091" title="List of school shootings in Canada">
List of school shootings in Canada


</doc>
<doc id="56592093" url="?curid=56592093" title="School shootings in Canada">
School shootings in Canada


</doc>
<doc id="56592099" url="?curid=56592099" title="Apple A series">
Apple A series


</doc>
<doc id="56592100" url="?curid=56592100" title="Apple W series">
Apple W series


</doc>
<doc id="56592101" url="?curid=56592101" title="Apple S series">
Apple S series


</doc>
<doc id="56592102" url="?curid=56592102" title="Apple T series">
Apple T series


</doc>
<doc id="56592103" url="?curid=56592103" title="Ecomont">
Ecomont


</doc>
<doc id="56592106" url="?curid=56592106" title="Stephenston">
Stephenston


</doc>
<doc id="56592112" url="?curid=56592112" title="J Insect Sci (Ludhiana)">
J Insect Sci (Ludhiana)


</doc>
<doc id="56592113" url="?curid=56592113" title="J. Insect Sci. (Ludhiana)">
J. Insect Sci. (Ludhiana)


</doc>
<doc id="56592123" url="?curid=56592123" title="Henry Lamar Crosby">
Henry Lamar Crosby

Henry Lamar Crosby (May 17, 1880 – March 20, 1954), known as H. Lamar Crosby, was an American classicist who served as dean of the graduate school of the University of Pennsylvania.
Crosby graduated from high school in San Antonio, Texas and completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Texas. While at Texas, due to a paucity of funds, he supported himself as a day laborer and dairy farm hand. The financial generosity of an uncle allowed him to attend Harvard University, from which he received his Ph.D. After stints at the University of Missouri and Princeton University, Crosby began teaching at the University of Pennsylvania and, from 1928 to 1938, was dean of its graduate school. With John Nevin Schaeffer he was the author of "Introduction to Greek", which later became a popular textbook on the subject, remaining in print for the 20 years after publication. In 1925 he spent a year as annual professor at the American School of Classical Research in Athens, participating in the archaeological excavation of the Athenian market.
He was invested into the Royal Order of George I at the rank of commander, and was a member of the Archaeological Institute of America. His son, Oliver S. Crosby, was United States Ambassador to Guinea from 1977 to 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="56592126" url="?curid=56592126" title="Rear Admiral Third and Fourth Division">
Rear Admiral Third and Fourth Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592129" url="?curid=56592129" title="Zond series">
Zond series


</doc>
<doc id="56592130" url="?curid=56592130" title="Proton K">
Proton K


</doc>
<doc id="56592133" url="?curid=56592133" title="Zions Bank Stadium">
Zions Bank Stadium

Zions Bank Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Herriman, Utah, United States, with a seating capacity of 5,000. The stadium is home to Real Monarchs, a United Soccer League team affiliated with Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer, and the Utah Warriors, a Major League Rugby team. The stadium is part of the $78 million Zions Bank Real Academy, which includes the academy and training facilities for Real Salt Lake, and is near the Mountain View Corridor. It was originally scheduled to open on March 31, 2018, but moved back to April after construction delays. In May 2017, Real Salt Lake and Zions Bank announced a sponsorship deal that would give the bank naming rights to the stadium.
Facilities.
Zions Bank Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium at the center of the Zions Bank Real Academy, a sports campus in Herriman, Utah. The pitch measures , the same dimensions as Rio Tinto Stadium (the home of Real Salt Lake), and uses a Greenfields MX artificial surface. The east side includes a press box, owners suite, and hospitality spaces on the east side of the pitch. The stadium's roof has of solar panels that provide 166 kW of electricity.
History.
Real Salt Lake chose Herriman as the site of the stadium and academy in early 2016. The club had previously considered options in the West Valley City area and planned an 8,000-seat stadium at the Utah State Fairpark until negotiations in the state government fell apart. Construction began in August 2016 and the academy's charter school opened in August 2017. The charter school, built to serve players and residents of nearby areas, focuses on a STEM cirriculum and includes an on-site dormitory. Real Salt Lake and Real Monarchs began using the indoor training facilities in January 2018, replacing preseason camps held in California and Arizona.
Due to the stadium's proximity to the academy's charter school, away, it was unable to obtain a liquor license and was not initially able to serve alcoholic beverages. Under state laws, the license cannot be issued to businesses whose entrance is within of a school. In response, Real Salt Lake relocated the entrance to the northwest corner, at a cost of $250,000, and received a license from the state liquor commission. The stadium also features a 166-kilowatt array of solar panels on its roof.
The first sporting event at the stadium, a Utah Warriors match against the Prairie Wolf Pack, took place on April 20 and was attended by 3,143 people. Real Monarchs played their first home match on April 30, a scoreless draw against Las Vegas Lights FC that was attended by 4,065 spectators.
Other events.
Soccer.
In June and July 2020, Zions Bank Stadium and Rio Tinto Stadium hosted the 2020 NWSL Challenge Cup, a special competition to begin the National Women's Soccer League's 2020 season after it was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Zions Bank Stadium hosted the competition's early rounds, with play moving to Rio Tinto Stadium for the semifinals and final.
Lacrosse.
The 2020 season of the Premier Lacrosse League was moved to Zions Bank Stadium, with the Championship Series played in July and August. The teams and support staff were housed at the Real Salt Lake Training Academy under quarantine.

</doc>
<doc id="56592144" url="?curid=56592144" title="WBKI (AM)">
WBKI (AM)


</doc>
<doc id="56592146" url="?curid=56592146" title="Napa Silverados roster">
Napa Silverados roster


</doc>
<doc id="56592153" url="?curid=56592153" title="Rear Admiral in the Third and Fourth Divisions">
Rear Admiral in the Third and Fourth Divisions


</doc>
<doc id="56592154" url="?curid=56592154" title="Lloyd Garrison Wheeler">
Lloyd Garrison Wheeler

Lloyd Garrison Wheeler, Sr. (1848-1909) was an African-American attorney, businessman, philanthropist, and political leader. Wheeler was the first black American to practice law in the state of Illinois and was influential in the establishment of Provident Hospital of Cook County — a medical facility still extant in the 21st century.
Biography.
Early years.
Lloyd Garrison Wheeler was born May 29, 1848 in Mansfield, Ohio. His father was active in the underground railroad movement, providing secret accommodations for escaping slaves from the Southern United States en route to freedom in Canada. With the illegalization of underground railroad activity the family moved to Chatham, Ontario, Canada, and it was there that Wheeler attended school.
Following the death of his mother, the 11-year old Wheeler returned to the United States, settling in Chicago, where he would work in a variety of jobs. Gaining a position as the first black mail carrier in Chicago, Wheeler took advantage of his free time to begin studying for a career in law, reading in the office of local attorney George Bellows. Wheeler gained admission to Union College of Law, a forerunner of the Northwestern School of Law, and in 1869 passed the Illinois state bar examination to become a practicing attorney. He was the first black American admitted to the bar in the state of Illinois.
Legal career.
Wheeler moved South from Illinois to Arkansas. In 1870, he was a delegate to the Arkansas Republican state convention and by the following year had been admitted to the Arkansas state bar. In 1872 he was a Presidential elector for Republican candidate Ulysses S. Grant.
Wheeler worked briefly in private practice with another attorney before departing to take a position as county attorney for Pulaski County. Wheeler would remain in that position until 1873. Following his stint as county attorney, Wheeler returned to private legal practice before gaining a seat on the Pulaski County Board of Commissioners.
The collapse of Reconstruction in 1877 and the growth of white terrorism in the form of the Ku Klux Klan spelled an end for Wheeler's political and legal career in Arkansas, and in 1879 Wheeler abandoned the state to return to the growing city of Chicago. He was active in the Illinois state militia, rising to the rank of Major.
In Chicago Wheeler left the legal profession to take a job as a financial manager for wealthy investor John Jones, shortly before the latter's death. Wheeler would make a career of managing Jones' various commercial and real estate interests on behalf of the family, eventually marrying one of Jones' nieces, the former Ranie Petit. Together the couple would have seven children.
Wheeler associated with the monied upper crust of black society in Chicago. This enabled him to engage in philanthropic fundraising, and he was influential in helping establish Provident Hospital of Cook County — a medical enterprise which survived into the 21st century. 
A friend of Booker T. Washington since the 1880s, in 1901 Wheeler came to Washington's aid by establishing the Chicago chapter of the National Negro Business League.
By 1903, with faltering businesses, Wheeler was ready to accept Washington's offer to move back South again, this time to Tuskegee, Alabama to manage the finances of the Tuskegee Normal and Industrial School. In addition to the handling of business affairs for the Institute, Wheeler also served as the superintendent of the school building and its campus.
Death and legacy.
While at Tuskegee Wheeler's health began to decline, and he died there on August 28, 1909. He was 61 years old at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="56592155" url="?curid=56592155" title="Lloyd G. Wheeler">
Lloyd G. Wheeler


</doc>
<doc id="56592156" url="?curid=56592156" title="L. G. Wheeler">
L. G. Wheeler


</doc>
<doc id="56592158" url="?curid=56592158" title="L.G. Wheeler">
L.G. Wheeler


</doc>
<doc id="56592162" url="?curid=56592162" title="Vice Admiral Commanding Second Division">
Vice Admiral Commanding Second Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592164" url="?curid=56592164" title="Bangladesh Muslim League">
Bangladesh Muslim League

Bangladesh Muslim League (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ মুসলিম লীগ) is a political party in Bangladesh that traces its origins to the All India Muslim League, established in 1906.
The party was banned along with other Islamic parties after the Independence of Bangladesh in 1971. It was once again legalized in 1976 when Abdus Sabur Khan revived the Muslim League and was elected president of the party. A former leader of the party, Shah Azizur Rahman would become the Prime Minister of Bangladesh after joining the Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
History.
The Bangladesh Muslim League traces its origins to the All India Muslim League of the British Raj established in 1906 in Dhaka with goals to support the Crown and to protect the Muslims of India without opposing the other groups in India.
After the Partition of India and the Independence of Pakistan in 1947, the All India Muslim League became the Pakistan Muslim League. The Pakistan Muslim League was voted into power in East Pakistan. In the 1955 elections in East Pakistan, the Pakistan Muslim League lost control of the provincial legislature to the United Front. In the 1960s the Muslim League split into two separate parties, Pakistan Muslim League (Convention) and the Council Muslim League.
In 1971 after the Bangladesh Liberation war, East Pakistan became Bangladesh and banned all religion-based parties including Pakistan Muslim League (Convention) and the Council Muslim League.
In 1976 the Political Parties Regulation Ordinance was passed which legalized both parties. Both parties then combined into one and formed the Bangladesh Muslim League on August 8, 1976.
In 1978 the Bangladesh Muslim League separated into two factions. Abdus Sabur Khan led the conservative faction of the party and Shah Azizur Rahman led the more liberal faction. Azizur Rahman joined the Bangladesh Nationalist Party soon after. The Bangladesh Muslim League, led by Abdus Sabur Khan won 20 seats in the 1979 parliamentary election.
After the death of Sabur Khan, the Bangladesh Muslim League divided into multiple factions. Two factions (the Bangladesh Muslim League and Bangladesh Muslim League - BML) still exist and are registered under the Bangladesh election commission.
The Bangladesh Muslim League's current president is Adv. Badurddoza Ahmed Suza and the General Secretary is Kazi Abul Khair.

</doc>
<doc id="56592168" url="?curid=56592168" title="Anne Gelb">
Anne Gelb

Anne E. Gelb is a mathematician interested in numerical analysis, partial differential equations, and Fourier analysis of images. She is John G. Kemeny Parents Professor of Mathematics at Dartmouth College.
Research interests.
More specifically, Gelb describes her research as "developing highly accurate and efficient data-driven numerical methods for extracting important information in applications such as medical imaging, synthetic aperture radar imaging, climatology, signal processing, and fluid dynamics".
Education and career.
Gelb graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1989, with a bachelor's degree in mathematics. She went to Brown University for her graduate studies, completing a Ph.D. in 1996. Her dissertation, "Topics in Higher Order Methods for Partial Differential Equations", was supervised by David I. Gottlieb.
After postdoctoral research with Herbert Keller at the California Institute of Technology, she joined the department of mathematics and statistics at Arizona State University in 1998. In 2016 she moved from Arizona State to Dartmouth as the John G. Kemeny Parents Professor. She serves on the Scientific Advisory Board for the Institute for Computational and Experimental Research in Mathematics (ICERM).

</doc>
<doc id="56592169" url="?curid=56592169" title="Rear Admiral in the Second Division">
Rear Admiral in the Second Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592172" url="?curid=56592172" title="Stoneman High School shooting">
Stoneman High School shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56592184" url="?curid=56592184" title="Rear Admiral in the First Division">
Rear Admiral in the First Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592188" url="?curid=56592188" title="Manila Bulletin Publishing Corp. Group">
Manila Bulletin Publishing Corp. Group


</doc>
<doc id="56592206" url="?curid=56592206" title="Corunastylis trifida">
Corunastylis trifida

Corunastylis trifida, commonly known as the blackish midge orchid, is a small terrestrial orchid endemic to New South Wales. It has a single thin leaf fused to the flowering stem and up to twenty five dark purplish-black and green flowers. It grows in heath in scattered places in the Sydney basin.
Description.
"Corunastylis trifida" is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single thin leaf long and fused to the flowering stem with the free part long. Between five and twenty five dark purplish-black and green flowers are arranged along a flowering stem long. The flowers lean downwards slightly and are long and wide. As with others in the genus, the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is long and about wide with hairless edges and darker coloured bands. The lateral sepals are about long and about wide, with a humped base and a sharply pointed tip. The petals are about long and about wide with hairless edges and a sharply pointed tip. The labellum is egg-shaped, about long and wide, thick and fleshy. There is a broad, tapering callus in the centre of the labellum and extending nearly to its tip. Flowering occurs from January to April.
Taxonomy and naming.
The blackish midge orchid was first formally described in 1941 by Herman Rupp who gave it the name "Prasophyllum trifidum" and published the description in "The Victorian Naturalist". The specimen was collected near Castlecrag. In 2004, David Jones and Mark Clements changed the name to "Corunastylis trifida". The specific epithet ("trifida") is a Latin word meaning "three-cleft", referring to the shape of the column.
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families retains the name "Prasophyllum trifidum" for "C. trifida".
Distribution and habitat.
"Corunastylis trifida" grows in heath or heathy forest between Kurri Kurri and Middle Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="56592211" url="?curid=56592211" title="Watch It">
Watch It

Watch It is a 1993 American comedy film written and directed by Tom Flynn and starring Peter Gallagher, Suzy Amis, John C. McGinley, Jon Tenney, Cynthia Stevenson, Lili Taylor and Tom Sizemore.
Reception.
The film has a 56% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert awarded the film two and a half stars. Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the film a B+.

</doc>
<doc id="56592213" url="?curid=56592213" title="Commander New Zealand Division">
Commander New Zealand Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592217" url="?curid=56592217" title="Commander New Zealand Station">
Commander New Zealand Station


</doc>
<doc id="56592219" url="?curid=56592219" title="Johan Christopher Haar Daae">
Johan Christopher Haar Daae

Johan Christopher Haar Daae (August 2, 1759 – September 10, 1827) was a Norwegian priest and politician. 
Daae was born Lindås as the son of the priest and landowner Ludvig Daae (1723–1786) and Drude Catrine Daae. He received his theology degree in 1781. Daae initially worked for the geographical land survey in Jutland for four years before he was appointed a curate in Lindås, where his father served. Daae was the parish priest at Norddal Church from 1804 to 1820, and then in Veøy, where he succeeded Jens Stub. Daae was married to Susanne Grythen (1760–1808).
Together with the churchwarden Ole A. Dahle, Daae was selected to represent the parish of Norddal (including Sunnylven and Geiranger) at the meeting on March 25, 1814, where representatives from Romsdal county were chosen for the Norwegian Constituent Assembly. Daae died in Veøy.
Descendants.
Daae had several notable descendants:

</doc>
<doc id="56592220" url="?curid=56592220" title="Lemon Glow">
Lemon Glow


</doc>
<doc id="56592223" url="?curid=56592223" title="2018 NBA All-Star Weekend">
2018 NBA All-Star Weekend


</doc>
<doc id="56592224" url="?curid=56592224" title="Lu Yang (footballer)">
Lu Yang (footballer)

Lu Yang (; born 3 March 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Chengdu Better City in the China League One.
Club career.
Lu Yang started his professional football career in 2011 when he joined Tianjin Teda for the 2011 Chinese Super League campaign. In March 2012, he transferred to China League Two side Hebei Zhongji. On 29 July 2017, he made his debut for Hebei in the 2017 Chinese Super League against Shanghai Shenhua, coming on as a substitute for Luo Senwen in the 46th minute. He was sent to the Hebei China Fortune reserved team in 2018.
On 27 February 2019, Lu transferred to League Two newcomer Chengdu Better City. He would go on to win promotion with the club as they came runners-up at the end of the 2019 China League Two season.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020."

</doc>
<doc id="56592232" url="?curid=56592232" title="Vladimir Polyakov">
Vladimir Polyakov

Vladimir Polyakov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56592234" url="?curid=56592234" title="Ministry of the Navy (disambiguation)">
Ministry of the Navy (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56592235" url="?curid=56592235" title="Utah State Fairpark">
Utah State Fairpark


</doc>
<doc id="56592240" url="?curid=56592240" title="Leeco">
Leeco


</doc>
<doc id="56592246" url="?curid=56592246" title="H. Lamar Crosby">
H. Lamar Crosby


</doc>
<doc id="56592249" url="?curid=56592249" title="H.L. Crosby">
H.L. Crosby


</doc>
<doc id="56592252" url="?curid=56592252" title="Commander-in-Chief on the Lisbon Station">
Commander-in-Chief on the Lisbon Station


</doc>
<doc id="56592254" url="?curid=56592254" title="Peter Nicholls (artist)">
Peter Nicholls (artist)

Peter Clement Fife Nicholls (27 April 1936 – 3 February 2021) was a New Zealand artist who created large, outdoor works. His public art sculptures, often combining steel and native timbers, commented on the New Zealand landscape and its colonial history.
Life.
Nicholls was born in Whanganui, New Zealand in 1936. He was educated at the Canterbury University School of Fine Arts in Christchurch, the Auckland Teachers' College, and the University of Auckland Elam School of Fine Arts. In the 1960s he spent some time as an Auckland high school art teacher. In 1978–79 Nicholls completed a Master of Fine Arts degree at the University of Wisconsin-Superior, and in 1979 he became a Lecturer in Sculpture at the Otago Polytechnic School of Art in Dunedin, New Zealand, a position he held until 2001.
Nicholls was married to the artist Di ffrench for more than thirty years, until her death in 1999. They had four children. In 2001 he married Steph Bate, a registered nurse. He lived and worked in Dunedin, New Zealand. The Dunedin Public Art Gallery presented "Journeywork", a major retrospective of Nicholls's career, in 2008.
A stroke in 2019 restricted Nicholls' ability to sculpt, though he continued producing smaller-scale works. Nicholls suffered a second stroke in January 2021 from which he never fully recovered. He died in Dunedin on 3 February 2021.
Career.
Nicholls first gained critical notice in the early 1970s with "Probe", a series of large, outdoor works that used native kanuka timber to evoke the old log fences of rural New Zealand. Works from the series were displayed in 1972 outside the Osborne Gallery in Auckland and in 1973 at the Mildura Sculpture Triennial. According to art critic Jodie Dalgleish, "The "Probe" series had subtly begun to explore what would become Nicholls's central interest in an artistically motivated kind of physics concerned with the matter, energy, motion and force of sculptural structure and its interactions with natural and cultural forces."
In the mid to late 1970s, Nicholls created his "New Land" sculpture series. Produced at a time when New Zealanders were reassessing their colonial history, the series explores the impact of settler culture on the native landscape. Nicholls is himself a descendant of the writer and missionary the Rev. Richard Taylor, who was present at the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi. "New Land III" (1975), made from chiselled beams of totara, wire, and steel, is today in the Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki. 
In 1978 Nicholls represented New Zealand at a Sculpture Symposium held in tandem with the Edmonton 1978 Commonwealth Games. While there, Nicholls created the thirteenth work in the "New Land" series, which would serve as the maquette for a major kinetic sculpture, "Counterpoise" (1978), commissioned for the Muttart Conservatory in Edmonton. His time at the University of Wisconsin-Superior resulted in the "Wisconsin" series: "Wisconsin 7", renamed "Measure" (1981), today stands in the courtyard of the University of Auckland School of Architecture and Planning.
In the 1980s, Nicholls produced a number of large-scale sculptures that "explored and related the socio-spatial effects of art and architecture." Several of these works, including "Spine" (1986, Auckland Domain, near the Auckland War Memorial Museum) and "Toroa" (1989, Dunedin Public Art Gallery, on display in the Dunedin Harbour Basin), position large cuts of wood in ways that overtly reference skeletal movement. Academic Peter Leech has commented that "Toroa" (the Māori word for albatross) captures "the paradox of flight in that winged ponderousness and spine muscularity of the bird heaving its half ton-ness off the ground in a ruffle of massive feathers." Another major work, "Bridge" (1985–86), was commissioned by the University of Otago and stands near the centre of the university campus. "In "Bridge"," writes poet and art critic David Eggleton, "Nicholls created an arch of arrested movement from huge railway bridge beams that ... appear to twirl yet are suspended frozen, bolted together."
In 1989, Nicholls spent three months in Europe and found new inspiration in recent sculptural works like Andy Goldsworthy's "Sidewinder" (1985) in Grizedale Forest and Kier Smith's "Iron Road" (1986) in the Forest of Dean Sculpture Trail. An important work produced in the wake of these experiences was "Whanganui" (1990), today in the collection of the Sarjeant Gallery. This complex work was inspired by a journey undertaken by Nicholls's ancestor Richard Taylor along the Whanganui River. Made of two native woods, rimu and totara, and two woods introduced to the area by Taylor, willow and poplar, the winding, nine-metre work imitates the movement of the river, but various objects embedded into the wood (a river paddle, a brass compass, a Māori adze-head) suggest the impact of both native and settler culture.
In the late 1990s and early 2000s, Nicholls created some of his largest and most recognised sculptures. "Rakaia" (1996–97) is Nicholls's contribution to the international sculpture collection at Gibbs Farm, north of Auckland;"Tomo" (2005) is at the Connells Bay Sculpture Park on Waiheke Island; and "Junction" (2009) stands near the railway line at New Lynn, Auckland. In 2013, Nicholls gifted another large work, "Moorings", to the city of Whanganui, his birthplace. The work, which references the Whanganui River's nine tributaries, is sited beside the river at Moutua Quay.
In a 2007 interview, Nicholls explained his philosophy of art: "My work has always concerned the land. Travel and teaching has been an important part of this. The time and materials, and our use of all such resources, are a constant in my work. I never cut living trees on principle, being committed to creating ‘new life’ from discards. Thus, in the materials and the forms, there is the dialectic of the ephemeral and the permanent, life and its short space within time."
At least two portraits of Nicholls are owned by major New Zealand national collections. Adrienne Martyn’s 1985 photograph, "Peter Nicholls, Sculptor, Auckland 22.4.85," is held at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa. Alan Pearson's 1986 oil on canvas, "Portrait of the sculptor Peter Nicholls," is in the collection of the Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki.

</doc>
<doc id="56592255" url="?curid=56592255" title="Lamar Crosby">
Lamar Crosby


</doc>
<doc id="56592258" url="?curid=56592258" title="Kaechele">
Kaechele


</doc>
<doc id="56592259" url="?curid=56592259" title="Resistance (series)">
Resistance (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56592264" url="?curid=56592264" title="Clippingdale">
Clippingdale


</doc>
<doc id="56592269" url="?curid=56592269" title="Jin Ye-ju">
Jin Ye-ju

Jin Ye-ju (born Kim Yeon-seo on 6 August 1996) is a South Korean actress.

</doc>
<doc id="56592278" url="?curid=56592278" title="Broeck">
Broeck

Broeck () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56592284" url="?curid=56592284" title="Deputy-Director of Operations Division">
Deputy-Director of Operations Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592288" url="?curid=56592288" title="Assistant-Director of Operations Division">
Assistant-Director of Operations Division


</doc>
<doc id="56592290" url="?curid=56592290" title="Sylvie (song)">
Sylvie (song)

"Sylvie" is a 1998 song written and performed by British pop group Saint Etienne, released as the first single from their fourth album, "Good Humor". Produced by Swedish record producer, composer and musician Tore Johansson, it peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart and number 62 on the Eurochart Hot 100. The music video of the song was shot in Havana, Cuba.
Critical reception.
Swedish newspaper "Arbetet Nyheterna" stated that the "slightly disco stroked" song is "the most adorable pop song" since "Lovefool" with the Cardigans. They added that it is "masterful in both the melody and the arrangement." Marc Weingarten from "Entertainment Weekly" called it a "frothy pop-dance" treat. Mike Boehm from "Los Angeles Times" deemed it "a typically light confection that owes a lot to Abba's "Dancing Queen", although it puts a twist and a spin on the Swedes' swooning luster." He noted that Cracknell "goes on to flesh out the role of an older sister who fears losing her boyfriend to little sister's charms." Jim Wirth from "NME" stated that it, together with "He's on the Phone" are "a stellar amalgamation of handbag house and Bacharachian pop aesthetics." Joshua Klein from "Pitchfork" wrote that on the song, "the band even tips its hat to ABBA." Rob Sheffield from "Rolling Stone" commented, "Even when Sarah sings about boy trouble – in "Sylvie," her little sister tries to steal her beau – she sounds cooler than ice cream and warmer than the sun." 

</doc>
<doc id="56592291" url="?curid=56592291" title="Carlos Mauro Hoyos">
Carlos Mauro Hoyos

Carlos Mauro Hoyos Jiménez (Támesis, Antioquia, July 26, 1939 – Rionegro, Antioquia, January 25, 1988) was a Colombian jurist and politician. He was the general inspector of the nation from September 1987 until he was kidnapped and assassinated by hitmen under orders of Medellín Cartel.
Biography.
Hoyos was a lawyer from Medellín University, specialising in constitutional law. During his public life, he worked for the Judiciary of Colombia and was a member of the Colombian Liberal Party. He also was a municipal judge and councilman for the town El Retiro. At the departamental ambit, he was a deputy, treasurer and Comptroller for the department Antioquia; he also was a Representative in the Colombian Congress several times and general secretary of the Colombian Liberal Party.
On September 17, 1987, Carlos Mauro Hoyos took office as the general inspector of the nation, after being elected by the Senate of Colombia. He began his position at one of the Colombian History's most critical times, due to the increasing terrorist threat by narco-traffic, headed by Pablo Escobar. During his administration as the general inspector of the nation, Hoyos had a close relationship with Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), which made him a target of the cartel.
Kidnapping and death.
This criminal plot began a week earlier, on January 19, 1988, when the then candidate for Bogotá Mayorship and future Colombian president Andrés Pastrana Arango was kidnapped at his campaign house in Bogotá. A week later, on January 25, 1988, Carlos Hoyos was kidnapped when he was being driven to the Airport José María Córdoba of Rionegro after having visited Medellín. His bodyguards Jorge Enrique Loaiza and Gonzalo Villegas were killed, while the general inspector ended up wounded and taken by the kidnappers to a ranch near the zone. As a reaction, Colombian Army deployed military sweeping operations on the zone. Around 11:30 a.m., a group of police men arrived to inspect a ranch in the zone El Retiro, where coincidentally Andrés Pastrana was being kept in captivity. A police man offered himself to take the position of Andrés in order to facilitate his liberation and, at the same time, to guarantee the kidnappers to take flight. Nevertheless, minutes later, when Pablo Escobar learned about what had happened with Pastrana, he ordered his men to kill the general inspector Carlos Mauro Hoyos as a way to discourage the triumph of the government and give credit to the cartel.
According to Jhon Jairo Velásquez alias Popeye - then hitman of Pablo Escobar - Hoyos was kidnapped since Escobar wanted to have him politically judged on the grounds of treason. Such accusation was based on Escobar being informed on Hoyos being allegedly bribed by Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) to approve the extradition of Colombian citizens to the United States, while also receiving money from Escobar to abolish it. Furthermore, Popeye stated that Hoyos, being wounded, was captured, taken away and hidden in a ranch located at the east of Antioquia, where he then was guarded by three men. Because of the deployed military sweeping operations on the zone, Escobar would order Popeye to kill him. Hence Popeye would put on a sweater and glasses, get in an old Jeep, which previously he had filled with books and medicine, and drive to the zone. On the road, there would be a military checkpoint that made him stop the car. Popeye then would claim that he was a student and that was in a hurry to get to a nearby ranch because a sick relative needed the medicine with urgency. His convincing story would let him get through the military checkpoint. Upon arriving at the ranch, Popeye would explain Hoyos the reason of his kidnapping and let Hoyos know that he would be executed immediately, since his trial had to be brought on earlier because of the military operations on the zone. Velásquez himself then would kill Hoyos by shooting him three times, take his body and abandoned it near a dried riverbed, near where Andrés Pastrana was being kept in captivity.
According to Juan Pablo Escobar, Pablo Escobar's son, in his book, his father put the kidnapping of Carlos Mauro Hoyos in motion in order to put more pressure on the Colombian State. Furthermore, he tired of waiting for Hoyos to make a pronouncement against the extradition; Pablo and Hoyos had once talked about it in private and Hoyos had promised to make such declaration. Pablo delegated this kidnapping to Pinina, who then recruited six of his best men to carry it out. During the action, a shootout ensued, resulting in Hoyos's bodyguards killed, one of the Pinina's men, alias Pitufo, severely wounded and Hoyos also wounded in a leg. Because of the deployed military operation on the zone and the Pastrana's rescue, Pablo ordered Pinina to kill Hoyos as a way to discourage the triumph of the government and give credit to the Cartel. Therefore, Pinina killed him by shooting him eleven rounds.
In 1991, David Ricardo Prisco Lopera, leader of the gang Los Priscos, also was accused of the murder of Carlos Mauro Hoyos, and other criminal acts.
Funeral.
The day of his funeral, the song “Soy colombiano” was played, since it was one of his favourites, while his acquaintances recounted he liked drinking "aguardiente" and hearing music in the bars of his hometown El Retiro (Antioquia). His body was buried in the cemetery Campos de Paz.
Reactions.
The reaction of the government of Virgilio Barco was issuing a severe anti-terrorism penal regimen that was named Statute for Defending the Democracy. At the same time, the government promised that the crime would not go unpunished. However, this was just the starting point of a narcoterrorist continuous period perpetuated by Pablo Escobar Gaviria and his henchmen to stain Colombia with blood.
Media.
In 2012, the Colombian private channel Caracol Televisión premiered the series "Pablo Escobar, The Drug Lord", inspired by the life of Pablo Escobar, leader of the Medellín Cartel. The character of Carlos Mauro Hoyos was performed by the actor Carlos Manuel Vesga.

</doc>
<doc id="56592292" url="?curid=56592292" title="Hana, man, mona, mike">
Hana, man, mona, mike


</doc>
<doc id="56592295" url="?curid=56592295" title="Deputy-Director of Operations Division (Home)">
Deputy-Director of Operations Division (Home)


</doc>
<doc id="56592300" url="?curid=56592300" title="Deputy-Director Operations Division (Foreign)">
Deputy-Director Operations Division (Foreign)


</doc>
<doc id="56592303" url="?curid=56592303" title="Timothy May">
Timothy May


</doc>
<doc id="56592304" url="?curid=56592304" title="Izrael Kanal">
Izrael Kanal

'Izrael Kanał, also known as Mietek and Jehuda, was a Jewish resistance soldier in the Warsaw Ghetto and a participant of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943.
Biography.
Izrael Kanał was born in Bydgoszcz, Poland. He was a member of the Zionist organization Akiba. Kanał served in the Jewish Ghetto Police under the command of Józef Szeryński. On August 21, 1942, he carried out a failed assassination attempt on Szeryński in his apartment at Nowolipki Street in Warsaw. Szeryński was severely wounded with two bullets but survived. The attack was a consequence of the death sentence declared on Szeryński by the Jewish Combat Organization for collaboration with the Germans. During the Ghetto uprising in April 1943, Kanał was the commander of JCO fighters in the Central Ghetto. On May 10, 1943, along with a group of Jewish fighters, he was evacuated outside the ghetto walls by the Polish resistance. Later arrested by the Germans and presumably died in Auschwitz-Birkenau in 1943.
Recognition.
The name of Izrael Kanał is shown on the commemorative plaque placed at Monument to the Evacuation of the Warsaw Ghetto Fighters at 51 Prosta Street in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="56592305" url="?curid=56592305" title="Deputy-Director of Operations Division (Foreign and Trade)">
Deputy-Director of Operations Division (Foreign and Trade)


</doc>
<doc id="56592308" url="?curid=56592308" title="1919 Waterboat House">
1919 Waterboat House


</doc>
<doc id="56592310" url="?curid=56592310" title="The Clifford Pier">
The Clifford Pier


</doc>
<doc id="56592313" url="?curid=56592313" title="The Fullerton Waterboat House">
The Fullerton Waterboat House

The Fullerton Waterboat House, originally known as the Water House, is a historic water supply house formerly used to supply fresh water to incoming ships in Singapore. The former Water House was gazetted for conservation in 2002 and has since reopened as a restaurant.
History.
Singapore was established as a Straits Settlements trading port in 1819. In 1820, Captain William Lawrence Flint, the brother-in-law to Sir Stamford Raffles, was appointed as the second Master Attendant with an office at the mouth of the Singapore River to control shipping. In 1852, the harbour was moved to Keppel and the office had since been demolished.
In 1919, a three-storey Water House was completed on the former site of the Master Attendant's office, the building was an Art Deco building designed by Swan &amp; Maclaren. The Water House also included a basement which was visible from the sea. It was built to supply fresh water to incoming ships in Singapore. The Water House was later taken over in 1960 by the Port of Singapore Authority. It continued to supply fresh water to incoming vessels until 1990.
Restoration.
The Waterboat House was gazetted on 21 March 2002 for conservation by the Urban Redevelopment Authority and opened for tender, which was won by Sino Group. After which the renovation of the former Water House building would start soon afterwards.
Following the renovation in 2003, the Waterboat House, presently known as "The Fullerton Waterboat House", was later used as a restaurant. A souvenir shop was opened on its newly installed glass annexe of the building's basement (1st floor) of the building. Later in September 2003, The French restaurant "Le Saint Julien" by Chef Sir Julien Bompard was opened on the ground (2nd) floor.
In 2005, the Waterboat House was awarded the Architectural Heritage Award by the Urban Redevelopment Authority for the restoration works done by MINKTan Architects, which included recovery of the original grey Shanghai Plaster finish and the addition of a new glass annexe.
In January 2010, the European restaurant simply named the Boathouse with the extension of a rooftop bar Prelude were opened on the third floor and rooftop of the building respectively.
On 25 January 2013, the "Le Saint Julien" restaurant was closed and since moved to a new premise known as Scotts 27 from September 2013 onwards. The American coffee company Starbucks soon took over the space of the former French restaurant on the ground floor of the building and opened its 100th Singapore store on 14 February 2014, which hired six clients from the Autism Resource Centre.
In 2015, the Boathouse restaurant and the Prelude rooftop bar were taken over by the new management team and re-branded as "1919 Waterboat House" of the building's same namesake and its built year and the rooftop bar so named as "The Rooftop" respectively, had officially re-opened on 19 November 2015. Later in August 2018, Galeno, the Food &amp; Beverage company of the restaurant and rooftop sought a High Court order to compel the landlord to extend its lease and bar's license for two more years.
On 2 February 2020, the Starbucks restaurant was closed due to its end of lease, and clarified that the closure was unrelated to the coronavirus pandemic. By end August 2020, the "1919 Waterboat House" and "The Rooftop" had closed down upon its extended two years expiry lease.

</doc>
<doc id="56592316" url="?curid=56592316" title="2007 Virginia House of Delegates election">
2007 Virginia House of Delegates election

The Virginia House of Delegates election of 2007 was held on Tuesday, November 6.
Results.
By House of Delegates district.
Party abbreviations: D - Democratic, R - Republican, I - Independent, IG - Independent Green, L - Libertarian
Note: Only House districts that were contested by more than one candidate are included here.

</doc>
<doc id="56592318" url="?curid=56592318" title="Waterboat House">
Waterboat House


</doc>
<doc id="56592329" url="?curid=56592329" title="Electoral history of Newt Gingrich">
Electoral history of Newt Gingrich

This is the electoral history of Newt Gingrich. Gingrich, a Republican, served as the 50th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1995 until his resignation in November 1998. He represented Georgia's 6th congressional district as a Republican from 1979 until his resignation in January 1999. In 2012, Gingrich was a candidate for the Republican Party presidential nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="56592331" url="?curid=56592331" title="Pean (Bishop of Poznań)">
Pean (Bishop of Poznań)


</doc>
<doc id="56592332" url="?curid=56592332" title="Château de l'Hospital">
Château de l'Hospital

Château de l'Hospital is a Bordeaux winery in the Graves AOC. It is a 12-acre domaine. The red wine is made of cabernet franc, cabernet sauvignon, and a small amount of malbec. Madame de Lacaussade took over as winemaker in 1964 following her husband's accidental fall in a vinifying vat and later death, as her sons were not keen to become winemakers.

</doc>
<doc id="56592334" url="?curid=56592334" title="Rutter's Beverage Company">
Rutter's Beverage Company


</doc>
<doc id="56592344" url="?curid=56592344" title="Director of Naval Ordnance and Torpedoes">
Director of Naval Ordnance and Torpedoes


</doc>
<doc id="56592349" url="?curid=56592349" title="Hitman (series)">
Hitman (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56592351" url="?curid=56592351" title="Assistant Director of Torpedoes">
Assistant Director of Torpedoes


</doc>
<doc id="56592352" url="?curid=56592352" title="Wayne Marshall (basketball)">
Wayne Marshall (basketball)

Wayne Marshall (born January 7, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for Shinshu Brave Warriors in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56592353" url="?curid=56592353" title="Assistant Director of Naval Ordnance">
Assistant Director of Naval Ordnance


</doc>
<doc id="56592358" url="?curid=56592358" title="Super pipe">
Super pipe


</doc>
<doc id="56592359" url="?curid=56592359" title="Deputy-Director of Naval Ordnance">
Deputy-Director of Naval Ordnance


</doc>
<doc id="56592361" url="?curid=56592361" title="Ronkini Gupta">
Ronkini Gupta

Ronkini Gupta is an Indian playback singer who won Saregamapa World Series reality show aired on Zee TV in 2004. She sang the critically acclaimed song "Rafu" in Tumhari Sulu (2017) for which she was nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer. She sang two songs in the 2018 released film Sui Dhaaga for Anu Malik, "Chaav Laaga" with Papon and "Tu Hi Aham" which is her solo song in the film. She is a trained Indian classical singer. Her singing repertoire covers Khyaal, Fusion and Bollywood. She has been recipient of many awards such as the Saregamapa World Series, Doverlane National Merit and Artist Aloud Award. She has performed with elan on many stages and has also travelled the world with the Indian broadway show "Bharati" as the lead vocalist. She composed in Mr Ya Miss (2005) and lent voice to Jai Maharashtra Dhaba Bhatinda (2013), Aankhon Dekhi (2014), Pyaar Vali Love Story (2014), Hrudyantar (2017), Taleem (2016), "Rafu" in Tumhari Sulu (2017), "Chaav Laaga" with Papon and "Tu Hi Aham" as a solo song in Sui Dhaaga. Both the songs in Sui Dhaaga received widespread acclaim and firmly established her as a noteworthy singer of her generation. She is widely known for her ability to superbly blend her classical training with contemporary musicality.
Career.
Ronkini hails from Jamshedpur, the steel city of India. She participated in 2004 edition of Sa Re Ga Ma Pa world series (earlier Sa Re Ga Ma Pa), she became the winner of the contest jointly with Hrishikesh Ranade. Later, she composed two songs for the film Mr Ya Miss titled "Kanha" for Sonu Nigam. Later, she lent voice to Jai Maharashtra Dhaba Bhatinda (2013), Aankhon Dekhi (2014)s. She sang the title track "Jahan Jaun Tujhe Paun" of Pyaar Vali Love Story (2014) with Divya Kumar. She sang " Rafu" for Vidya Balan in Tumhari Sulu (2017) for which she was nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer. She has sung for the film Dry Day(2017) the song 'Gori Gori Paan', for Ashwin Srinivasan.
Ronkini Gupta has a band called The Kheyaal-e-Jazz Projekt (Ronkini Gupta Collective) which is a classical fusion band. The band has won the Artist Aloud Music Awards for 2016 and 2018 and has also been featured on Kappa TV with their OSTs- Aye Ri Chandni, Khaare Se Naina and Jhoothi Batiyaan. She has also contributed additional vocals towards Coke Studio Season 4 with Sachin Jigar for the song "Laadki".
Training.
A distinction holder - Sangeet Visharad from Gandharva Mahavidyalaya in Hindustani Classical, she has trained under, Shri Chandrakant Apte, an exponent of the Gwalior Gharana in her formative years (1990-2000). She has further honed her skills under Ustad Dilshad Khan (2000–01) Pt.Samaresh Chowdhary (2003–04) and Late Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan Sahab (2005-2007).
Winning her way through several inter school and inter state level competitions, she went on to win a National Level Merit (Hindustani Classical Vocal category) at the prestigious Doverlane Music Conference in Kolkata, in the year 2000 when she was only 16.
Awards.
"Other Awards"

</doc>
<doc id="56592363" url="?curid=56592363" title="Odoardo Fantacchiotti">
Odoardo Fantacchiotti

Odoardo Fantacchiotti (11 May 18114 June 1877) was an Italian sculptor of the late-Neoclassic period.
Biography.
He was born in Rome, but his family moved to Florence. In 1820, he enrolled in the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze.
At the Academy, he studied under S. Ricci, and first started exhibiting in 1828. Gaining the patronage of the Grand Duke, he continued his studies, following the ideas of Aristodemo Costoli of depicting the "bello naturale". In 1839 at the Academy, he exhibited the work of the "Massacre of the Innocents". In 1840 he was named professor at the Academy.
Among his public works are the statue of Boccaccio and Accursius for the ground floor niches of the courtyard of the Uffizi, medallions commemorating Francesco Redi and the bust of Ferdinando II de' Medici for the Museo della Specola, a statue of Sallustio Bandini (now at the Accademia dei Georgofili, but initially planned for the loggia of the Uffizi. A marble "Virgin and Child" relief by Fantacchiotti at the Victoria and Albert Museum was once mistake for a work by a Renaissance master. He died in Florence.
His son, Cesare Fantacciotti, was also a sculptor.

</doc>
<doc id="56592365" url="?curid=56592365" title="Mbalwa">
Mbalwa

Mbalwa is a neighborhood in Kyaliwajjala Parish, Kira Municipality, Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda.
Location.
The neighborhood is bounded by Nsawo and Bbuto to the north, Bweyogerere to the east and south-east, Kireka to the south and south-west, Naalya and Kyaliwajjala to the west and Namugongo to the northwest. Mbalwa is approximately , by road, southeast of Kira Town Hall. This is approximately , by road, north-east of the central business district of Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda. The geographical coordinates of Mbalwa are: 0°22'13.0"N, 32°39'23.0"E (Latitude:0.370278; Longitude:32.656389). Mbalwa lies at an average elevation of about above sea level.
Overview.
Mbalwa is primarily an upscale residential neighborhood, with many of the private residences enclosed in perimeter fences and re-enforced metal gates. It is generally considered a safe neighborhood, with a neighborhood-watch system that uses online social networks. The neighborhood is accessible by foot, bicycle, boda-boda motorcycle taxi, private car, commuter taxi, and by public bus service.
Points of interest.
The following points of interest lie within the neighborhood or close to its boundaries: (a) the headquarters of Uganda National Bureau of Standards in Bweyogerere Industrial Park, to the immediate east of Mbalwa. (b) the eastern end of the Kampala Northern Bypass Highway, borders the southern perimeter of the Mbalwa neighborhood, separating it from Kireka and Naalya.

</doc>
<doc id="56592367" url="?curid=56592367" title="Museo della Specola">
Museo della Specola


</doc>
<doc id="56592377" url="?curid=56592377" title="Sacramento Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant">
Sacramento Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant

&lt;mapframe latitude="38.4579" longitude="-121.4817" zoom="12" width="200" height="150" align="right"&gt;
 "type": "FeatureCollection",
 "features": [
 "type": "Feature",
 "properties": {},
 "geometry": {
 "type": "Point",
 "coordinates": [
 -121.46668052620954,
 38.446081737451195
 ]
&lt;/mapframe&gt;
The Sacramento Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant (SRWTP) in Elk Grove, California, United States was built along the Interstate 5 during the 1970s and became fully operational in 1982. The plant was built to centralize wastewater treatment, instead of sending it to the 22 treatment plants that used to exist in the Sacramento Area. The SRWTP employs approximately 350 people, treats approximately 127 million gallons of effluent daily for over 1.4 million people in Elk Grove, Sacramento, Citrus Heights, Folsom, and Rancho Cordova. It was later renamed Regional Sanitation as it continues upgrades to meet new state standards.
Process.
The process that SRWTP uses to treat its wastewater takes many steps and requires aid from other agencies. The Sacramento Area Sewer District (SASD) uses its web of underground pipes to send influent from homes and businesses lateral lines to the main sewer line where it will then flow to various trunk lines. These trunk lines flow the influent directly to SRWTP and it will only take approximately 8 hours to process and treat the incoming waste. The first process of primary sedimentation settles material to the bottom, where after removal of most of the waste, Oxygen is added to allow microscopic organisms to break down and digest wastewater particles. After these steps, secondary clarifiers will remove the microscopic organisms that settle on the bottom of the tanks, and then chlorine is added to the water to assure harmful contaminants are removed. The effluent will finally leave the plant and travel two miles to be discharged into the Sacramento River, near Garcia Bend, and to neutralize the chlorine, SRWTP adds sulfur dioxide before the wastewater enters the river and comes in contact with aquatic life.
EchoWater project.
The Central Valley Regional Water Control Board is requiring the project to meet discharge requirements of all treatment plants in the state by 2023, hence the EchoWater Project. According to "Industry Tap" the project name comes from the idea that "just like sound waves echo back to their original source," so too will SRWTP's water entering the Sacramento River. The EchoWater Project construction started on May 28, 2015 and although required completion date is by 2023 SRWTP is hoping to achieve this before then and is on track with a 2021 finish. Upon the completion of the project, discharged ammonia levels should be reduced approximately 95%, therefore increasing the water quality, the ability to recycle water, and survival rates of the nearly extinct Delta Smelt. Ammonia, nitrates, and other pathogens will be removed through the addition of hypochlorite, sodium bisulphite, and filtering and disinfection layers that will improve the discharged water to a tertiary status that can then be used for landscaping, agriculture, and power plants. Biological Nutrient Removal (BNR) and a Return Activated Sludge systems are other new additions that will also enhance water quality and have a price tag of approximately $500 M.
The EchoWater Projects consists of 12 projects that are primarily funded by California’s Clean Water State Revolving Fund that contributed $1.6 B and the State Water Resources Control Board. Monetary aide from these two entities will save Sacramento area customers from high interest costs to their monthly bill statements. When the project first began in 2010, monthly bills were projected to increase to at least $60 per month, now that number has drastically shrunk to only $39 per month in 2021. EchoWater is the largest project in the history of Sacramento, even surpassing the Sacramento International Airport and new Golden 1 Center Arena in cost.
Biosolids management program.
SRWTP is one of the state’s main contributors of biosolids, also known as treated effluent, and processes a staggering 26,000 dry tons every year. This recycled waste goes into everyday products and is used for soil enhancement. Wastewater is high in N, K, P, and other nutrients which makes it a successful fertilizer, and it also aides in moisture retention and reduces erosion. According to CalRecycle, there are three classifications of biosolid: Class A, Class B, and exceptional quality (EQ). Class A biosolids are pathogen free when added to the soil whereas Class B biosolids may contain minimal amounts of pathogens that will die when in they come into contact with the soil. Effluent has been used for this purpose for much of America’s history (night soil). SRWTP provides community education and public outreach to share how the use of biosolids is a great practice in sustainability and reduces human footprint.
The Bufferlands.
SRWTP bought the ‘Bufferlands’ in 1970 which entails 2,150 acres surrounding the plant to minimize odors and act as a buffer zone. This area contains both uplands and wetlands and supports native birds, mammals, fish, reptiles, amphibians, as well as some of California’s endangered species, and in 2017 a rare albino deer was even spotted at the site. Cattle grazing is also used as a control method for vegetation which allows creatures such as burrowing owls and other native flora and fauna to thrive. Since its creation the Bufferlands riparian forests have doubled which provides a sanctuary for coyotes, hawks, snakes, and other species in a rapidly expanded city. SRWTP provides many opportunities for volunteer and community involvement where nature lovers may assist on current and future restoration projects in the Bufferlands. One such day is the national Migratory Bird Day where they host an event called 'A Walk on the Wild Side' and activities include hiking, live animal presentations, tours, exhibits, and music from the Side-Wheeler String Band. During this event people can also use binoculars to view rare great blue heron, great egret, and double crested cormorant rookeries. According to the scientific article "Habitat Restoration and Bird Responses at the Sacramento Regional County Sanitation District Bufferlands," in 1990 approximately 5 or 6 great blue heron and great egret nests were found on site, but since 2002 these two species have grown to over 100 nests each year. Another species of bird found at the Bufferlands, but does not reside there, is the canvasback duck that once disappeared but now migrates to this region once again.
Studies.
A 2017 study from Kraus et al. concluded that phytoplankton declines were not due to Regional San and was from another source (i.e. non-native clams, climate change). A 2014 study from Hasenbein et al. concluded that ammonia from SRWTP was not the only contaminant affecting the spawning of Delta smelt. SRWTP is also currently aiding 4 large USGS studies on the Sacramento River to gather information and learn the effect the plant and its discharge has on the river and riparian habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="56592380" url="?curid=56592380" title="Joseph Hii Teck Kwong">
Joseph Hii Teck Kwong

Joseph Hii Teck Kwong (born 25 June 1965) D.D., is the Roman Catholic Bishop of Diocese of Sibu. He had been serving as an auxiliary bishop in the same diocese from the year 2008 to 2012.
Biography.
Hii entered St. Peter's major seminary in Kuching, in 1986, to study philosophy and theology. He was ordained a priest on 25 March 1993 at Sacred Heart Cathedral, Sibu. In 1999, he obtained a licentiate in spiritual theology from the Pontifical Theological Faculty Teresianum in Rome, Italy. On 25 January 2008, Pope Benedict XVI (now Emeritus) appointed Hii as Auxiliary Bishop of Sibu and Titular Bishop of "Castellum Medianum". He was consecrated on 1 May 2008 by Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio, Apostolic Delegate to Malaysia. Co-consecrators were John Ha Tiong Hock, Archbishop of Kuching and Dominic Su Haw Chiu, Bishop of Sibu.
On 24 December 2011, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Hii as Bishop of Diocese of Sibu to succeed Bishop Dominic Su Haw Chiu.

</doc>
<doc id="56592382" url="?curid=56592382" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592383" url="?curid=56592383" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding 1st Cruiser Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding 1st Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592389" url="?curid=56592389" title="Cinema of Jharkhand">
Cinema of Jharkhand

In the Indian state of Jharkhand, films are produced in various regional and tribal languages including Kudmali, Hindi, Nagpuri, Khortha and Santali. Film industry in state of Jharkhand is also known as Jhollywood.
Since 2015, Government of Jharkhand is encouraging film shooting in State to highlight the natural beauty, religious place, culture of the state as well as to produce jobs by giving subsidy to film makers. In recent years several Hindi film have been shot in the state including , A Death in the Gunj, Ajab singh ki gajab kahani, Ranchi Diaries, Panchlait and Ilaka Kishoreganj. It's also a hotspot of Bhojpuri film shootings. Several nagpuri film produced in recent year including Tor Bina, Mahuaa, Mor Gaon Mor Desh and Phulmania.
The upcoming hindi film Lohardaga will show issue of Naxalism and surrender policy in the State. The state also showcased in web and T.V series, e.g - Netflix's Jamtara - Sabka Number Ayega and Hoichoi's Dhanbad Blues. Ekta Kapoor T.V series, Kuch Toh Hai Tere Mere Darmiyan was based on Jamshedpur.
History.
The first feature film of Jharkhand was "Aakarant" made under the banner of drishyantar international, 1988. The first Nagpuri film was "Sona Kar Nagpur" (1992) produced and directed by Dhananjay Nath Tiwari.

</doc>
<doc id="56592391" url="?curid=56592391" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 7th Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 7th Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592414" url="?curid=56592414" title="Aankhon Dekhi">
Aankhon Dekhi


</doc>
<doc id="56592416" url="?curid=56592416" title="Jan Luiten van Zanden">
Jan Luiten van Zanden

Jan Luiten van Zanden (born 15 November 1955) is a Dutch economic historian and professor of Global Economic History at Utrecht University. He is a widely acknowledged specialist in Dutch, European and Global Economic History. 
Career.
Van Zanden graduated cum laude in Economics from the VU University Amsterdam in 1981. He received a doctorate from Wageningen University and Research Centre in 1985 with a thesis titled "The economic development of Dutch agriculture in the 19th century, 1800-1914."
After obtaining his PhD he worked for two years at Erasmus University Rotterdam. From 1987 to 1993 he was professor of economic and social history at the VU University Amsterdam. In 1992 he was appointed professor in history at Utrecht University and since 2009 is faculty professor of economic and social history. In addition, in 2010 (for a period of five years) he was appointed honorary professor as the Maddison Chair at the University of Groningen. From 2011 is honorary professor at the Stellenbosch University.
He was particularly concerned with the economic history of the Netherlands in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, but also with the economic history of Indonesia, with the history of Rabobank and that of Royal Dutch Shell. In 2003 he received the Spinoza Prize. From 2009 to 2012 he was president of the International Economic History Association.
Awards and memberships.
In 2003 he was awarded the Spinoza Prize by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, for "putting the entire Dutch economic history on the international map and for leading excellent research projects". In 1997 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, where he was Academy Professor from 2011 to 2016.
In 2009, he was president of the organising committee of the fifteenth World Economic History Congress 2009 in Utrecht. In 2014 he was awarded the Pierson Penning Prize and in 2016 he became a member of the Academia Europaea.
Select Publications.
Books.
Van Zanden has authored and co-authored several books including:

</doc>
<doc id="56592420" url="?curid=56592420" title="Shamsuzzaman Dudu">
Shamsuzzaman Dudu

Shamsuzzaman Dudu is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament from Chuadanga-1. He is the vice-chairman of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
Career.
Dudu served as the secretary of Jatiyatabadi Krishak Dal and as an adviser to Bangladesh Nationalist Party Chairperson Khaleda Zia.

</doc>
<doc id="56592423" url="?curid=56592423" title="The Shadow Passes">
The Shadow Passes


</doc>
<doc id="56592425" url="?curid=56592425" title="Current (trade journal)">
Current (trade journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56592444" url="?curid=56592444" title="Winc">
Winc

Winc is a workplace support company operating in Australia supplying office essentials, furniture, safety equipment and IT solutions. The company is focused on supporting businesses through the delivery of everything a workplace needs to work - supporting learners, carers and workers across the corporate, government, education and healthcare sectors. The company was previously known as Staples and Corporate Express. Winc Australia operates across all states and territories and also includes Business Interiors, which is a premium office design division for corporate fit-outs.
History.
The Winc brand was launched in September 2017. It stands for Work Incorporated. The new brand was created in conjunction with Platinum Equity after it completed the acquisition of the Staples business in Australia in April 2017. In February 2018, Platinum Equity also completed the acquisition of the OfficeMax business in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="56592446" url="?curid=56592446" title="Avalanche (1946 film)">
Avalanche (1946 film)

Avalanche is a 1946 American action film directed by Irving Allen.
Premise.
Steve, a US treasury agent, tracks down a tax evader to a ski lodge.
Production.
Filming started February 1946.
Albert Broccoli was the production manager. He and directed Irwin Allen were classmates at New York's Bryant High School. They teamed up on this film together and would go on to collaborate a number of times, notably as partners in Warwick Productions.
Reception.
The "New York Times" called the film a "painful hodge podge".

</doc>
<doc id="56592449" url="?curid=56592449" title="The Heillions">
The Heillions


</doc>
<doc id="56592452" url="?curid=56592452" title="Ronkini">
Ronkini


</doc>
<doc id="56592456" url="?curid=56592456" title="Twin Towers (Portland, Oregon)">
Twin Towers (Portland, Oregon)


</doc>
<doc id="56592458" url="?curid=56592458" title="Cumulative effects of concussions">
Cumulative effects of concussions


</doc>
<doc id="56592462" url="?curid=56592462" title="High Conquest">
High Conquest

High Conquest is a 1947 American film directed by Irving Allen, starring Anna Lee, Gilbert Roland, and Warren Douglas. It was adapted from the 1941 book of the same title by James Ramsey Ullman.
Production.
Allen shot on location in Switzerland. He shot so much footage that he turned it into a documentary, "Climbing the Matterhorn", which won an Oscar. He used color film from Ansco on the understanding that if the results were unsatisfactory the company could have the film back. However the results were so good Ansco did a deal with Allen for him to use three films in color.

</doc>
<doc id="56592472" url="?curid=56592472" title="Strange Voyage">
Strange Voyage

Strange Voyage is a 1946 American film directed by Irving Allen.
Plot.
A man goes looking for treasure.
Production.
It was the first produced script by Edward and Edna Anhalt who had been writing and selling stories to movies as "Andrew Holt".

</doc>
<doc id="56592473" url="?curid=56592473" title="Civilized Alliance (Iraq)">
Civilized Alliance (Iraq)

The Civilized Alliance (Tamadon) (Arabic: تحالف تمدّن, "Tahalof Tamadon") is an Iraqi political alliance formed by a number of civil, liberal &amp; national parties. The alliance, announced in January-2018 consists of four main parties, the People's Party for Reform, the Al-Etifak National Party, the National Civil Movement and Iraq's National Movement. The alliance includes a number of independent liberal figures.
It is headed by the Secretary-General of the People's Party for Reform Faiq Al Sheikh Ali. The alliance has stated that it will participate strongly in the upcoming Iraqi parliamentary elections staged to take place on 12 May 2018 aiming for change and reform in Iraqi politics.
The Civilized Alliance aims to establish a civil state based on justice and equal rights &amp; duties for all citizens adopting liberal principles characterized by free &amp; fair elections, separation of powers and the rule of law, ensuring equal protection of human rights, and civil &amp; political freedoms for all. It currently has 4 MP's, Ahmed Al-Jubouri from Nineveh province, Mohammad Al-Tai from Basra, and both Faiq Al Sheikh Ali and Shirouk Al Abayachi from Baghdad.
On 20 February 2018, the Independent High Electoral Commission () conducted a draw to distribute the electoral list numbers. The Civilized Alliance was given the number 136.

</doc>
<doc id="56592485" url="?curid=56592485" title="USPIS (Brooklyn Nine-Nine)">
USPIS (Brooklyn Nine-Nine)

"USPIS" is the eighth episode of the second season of the American television police sitcom series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine". It is the 30th overall episode of the series and is written by Brian Reich and directed by Ken Whittingham. It aired on Fox in the United States on November 23, 2014. It was the seventh episode of the season to be produced but the eighth to be broadcast.
In the episode, Rosa is leading a task force focusing on the "Giggle Pig" drug and enlists Jake to participate in the operation. Unfortunately, they also need to work with United States Postal Inspection Service (USPIS) and are partnered with the incompetent Agent Jack Danger (Ed Helms). Meanwhile, Holt and Terry seek to help Amy overcome her cigarette addiction. The episode was seen by an estimated 3.04 million household viewers and gained a 1.5/4 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. The episode received critical acclaim from critics, who praised Ed Helms' guest performance, the cast and the writing in particular and noting it as one of the show's best episodes.
Plot.
Rosa (Stephanie Beatriz) is leading a task force on "Giggle Pig" drug operations and asks Jake (Andy Samberg) to participate in the force but asks him and Boyle (Joe Lo Truglio) to get help from the USPIS.
Terry (Terry Crews) begins to note Amy (Melissa Fumero) acting strangely and soon finds that she has a tobacco addiction due to stress. Terry tries to help her overcome it with the same techniques he used for his overeating addiction but fails. Holt (Andre Braugher) and Gina (Chelsea Peretti) also try to help her with exercise and a meditation respectively but she still fails to pass it. Holt manages to make her see that she's just being extremely perfectionist and tells her she should reconsider her issues.
Jake and Boyle visit USPIS Agent Jack Danger (pronounced 'Donger') (Ed Helms), who is self-righteous and incompetent, believing the USPIS to be superior to the NYPD as well as other federal agencies. During an investigation where the drug is supplied through mailboxes, Danger's ineptitude stops Jake from catching a supplier. When Danger refuses to lend them a list with the suspects unless they go with their methods, Jake and Boyle steal the list and arrest the supplier. However, their actions receive punishment as their case is handed to USPIS. Jake decides to apologize to Danger, who accepts to hand back the case. The Nine-Nine and USPIS lead a raid into a drug ring and arrests everyone inside although Danger knocks himself out on the entrance.
Reception.
Viewers.
In its original American broadcast, "USPIS" was seen by an estimated 3.04 million household viewers and gained a 1.5/4 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. This was a 33% decrease in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 4.53 million viewers with a 2.2/5 in the 18-49 demographics. This means that 1.5 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode, while 4 percent of all households watching television at that time watched it. With these ratings, "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" was the second most watched show on FOX for the night, beating "Mulaney", "Bob's Burgers" and "Family Guy" but behind "The Simpsons", fifth on its timeslot and sixth for the night, behind "The Simpsons", "Madam Secretary", "American Music Awards of 2014", "Football Night in America", and "NBC Sunday Night Football".
Critical reviews.
"USPIS" received critical acclaim from critics. LaToya Ferguson of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode an "A" grade and wrote, "As it turns out, all "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" needed to get back into the swing of things is to up the penis and butt jokes. That's mostly true of life too. 'USPIS' is an episode that's full of such simple — on paper — juvenile humor, and it's the strongest episode of the season for it."
Jackson McHenry of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote, "As much as I enjoyed the time spent with Danger, 'USPIS' gets most of its energy from the clash between Diaz and Jake. He's mad that he has to work with Danger. She's mad that he's making her task force look bad. The plot's an interesting look at how workplace friendships get twisted by shifts of power — they used to be equals, and now they have to recognize that they aren't — but it moves too quickly to fully register." Allie Pape from "Vulture" gave the show a 4 star rating out of 5 and wrote, "USPIS's reinterpretation of 'going postal' as a positive ('Maury went postal and brought in muffins for everyone!'), and Peralta's hilarious apology to Danger ('I'm sorry I said The Postman was a flop. I'm sorry I said that Forever stamps are a lie, because the Earth will eventually be swallowed by the sun') were among the many highlights. When it comes to delivering consistent laughs, this episode is proof positive that "B99" is better than any "Robocop"."
Alan Sepinwall of "HitFix" wrote, "'USPIS' is a classical type of sitcom episode, one that's built around a beloved guest star coming in to do his schtick while all the regular characters react to him doing it. But what happens when the guest and/or his schtick aren't so beloved anymore?" Andy Crump of "Paste" gave the episode a 9.0 and wrote, "If 'USPIS' stumbles, it's in the rushed climax, where we actually get to see about thirty seconds of cop action, as Diaz leads the charge to crack down on some Giggle Pig peddlers. But we don't watch "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" for the same reasons we watch, say, "The Shield". We watch it for punchlines and for love of the Nine-Nine's officers. 'USPIS' emphasizes both wonderfully, while advancing "Brooklyn Nine-Nine"s diegesis. This isn't just a bounce back from 'Lockdown,' it's a high point for the season."

</doc>
<doc id="56592489" url="?curid=56592489" title="Arch Mission">
Arch Mission


</doc>
<doc id="56592497" url="?curid=56592497" title="Andrew Fitzgerald (basketball)">
Andrew Fitzgerald (basketball)

Andrew Fitzgerald (born December 10, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for Bambitious Nara in Japan. He played college basketball for Oklahoma University.

</doc>
<doc id="56592503" url="?curid=56592503" title="Kuthen">
Kuthen


</doc>
<doc id="56592504" url="?curid=56592504" title="1981–82 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team">
1981–82 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team

The 1981–82 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team represented the University of Idaho during the 1981–82 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The defending champions of the Big Sky Conference, Vandals were led by fourth-year head coach Don Monson and played their home games on campus at the Kibbie Dome in Moscow, Idaho.
The 1982 basketball team was the most successful in the school's history, and has yet to be surpassed. Building upon the success of the previous season, the Vandals won their first 16 games and went 24–2 in the regular season. They defeated Gonzaga and all four Pac-10 teams from the Northwest. Idaho won the eight-team Far West Classic in Portland in late December 1981, winning all three games by at least 19 points (over Iowa State, Oregon State, and Oregon).
The Vandals' only setbacks during the regular season were consecutive two-point road losses in late January. The first was to rival Montana on a raucous Saturday night in Missoula on a tip-in at the buzzer. The second was to Notre Dame in South Bend two days later, ending a three-games-in-four-nights road trip, which included multiple weather-related travel delays and re-routes, and a 4:30 am arrival in South Bend on game day. Although the Vandals hit 14 of their first 15 shots to jump to lead over the Irish, Notre Dame regrouped at home to win by two in overtime. Idaho was awarded just four free throws in the 45 minutes of play and missed them all. Notre Dame was led by future NBA guard John Paxson in 1982. The Vandals then won eight straight games to conclude the regular season, and won the four-team conference tournament, which they hosted for the second straight year as regular season champions.
Their 26–2 record after the Big Sky tournament (&amp; ten straight victories) earned the Vandals a #8 national ranking and a #3 seed in the West region of the 48-team NCAA tournament, which included a first round bye.
NCAA Tournament.
Idaho's first game (in the second round) was nearly a home game, played just west at Beasley Coliseum in Pullman on a Sunday afternoon. The opponent was 16th-ranked Iowa of the Big Ten, the region's sixth seed, then coached by Lute Olson. A Final Four team two years earlier, Iowa won their first-round game handily, but Idaho won this close game by two points, in overtime, and advanced to the Sweet 16. 
Four days later at the West regional in Provo, Utah, they met the nation's fourth-ranked team, Oregon State, the #2 seed in the West region. Idaho had defeated the Beavers by 22 points in December at the Far West Classic in Portland, but this time the result was far different, as the Beavers won 60–42. OSU was defeated two days later by the region's #1 seed Georgetown, led by freshman center Patrick Ewing. (Georgetown advanced to the national final, where they lost by a point to North Carolina.)
Aftermath.
The Vandals ended the 1982 season at , and were ranked as high as sixth in the nation (AP and UPI polls) at the end of the regular season They entered the top twenty at #18 in early January and two weeks later were up to eighth, but the two losses dropped them back to fifteenth. Eight straight wins elevated them to sixth prior to the Big Sky tournament, and were eighth in both final polls entering the NCAA tournament.
The 1982 starters Ken Owens () and Brian Kellerman () in the backcourt, with forwards Phil Hopson and Gordie Herbert and center Kelvin Smith, all at . Just before their two losses in January, the team was featured in a two-page article in "Sports Illustrated". (team photo) The alley-oop was a frequently used play against man-to-man defenses, and sophomore Pete Prigge () was the sixth man.
Monson was named the Kodak Coach of the Year in Division I in 1982 (photo) and rumors were rampant that he would jump to a higher league, maybe to struggling Arizona in the Pac-10. That position was eventually filled by Lute Olson (a year later), and Monson chose to stay for a fifth season at Idaho. With a salary of about $40,000 in 1982 and a one-year contract, an "appreciation fund" was set up by local fans to entice him to stay in The 1982 team was inducted into the Vandal Athletics Hall of Fame, as was Monson, Kellerman, and Owens.
All-conference.
All five starters were recognized by the conference. Senior point guard Owens was the Big Sky's player of the year and a repeat MVP in the conference tournament. He was joined in the backcourt of the all-conference team by junior guard Kellerman, the previous season's player of the year. Vandals on the second team were the forwards, senior Herbert and junior Hopson; junior center Smith was honorable mention.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9 style=| Big Sky Tournament
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56592507" url="?curid=56592507" title="Prescott, W.H.">
Prescott, W.H.


</doc>
<doc id="56592518" url="?curid=56592518" title="2016 City of Melbourne election">
2016 City of Melbourne election

Elections to the City of Melbourne were held via postal ballot in 2016 to elect 9 councillors to the council, as well as the direct election of the Lord Mayor and Deputy Lord Mayor of Melbourne. Independent Robert Doyle was re-elected as Lord Mayor for a third term.
Following the resignation of councillor-elect Brooke Wandin, a full recount of councillor ballots was ordered by the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal on 14 March 2017.
Results.
Mayoral election.
! colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" |After distribution of preferences
The VEC distributed preliminary preferences until an electoral ticket exceeded 50 per cent of the vote, in this case Independent candidates Robert Doyle and Arron Wood.
Aftermath.
On 8 November, councillor-elect Brooke Wandin stood down from her position amid an investigation by the Local Government Investigations and Compliance Inspectorate into her eligibility. Wandin and former councillor Richard Foster were later charged with electoral fraud, with prosecutors alleging Wandin did not live at the Kensington address she had nominated when registering for election. Both parties plead guilty to charges of electoral fraud; Foster received a 12-month good behaviour bond, while Wandin was placed onto a diversion program.
As a result of Wandin standing down from the council, on 5 December 2016 the Municipal Electoral Tribunal ordered a countback of votes cast. The Victorian Electoral Commission appealed this decision to the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal, seeking a full recount. On 14 March 2017, the Tribunal ruled in the Commission's favour. A full recount elected Nicolas Frances Gilley and Susan Riley as the eighth and ninth councilors respectively, displacing Michael Caiafa who would have been retained in a vote countback. Gilley and Riley were sworn into council on 21 March 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56592529" url="?curid=56592529" title="Grasse, France">
Grasse, France


</doc>
<doc id="56592547" url="?curid=56592547" title="Sri Satyanarayana Mahathyam">
Sri Satyanarayana Mahathyam

Sri Satyanarayana Mahathyam () is a 1964 Indian Telugu-language Hindu mythological film, produced by P. Satyanarayana under the Aswaraja Pictures banner and directed by S. Rajinikanth. It stars N. T. Rama Rao, Krishna Kumari with music composed by Ghantasala.
Plot.
The film begins with the entrance of "Kali Yuga", due to which situations on earth became disastrous. Goddess Bhudevi (Suryakala) prays to Lord Vishnu (N. T. Rama Rao) to take another avatar to which Goddess Lakshmi opposes. So, Lord Vishnu sends a messenger to earth in the form of a baby boy who is adopted by a Saint Sunanda (A. V. Subba Rao) as God's gift and names him as Satyadas. King Sivakeshava (Relangi) an idiotic person feels like God's incarnation who compels the public to worship himself and sends his assistants Nandi (Mukkamala) &amp; Pakshi (Allu Ramalingaiah) to execute the commandment. Once they observe Satyadas praying to Lord Vishnu and captures him. Lord Vishnu sends Sage Narada (Kanta Rao) for his protection and orders him to use as a tool to propagate a religious ritual "Satyanarayana Vratam" on earth. Firstly, Satyadas makes a Brahmin to perform the ritual, who is weeping for the death of their daughter and she becomes alive. Afterward, a poor woodcutter becomes wealthy and a couple, Sadhu Shetty (Ramana Reddy) and his wife Leelavathi (Chayadevi) were blessed with a baby girl after performing this ritual. Time passes, Satyadas (again N. T. Rama Rao) grows up along with his propaganda and makes an "Ashram". Ratnavalli (Krishna Kumari), daughter of Sivakeshava learns regarding Satyadas's propaganda, visits his Ashram and tries to destroy his ritual. But after looking at his ardent devotion she bows her head and starts loving him. Having aware of it, Sivakeshava arrests Satyadas in the fort. Parallelly, Lord Vishnu gives an assurance to Bhudevi to protect the wise and destroy the bad. Here angered Lakshmi on the guidance of Narada gives her extraordinary power of "Sidda Lakshmi" to Sivakesava when people again start worshipping him. But before Satyadas's devotion, it fails. At the same time, Ratnavalli reveals her love interest towards Satyadas to Sivakesava when he becomes furious and orders his henchmen to remove the eyes of Satyadas. Meanwhile, Sage Narada plays a drama who provokes Nandi against the Sivakesava, he captures him along with Ratnavalli when Pakshi rescues them. Immediately, they rush to the forest by the time Satyadas' eyes are removed. Now Nandi sets fire to the forest and he is knockout by Pakshi. During the time of forest fire, Satyadas prays to Lord Vishnu who descends to earth, restores Satyadas's eyesight and shows the "Vishwaroopam" the entire world form in him. Sridevi &amp; Bhudevi also accompany and performs the marriage of Satyadas &amp; Ratnavalli. Satyadas asks Lord Vishnu to stay on earth to uplift the people, so, Lord Vishnu incarnates in the form of Lord Satyanarayana Swamy and the placed adored by lakhs of people at "Annavaram" till today.
Soundtrack.
Music composed by Ghantasala. Lyrics were written by Samudrala Jr. Music released by H.M.V. Audio Company.

</doc>
<doc id="56592549" url="?curid=56592549" title="Pooling games">
Pooling games


</doc>
<doc id="56592550" url="?curid=56592550" title="Harvard (name)">
Harvard (name)

Harvard is an English surname/family name/last name and given name/first name, derived a Middle English variant of Hereward; "here" (“army”) + "weard" (“guard”).

</doc>
<doc id="56592557" url="?curid=56592557" title="Normative decision theory">
Normative decision theory


</doc>
<doc id="56592560" url="?curid=56592560" title="Descriptive decision theory">
Descriptive decision theory


</doc>
<doc id="56592561" url="?curid=56592561" title="List of mammals of Kerala">
List of mammals of Kerala

This is a list of mammal species found in Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="56592574" url="?curid=56592574" title="Raheela Yahya Munawar">
Raheela Yahya Munawar

Raheela Yahya Munawar (; born 10 June 1957) is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from June 2013 to May 2018. She was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2007.
Early life and education.
She was born on 10 June 1957 in Gujranwala.&lt;ref name="pap/2013"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
She has completed graduation and earned the degree of Bachelor of Arts.
Political career.
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a reserved seat for women in 2002 Pakistani general election. In August 2003, she was appointed Parliamentary Secretary for Health.
She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in June 2013.
In May 2018, she joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.

</doc>
<doc id="56592582" url="?curid=56592582" title="Chan Woods">
Chan Woods


</doc>
<doc id="56592583" url="?curid=56592583" title="Synapse (Max Mullins)">
Synapse (Max Mullins)


</doc>
<doc id="56592584" url="?curid=56592584" title="Synapse (Emily Guerrero)">
Synapse (Emily Guerrero)


</doc>
<doc id="56592586" url="?curid=56592586" title="Villa Madre Cabrini">
Villa Madre Cabrini

Villa Madre Cabrini, formerly Villa Acquarone, is a villa in the Castelletto quarter of Genoa, Liguria, Northwestern Italy. It is situated in a panoramic location on the hill of Bachernia, commanding open views over the Old City, the harbor and the Gulf of Genoa. Throughout its history, the villa has played an important role in the urban development and cultural life of the quarter. In the 18th century, it was one of the first suburban villas built in the old hamlet of Bachernia, giving impulse to the urbanization of the area. In the 19th century, the park of the villa and its owner, Pietro Acquarone, were at the heart of establishment of the economically and culturally active via Acquarone neighborhood. In the early 20th century, the villa became a renowned educational and cultural center when the boarding school established in Genoa in 1894 by Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini M.S.C was transferred there in 1917. Today the main building has been reconverted to residential use, while the educational activity continues in the annex built in 1934–38, known today as the public School San Paolo.
History.
The beginnings.
The original part of the villa, dating to the 18th century as the vaulted entrance and the decorated ceilings of the piano nobile suggest, was built as a suburban villa near the 16th century church of Saint Anne, alongside the steep walkway (Italian: "salita"; Ligurian: "crêuza") linking Portello to Mura delle Chiappe, midway in between the Barbarossa Walls and the 17-century New Walls, giving impulse to the urbanization of an area that used to be rural at the time. The area was called Bachernia, a phytonym indicating the presence of berries ("bacche" in Ligurian and Italian language).
The Nineteenth Century.
In the 19th century, the villa was enriched and elevated, with the addition of a fourth story, and was known as "Villa Acquarone" or "Palazzo Acquarone", still surrounded by a large park, part of which was landscaped and part used for dairy farming. The milk produced was sold in the historical "vaccheria" (dairy shop) located near the uphill station of the Sant'Anna funicular in via Agostino Bertani, an important contribution to the life of the neighborhood as the area surrounding Genoa was not suitable for dairy farming and milk had to be imported.
In the last decade of the century, the villa and its owner, Pietro Acquarone, played a key role in the establishment of the economically and culturally active Via Acquarone neighborhood, to the north of the 19th-century "Circonvallazione a Monte" (Italian for "mountain ringway"), which reduced the size of the park to make way to the edification of low-rise residential buildings in the newly constructed Corso Paganini. Urban expansion to the north of Ponte Caffaro, however, could not take place without the edification at the lower end of the park of the villa of a high wall to support the access road, a risky undertaking for the technology of the time. Pietro Acquarone decided to take action and obtained permission from the Municipality to build the wall at his sole risk, then transferred the property of the wall – and the associated risks – to the Municipality five years later.
The Twentieth Century and the School Madre Cabrini.
In 1917, the villa was purchased by the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus founded by Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini M.S.C (1850–1917), the Italian-American "missionary of the emigrants", who died in the United States in the same year. The Sisters renamed the building "Villa Madre Cabrini" to honor their saint foundress and turned it into a renowned educational and cultural center, transferring there the boarding school established by the Saint Mother Cabrini in via Palestro in 1894.
Around the same time, the villa received its current appearance with the addition of the fifth story and the remodeling of the facade in the Gothic revival and Eclectic styles popular in Genoa at the time.
The educational complex was expanded in 1934–38 with the edification of a rationalist annex connected to the villa though an underground passage under Salita Bachernia commissioned by Sister Francesca Saverio Savona M.S.C. (1897–1950), who directed the school from 1931 until 1950. Sister Savona also supervised the restoration of the damage suffered by the villa during World War II.
Recent history and the School San Paolo.
In the 1980s, the villa and the remainder of its park were sold and redeveloped into residential apartments. The annex and the portion of the park to the East of Salita Bachernia are currently in use as a public school, known as School San Paolo, with access from via Francesca Saverio Cabrini, next to the Elevator Magenta-Crocco. The school now hosts the Istituto Comprensivo Castelletto, including a Nursery School (Scuola dell'Infanzia), a Primary School (Scuola Elementare) and a Secondary School (Scuola Secondaria di Primo Grado).

</doc>
<doc id="56592591" url="?curid=56592591" title="Filmfare Award for Best Lyrics">
Filmfare Award for Best Lyrics


</doc>
<doc id="56592594" url="?curid=56592594" title="Tera Hunter">
Tera Hunter

Tera Hunter is an American scholar of African-American history and gender. She holds the Edwards Professor of American History Endowed Chair at Princeton University. She specializes in the study of gender, race, and labor in the history of the Southern United States.
Early life.
Hunter was born in Miami, Florida. She graduated with Distinction in History from Duke University, then earned an M.Phil. and Ph.D. in history from Yale University.
Career.
Hunter taught at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and then Carnegie Mellon University, before joining the faculty of Princeton in 2007.
Hunter published her first book, "To 'Joy My Freedom: Southern Black Women's Lives and Labors After the Civil War", in 1997. "To 'Joy My Freedom" is an account of the lives of southern African American women, specifically domestic workers in Atlanta, from the end of slavery through the Reconstruction era. She details the many struggles of African American washerwomen in Atlanta to control where they worked and for how long, how much they were paid, how their children were raised, and particularly the right to control their own bodies. The book was specifically noted for focusing on working class women rather than middle- and upper-class women, who are more commonly treated in historical analyses of the period, in part because written records about higher class people are more common. "To 'Joy My Freedom" won the H. L. Mitchell Award from the Southern Historical Association, the Letitia Brown Memorial Book Prize from the Association of Black Women's Historians, and the Book of the Year Award in 1997 from the International Labor History Association. The book was the focus of a symposium in the journal "Labor History".
In 2017, Hunter published "Bound in Wedlock: Slave and Free Black Marriage in the Nineteenth Century". The book examines how enslavement affected the marriage practices and family lives of African Americans, and how the legacy of slavery continued to do so in the decades following the end of slavery. "Bound in Wedlock" chronicles a variety of types of intimate relationships, from highly temporary arrangements to ones that were as permanent as possible, both within and outside of formal legal marriage institutions. Hunter analyzes the complicated legality of marital unions between enslaved people, and argues that legal definitions of marriage were often used to break apart the family structures of enslaved people. Hunter also studies the status of marriage law during the Civil War, and in the antebellum era.
In 2018, Hunter was named the Edwards Professor of American History at Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="56592595" url="?curid=56592595" title="2012 City of Melbourne election">
2012 City of Melbourne election

Elections to the City of Melbourne were held via postal ballot in October 2012 to elect 9 councillors to the council, as well as the direct election of the Lord Mayor and Deputy Lord Mayor of Melbourne. The incumbent Lord Mayor, Robert Doyle, and Deputy Lord Mayor, Susan Riley, were re-elected for a second four-year term.
At the 2012 election, the number of council seats increased from 7 to 9.
Results.
Mayoral election.
! colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" |After distribution of preferences
The VEC distributed preliminary preferences until an electoral ticket exceeded 50 per cent of the vote, in this case Independent candidates Robert Doyle and Susan Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="56592597" url="?curid=56592597" title="Commodore Commanding Cruiser Squadron">
Commodore Commanding Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592599" url="?curid=56592599" title="MSDHS">
MSDHS


</doc>
<doc id="56592600" url="?curid=56592600" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592603" url="?curid=56592603" title="Attack on the United States embassy in Addis Ababa">
Attack on the United States embassy in Addis Ababa

The attack on the United States embassy in Addis Ababa was an assault against the chancery of the embassy of the United States to the Ethiopian Empire by "shiftas". It occurred in early May 1936 following the collapse of the Ethiopian government and the departure of Emperor Haile Selassie from the city prior to the Italian conquest of Addis Ababa. The attack forced the temporary abandonment of the compound and the evacuation of its personnel by the British Army.
American diplomatic and consular staff, supported by Italian troops, returned to reoccupy the chancery several days following their evacuation. In the United States, American minister Cornelius Van Hemert Engert was recognized for his actions leading the defense of the chancery, though the administration of Franklin Roosevelt would come under public criticism for not better providing for its protection.
Background.
On October 3, 1935, Italy invaded Ethiopia from Italian Somaliland and Eritrea. By April of the following year, Italian forces had reached as far as Dessie. Cornelius Van H. Engert, the United States minister to Ethiopia, had taken up his post in February 1936 but, as of April, had yet been formally accredited by the Ethiopian government. On April 30 he was summoned to the throne room of Menelik Palace to present his credentials to HaileSelasie. Less than two days later, with the Italian Army approaching the city, the emperor and the imperial court evacuated the capital for French Somaliland, a move that was unexpected and resented by many Ethiopians.
Riots erupt.
Prior to departing Addis Ababa, Haile Selassie had ordered government armories opened with the apparent intent that civilians would seize the weapons and spontaneously resist the Italian entrance into the city. Instead, the weapons free-for-all combined with the collapse of the government sparked widespread civil disorder. By the afternoon of May 2, with the street violence growing increasingly worse, American journalists who had been in the city covering the war – as well as 37 Greek civilians – had all sought refuge in the chancery of the embassy. In addition, the files of the Ethiopian foreign ministry were brought to the American chancery by John H. Spencer for safekeeping, along with a personal cache of "food and guns" which he donated to the embassy.
Attack and evacuation.
On Monday, May 3, the chancery was attacked by an organized band of shiftas, the attack repelled by embassy staff and local contract guards. However, with the chancery under continuing fire, Engert resolved to contact the embassy of the United Kingdom for assistance, the British being in a more defensible location and better protected. A courier who attempted to make the trek to the British compound had to turn back due to the intensity of street violence. A radio message was, instead, transmitted to the British embassy, however, as the U.S. had no direct contact with the British, it had first to be relayed to the United States Department of State, forwarded to London and then sent back to Addis Ababa, the entire process taking the better part of a day.
At 8:30 a.m. on May 4, three open-topped trucks and a British Army escort from the UK's embassy arrived at the American compound, whereupon the spouses and children of diplomatic staff, and sheltering civilians – including one reporter's pet cheetah – were driven to the British legation a few miles away. 
Remaining to defend the American legation was Engert, his wife, four U.S. Navy radio operators, six diplomats, several Ethiopian domestic staff, and one Ethiopian police officer who had sought refuge at the facility. Among them, they were armed with nine rifles, two shotguns, ten revolvers, and a submachine gun. Throughout the day, the compound continued to take fire and two of the local domestic staff were shot and seriously wounded. With ammunition running low, the State Department authorized Engert to abandon the legation, however, British forces were unable to provide immediate aid as they were occupied repelling a simultaneous assault upon the Belgian legation. Finally, on the morning of May 5, soldiers of the 11th Sikh Regiment arrived and evacuated the remaining Americans to the British legation. Simultaneously, United States Secretary of State Cordell Hull sent a telegram to Benito Mussolini requesting the Royal Italian Army immediately enter Addis Ababa to stabilize the situation. The same day as the evacuation of the Americans by the British, German troops had to be dispatched by that nation's embassy to rescue Swiss physician Marcel Junod and French journalists who were trapped in a collapsed building.
Later that evening, 25,000 Italian troops entered Addis Ababa. The next morning a contingent of four Americans returned to occupy the chancery, however, soon found themselves again under scattered fire. At the request of the United States, Italian troops were thereafter dispatched to secure the legation and its grounds, with 53 soldiers of the Italian Army reported having arrived at the compound in a later cable to Washington sent by an American vice-consul.
Aftermath.
Engert was given a one rank promotion in the U.S. Foreign Service in recognition of his efforts during the attack. Robert Worth Bingham, the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, was instructed by Secretary Hull to express "sincere appreciation" to the United Kingdom for its "prompt and efficient assistance".
Some newspapers in the United States commented on the fact it was necessary for the United States embassy to appeal for aid to the United Kingdom and condemned the Roosevelt administration for not providing for a better defense of the American legation.
John Spencer would later report that, when he returned to retrieve the Ethiopian government files he had brought to the American legation for safekeeping, some had gone missing.
The United States terminated its mission in Addis Ababa in the spring of 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="56592608" url="?curid=56592608" title="Radwan (Bishop of Poznan)">
Radwan (Bishop of Poznan)

Radwan bishop of Poznań (died 1172) was Bishop of Poznan probably in the years 1164 to 1172.
He probably came from the Radwanów family. In 1153 he was certified as the chancellor of Prince Mieszko III Stary in the foundation privilege of the Łekno Abbey. 
He was made Poznań Bishop, on May 6, 1170, and together with Prince Mieszko, he founded a hospice at the Church of Saint Michael the Archangel in Poznan, which in 1187 was given to the Knights of Saint John. This foundation is mentioned in the document of his successor Benedict (c. 1192) and Jan Długosz in his Annals.
According to Rocznik Lubinski, Radwan assumed the Poznań bishopric until 1172 as the successor of Cherubino, but at present it is believed that the order of these two bishops was mistaken in the Yearbook.

</doc>
<doc id="56592617" url="?curid=56592617" title="Carmela y Rafael">
Carmela y Rafael

Carmela y Rafael (Carmela and Rafael) was a Mexican bolero duet, consisting of singer and actress Carmela Rey (1931–2018) and singer and songwriter Rafael Vázquez (b. 1929). Known as "The Romantic Couple of Mexico", Rey and Vázquez first performed together in 1959 and married that same year. They first recorded for RCA Records and then signed with Musart Records. Carmela y Rafael recorded a total of 121 records and 1,198 songs, and won numerous accolades, including gold and platinum records and two "Record World" Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56592625" url="?curid=56592625" title="Cherubin (Bishop of Poznan)">
Cherubin (Bishop of Poznan)

Cherubin (died around 1180) - was bishop of Poznań probably from 1172.
Before taking up the bishopric, he was the chancellor of Mieszko the Old (around 1167). As a Poznań bishop, he participated in the synod in Łęczyca in 1180. Soon after this congress, he probably died, because according to an extract from the Antiquitatum of the monastery Lubinensis around 1180, his successor Arnold had already given privileges to the abbey in Lubin.
Władysław Semkowicz identifies him as the father of the knight Jan, certified in documents from 1228 and 1230, and the progenitor of the Sulim family. The name Cherubinowice in Sandomierz, which later belonged to the Sulim family, probably comes from the Bishop of Cherub.
The Lubiński Yearbook from the end of the 13th century erroneously states that he held his office from 1164 and died in 1172. It is assumed that the Yearbook changed the order of Radwan and Cherubino.

</doc>
<doc id="56592628" url="?curid=56592628" title="Azhagu Raja">
Azhagu Raja


</doc>
<doc id="56592631" url="?curid=56592631" title="Applications of Bayesian inference">
Applications of Bayesian inference


</doc>
<doc id="56592633" url="?curid=56592633" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Warfare)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Warfare)


</doc>
<doc id="56592634" url="?curid=56592634" title="Softbank Creative">
Softbank Creative


</doc>
<doc id="56592641" url="?curid=56592641" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations and Air)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations and Air)


</doc>
<doc id="56592642" url="?curid=56592642" title="Arnold I (Bishop of Poznań)">
Arnold I (Bishop of Poznań)

Arnold (died January 15, 1211) was a Catholic bishop.
Arnold, from 1196 (the date of his predecessor, Bishop Mrokota's, death) was a Poznań bishop. However, he was mentioned for the first time only in the bull of Pope Innocent III of August 2, 1201.
From 1206 Arnold II was a follower of Prince Władysław Laskonogi in his dispute with the Archbishop of Gniezno, Henryk Kietlicz, who led a hostile reform of a part of the clergy. Ignoring the interdict that the archbishop imposed on his diocese, he continued to give religious services to the cursed prince. It ended with an excommunication on Arnold, approved by a papal bull on January 10, 1207. He took part in the congress of princes in Głogów at Christmas 1208, where he removed church punishments. He took part in 1210 at the congress in Borzykowa.
He died on January 15, 1211.

</doc>
<doc id="56592643" url="?curid=56592643" title="To 'Joy My Freedom">
To 'Joy My Freedom


</doc>
<doc id="56592646" url="?curid=56592646" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operational Requirements)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operational Requirements)


</doc>
<doc id="56592649" url="?curid=56592649" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Capability)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Capability)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Capability) is a senior Royal Navy appointment responsible he is accountable for planning and delivering the larger part of future maritime effectiveness; he does this on behalf of the First Sea Lord.
History.
The post was created in 2013 the office holder currently chairs the maritime capability board which is accountable for planning and delivering the larger part of future maritime effectiveness he does this on behalf of the First Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Staff. In addition, he liaises with the Finance Director (Navy), Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Support), Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Aviation &amp; Carriers), and Ministry of Defence, Head Office Director of Strategic Projects to deliver a Command Plan that meets the Ministry of Defence Outputs. The office holder is superintended by the Second Sea Lord and Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff.
From April 2013 until November 2018 the post holder simultaneously held the title Chief of Staff Navy Command (HQ). The post is also known as Director Develop as of September 2020.
Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Capability).
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592650" url="?curid=56592650" title="Andrzej Zaremba">
Andrzej Zaremba

Andrzej Zaremba from Czermina of the Zaremba coat of arms (died 1317 or 1318) was bishop of Poznań.
Son of Szymon, castellan of Gniezno, brother of the cousin of Kalisz, Mikołaj Jankowic and Sędziwój of Jarocin. A representative of one of the most powerful families of Wielkopolska in the 13th and 14th centuries. No mention has been made of his childhood and studies. For the first time he appears in the sources as a chaplain of Bolesław the Pious. In 1280 he became the chancellor of Przemyśl II, and in 1282 he was also Archdiocese of Kalisz.
After the death of the king, he works in the office of Władysław Łokietek. In a document from 1297, he appears as a provost of the Poznań chapter.
Episcopal career.
In the same year, he left the court of Łokietek to embrace the Poznań bishop's throne. In 1298 he was the main negotiator of the settlement in Kościan, between Łokietek, Henry III Głogowczyk and wielkopolskie Wielkieks, who in exchange for the support of Łokietek's embrace of the Crown left by Przemysl guaranteed a number of privileges to Poznań bishops, including the title of the Crown Chancellor and the Poznań throne. Soon after, along with the majority of the magnates of Wielkopolska, he found himself in opposition to Łokietek. In 1299, Władysław Łokietek placed the interdict in the diocese of Poznań (by some historians, this fact is questioned). After that he became one of the main architects of Wenceslas II's coronation as the king of Poland. After the death of Wacław II, and soon after him Wacław III supported in the summer of 1306 Henryk Głogowczyk, who mastered Greater Poland. The support of the Silesian Piasts of German and Silesian influences in Wielkopolska quickly caused that the majority of the nobles stood in opposition to Henry and his sons. Jakub Świnka and Andrzej Zaremba were in the forefront of this movement. In 1312, both priests laid a curse on Henryk and his sons, which accelerated the end of their rule over Wielkopolska. In 1313 bp. Andrzej ultimately spoke on the side of Łokietek.
During the office of the Poznań Bishop, he reformed the archdiocese of Poznań, dividing it into three smaller ones and planning to create a fourth one in the lands located on the northern bank of the Noteć. He issued laws that would put an end to the distribution of tithing from both new parishes and help to regain those assignments that his predecessors left behind. In the episcopal administration, he created a permanent general office, settled matters of cathedral vicars, created their permanent college, and recognized the bishops' chancellors as prelates. He also issued, in 1302, permission for an uprising at a Poznań friend.

</doc>
<doc id="56592657" url="?curid=56592657" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Ships and Submarines)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Ships and Submarines)


</doc>
<doc id="56592660" url="?curid=56592660" title="Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Ships and Submarines)">
Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Ships and Submarines)


</doc>
<doc id="56592666" url="?curid=56592666" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Submarines)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Submarines)


</doc>
<doc id="56592667" url="?curid=56592667" title="Dominican Republic and Haiti border">
Dominican Republic and Haiti border


</doc>
<doc id="56592668" url="?curid=56592668" title="Decimal part">
Decimal part


</doc>
<doc id="56592669" url="?curid=56592669" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Support)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Support)


</doc>
<doc id="56592670" url="?curid=56592670" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Training)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Training)


</doc>
<doc id="56592672" url="?curid=56592672" title="Cherry tree anecdote">
Cherry tree anecdote


</doc>
<doc id="56592674" url="?curid=56592674" title="Rafael Vázquez">
Rafael Vázquez

Rafael Vázquez (born 26 March 1929) is a Mexican singer, songwriter, and actor. Born in Tampico, Tamaulipas, he studied voice with singing teacher Carlos Abreu before achieving success as a singer at Mexico City radio station XEW in 1950. In 1959, he married Mexican singer and actress Carmela Rey, with whom he formed the successful duet Carmela y Rafael, known as "Mexico's Romantic Couple"; together they made 121 records and won numerous awards. He made his acting debut in the film "Ruletero a toda marcha" (1962), with Eulalio González, María Duval, and Norma Angélica Ladrón de Guevara.

</doc>
<doc id="56592680" url="?curid=56592680" title="Proterodesma byrsopola">
Proterodesma byrsopola

Proterodesma byrsopola is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1909. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56592697" url="?curid=56592697" title="1936 attack on the United States embassy in Addis Ababa">
1936 attack on the United States embassy in Addis Ababa


</doc>
<doc id="56592700" url="?curid=56592700" title="Ford Capri Mk II">
Ford Capri Mk II


</doc>
<doc id="56592701" url="?curid=56592701" title="Tereza Štadler">
Tereza Štadler

Tereza Štadler (; 29 September 1936 – 27 March 2001), née Manga (), was a Serbian and Yugoslav chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM, 1977). She was a winner of the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championship (1964).
Biography.
In the 1960s, she was one of the leading Yugoslav women's chess players. Štadler won the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championships in 1964. She is the winner of many international chess women's tournaments, including Bela Crkva (1958), Arenys de Mar (1966), Novi Sad (1978).
In 1967, Tereza Štadler participated in Women's World Chess Championship Candidates Tournament in Subotica and ranked 4th place. In 1971, she participated at Women's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournament in Ohrid and ranked 13th place.
Štadler played for Yugoslavia in the Women's Chess Olympiads:
In 1977, she was awarded the honorary title of FIDE International Women Grandmaster (WGM).

</doc>
<doc id="56592705" url="?curid=56592705" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Home)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Home)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Home) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1942 to 1945.
History.
Established as a new position in 1940 as part of the restructuring of the responsibilities of the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff the post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. He was responsible for supervising the directors of a number of naval staff divisions namely the Anti-Submarine and Warfare Division, Local Defence Division, Operations Division (Home), Operations Division (Mining)
and the Training and Staff Duties Division until 1945.
Office Holders.
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592708" url="?curid=56592708" title="Ford Capri Mk III">
Ford Capri Mk III


</doc>
<doc id="56592714" url="?curid=56592714" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Foreign)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Foreign)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Foreign) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1940 to 1945.
History.
Established in December 1940 as a new position to ease the burden of the responsibilities on the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff. The post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. He was chiefly responsible for supervising the directors of naval staff divisions such as the Gunnery Division (Foreign), Operations Division (Foreign) and the Warfare Division till 1945.
Office holders.
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592719" url="?curid=56592719" title="Holden LX Torana A9X SLR5000">
Holden LX Torana A9X SLR5000


</doc>
<doc id="56592721" url="?curid=56592721" title="Windows Embedded Compact 2013">
Windows Embedded Compact 2013


</doc>
<doc id="56592722" url="?curid=56592722" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (U boat and Trade)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (U boat and Trade)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (U boat and Trade) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1940 to 1945.
History.
First created in July 1940 as a new post as part of the redefining of responsibilities of the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff the post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. The post holder was responsible for supervising the directors of a number of naval staff divisions specifically the Minesweeping Division and the Trade Division until 1945.
Office Holders.
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592723" url="?curid=56592723" title="Patricia Joyce Lindop">
Patricia Joyce Lindop


</doc>
<doc id="56592726" url="?curid=56592726" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Weapons)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Weapons)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Weapons) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1941 to 1946.
History.
Originally created in September 1941 as a new position due to the re-evaluating of the responsibilities of the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff the post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. The post holder was responsible for supervising the directors of a number of naval staff divisions specifically the Gunnery Division and Torpedo Division's until April 1946 when the post was abolished.
Office Holders.
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592729" url="?curid=56592729" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Air)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Air)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Air) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1941 to 1946.
History.
The post was created in January 1943 as a new office to relieve the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff of one of his responsibilities the post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. The office holder was responsible for supervising the directors of a number of naval staff divisions originally the Air Warfare and Training Division and later the Naval Air Warfare and Flying Training Division until April 1946 when the post was abolished.
Office Holders.
Included:

</doc>
<doc id="56592731" url="?curid=56592731" title="Sohar Aluminium">
Sohar Aluminium

Sohar Aluminium Company is the first Aluminium smelter in the Sultanate of Oman. Established in 2004, it is under the ownership of Oman Oil Company, Abu Dhabi National Energy Company PJSC – TAQA and Rio Tinto, a leading aluminium mining and production company.
The company's annual production of primary aluminium is 375,000 tonnes per annum and it has a port facility for receiving and exporting aluminium and can support vessels with a capacity of at least 75,000 metric tonnes.
History.
Formed in September 2004, Sohar Aluminium LLC is a joint venture between Oman Oil Company S.A.O.G (40%), Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Authority (40%), and Rio Tinto Alcan (20%). Tony Kinsman was appointed CEO of Sohar Aluminium in September 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="56592736" url="?curid=56592736" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations)

The Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations) was a senior British Royal Navy appointment. The post holder was part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1966 to 1968,
History.
The post was established in October 1945 following re-structuring of responsibilities of the Assistant Chief of Naval Staff of one of his responsibilities. The post holder was a part of the Admiralty Naval Staff and member of the Board of Admiralty. The office holder was responsible for supervising the directors of a number of naval staff divisions originally the Operations Division until December 1946 when the post was abolished. In 1966 the office was revived until 1968 when it was replaced by the Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations and Air).
Office holders.
Included:
Post in abeyance

</doc>
<doc id="56592740" url="?curid=56592740" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Policy)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Policy)


</doc>
<doc id="56592757" url="?curid=56592757" title="1997 Boston mayoral election">
1997 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1997 occurred on Tuesday, November 4, 1997. Incumbent Thomas Menino ran unopposed, and was re-elected to his second term; he received 71 percent of the vote. This was the first time an incumbent Mayor of Boston faced no opposition in a general election.

</doc>
<doc id="56592758" url="?curid=56592758" title="Moockra, South Australia">
Moockra, South Australia

Moockra is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the eastern side of the Flinders Ranges about north of the state capital of Adelaide and about north-east and south-east respectively of the municipal seats of Melrose and Quorn.
Boundaries for the locality were created on 13 March 1997 for the part within the District Council of Mount Remarkable, on 25 November 1999 for the part in the Flinders Ranges Council and on 16 December 1999 for the part in the District Council of Orroroo Carrieton. Its boundaries include the sites of the Government Towns of Hawkshaw and Moockra. Its name is derived from the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Moockra which is of Aboriginal origin and is ultimately derived from “a large rock on top of a hill” in the locality called the Moockra Tower.
The locality consists of the full extent of the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Moockra which itself covers an area of with parts of the following adjoining hundreds - Boolcunda in the north-west, Palmer to the west, Coonatto to the south, and Yanyarrie and Eurelia to the east.
Moockra is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral districts of Giles and Stuart, and the local government areas of the District Council of Mount Remarkable, the Flinders Ranges Council and the District Council of Orroroo Carrieton.
Government towns within the locality.
Moockra, formerly Coonatto.
The Government Town of Coonatto was proclaimed on 7 February 1884 and is located in the Hundred of Coonatto to the immediate east of the site of the former Moockra Railway Station which closed on 4 April 1987 and which was a stop on the Peterborough–Quorn railway line. Its name was ‘altered’ to ‘Moockra’ on 20 February 1941. A post office opened in October 1887.
Hawkshaw.
The Government Town of Hawkshaw was proclaimed on 23 November 1882 and is located in Section 49 of the Hundred of Moockra. The South Australian historian, Geoffrey Manning, suggests that it may be named after the English engineer, John Hawkshaw.

</doc>
<doc id="56592766" url="?curid=56592766" title="Wellsweep Press">
Wellsweep Press

The Wellsweep Press was a UK-based independent publishing house, specialising in the publication of literary translation from Chinese. It was founded by poet and literary translator John Cayley in the 1980s, and published books from 1988 through the 1990s. It played a particularly important role in publishing contemporary and avant-garde Chinese literature in translation in the 1990s.
Publications.
Digital poetry
External links.
John Cayley at Brown University.

</doc>
<doc id="56592771" url="?curid=56592771" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations/Air)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operations/Air)


</doc>
<doc id="56592778" url="?curid=56592778" title="2018 Miami Open">
2018 Miami Open

The 2018 Miami Open presented by Itaú (also known as 2018 Miami Masters) was a professional men and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 34th edition of the Miami Open, and part of the Masters 1000 category on the 2018 ATP World Tour, and of the Premier Mandatory category on the 2018 WTA Tour. All men and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida, United States, from March 19 through April 1, 2018. It was the last time the tournament was played at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park. The tournament moved to the Hard Rock Stadium starting in 2019.
ATP singles main draw entrants.
Seeds.
The following are the seeded players. Rankings and seedings are based on ATP rankings as of March 19, 2018.
† The player did not qualify for the tournament in 2017. Accordingly, points for his 18th best result are deducted instead.&lt;br&gt;
‡ The player used an exemption to skip the tournament in 2017. Accordingly, points for his 18th best result are deducted instead.
Withdrawals.
The following players would have been seeded, but they withdrew from the event.
† Ramos Viñolas is entitled to use an exemption to skip the tournament and substitute his 18th best result (45 points) in its stead. Accordingly, his points after the tournament will remain unchanged.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry using a protected ranking:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as lucky loser:
ATP doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
WTA singles main draw entrants.
Seeds.
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on WTA rankings as of March 5, 2018. Rankings and points before are as of March 19, 2018.
† The player did not qualify for the tournament in 2017. Accordingly, points for her 16th best result are deducted instead.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Withdrawals.
During the tournament
WTA doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following pair received entry as alternates:

</doc>
<doc id="56592780" url="?curid=56592780" title="Bexar County Sheriff's Office">
Bexar County Sheriff's Office


</doc>
<doc id="56592781" url="?curid=56592781" title="Hawkshaw, South Australia">
Hawkshaw, South Australia


</doc>
<doc id="56592786" url="?curid=56592786" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592789" url="?curid=56592789" title="Moockra">
Moockra


</doc>
<doc id="56592791" url="?curid=56592791" title="Gina Millar">
Gina Millar


</doc>
<doc id="56592792" url="?curid=56592792" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding 3rd Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592794" url="?curid=56592794" title="Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office">
Bernalillo County Sheriff's Office


</doc>
<doc id="56592795" url="?curid=56592795" title="Indradhanu (TV Channel)">
Indradhanu (TV Channel)

Indradhanu () is a TV channel specialising in movies of Assam. It was launched on 15 April 2017 and is a part of the Pride East Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. based in Guwahati, Assam owned by Riniki Bhuyan Sarma. It is the first ever satellite movie TV channel of the northeast India. The channel broadcast recently released movies and shortfilms in Assamese, Hindi, Bengali and other regional languages.
The channel will also have a music show, The Legend, which will feature popular Assamese, Hindi, Bengali and other regional-language songs.

</doc>
<doc id="56592797" url="?curid=56592797" title="Bradley County Sheriff's Office">
Bradley County Sheriff's Office


</doc>
<doc id="56592798" url="?curid=56592798" title="Mohamed Maharoof">
Mohamed Maharoof


</doc>
<doc id="56592801" url="?curid=56592801" title="Coonatto, South Australia">
Coonatto, South Australia


</doc>
<doc id="56592802" url="?curid=56592802" title="Commodore Commanding 1st Light Cruiser Squadron">
Commodore Commanding 1st Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592808" url="?curid=56592808" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Light Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 1st Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592817" url="?curid=56592817" title="Commodore Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron">
Commodore Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592819" url="?curid=56592819" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592823" url="?curid=56592823" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56592831" url="?curid=56592831" title="Cryptokitty">
Cryptokitty


</doc>
<doc id="56592832" url="?curid=56592832" title="R. Morris">
R. Morris


</doc>
<doc id="56592835" url="?curid=56592835" title="Guilherme Gomes Fernandes">
Guilherme Gomes Fernandes

Guilherme Gomes Fernandes (1850–1902) helped to found the Humanitarian Association of Volunteer Firefighters (1874–75) and the Public Salvation Corps in Portugal. He became Commander of the fire department in 1877. He combated the fire of the Baquet Theater in 1888 as the Commander of the Volunteer Fire Department of the Port. He created and directed the newspaper "O Bombeiro Voluntario." There are a number of streets named for him in Portugal. There is a monument by sculptor Bento Candido Silva that was inaugurated in 1915 in the Plaza de Guilherme Gomes Fernandes in Vitoria City of Port in Portugal. A stamp with his portrait was issued in 1953 in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="56592836" url="?curid=56592836" title="Eileen Betsy Tranmer">
Eileen Betsy Tranmer

Eileen Betsy Tranmer (5 May 1910 – 26 September 1983) was an English musician and chess player who held the title of Woman International Master (WIM, 1950). She was a four-time winner of the British Women's Chess Championship (1947, 1949, 1953, 1961).
Biography.
From the end of the 1940s to the start of the 1960s, she was one of England's leading women chess players. Eileen Betsy Tranmer four times won the British Women's Chess Championships: 1947, 1949, 1953 and 1961. In 1950, Eileen Betsy Tranmer participated at Women's World Chess Championship in Moscow where shared 5th-7th place. In 1952, she participated at Women's World Chess Championship Candidates Tournament in Moscow and ranked 7th place. In 1950, she was awarded the FIDE International Women Master (WIM) title.
On 20 June 1946 Tranmer played (and lost) a "radio chess" match against the Russian woman chess player Valentina Byelova. Tranmer was one of two women who were part of a twelve-member British team who played in a four-day radio chess tournament. The British team played their moves in London while the Soviet team played their moves in Moscow.
Eileen Betsy Tranmer played for England in the Women's Chess Olympiad:
In addition to participating in chess tournaments, Eileen Betsy Tranmer also was prominent clarinettist. In March 1940, she gave concerts with "Scottish Orchestra". From 1950 she working with "Sadler's Wells Orchestra" along with another British clarinetist, Thea King.

</doc>
<doc id="56592839" url="?curid=56592839" title="John McDonald (entrepreneur)">
John McDonald (entrepreneur)

John McDonald is a restaurateur and entrepreneur based in New York City. He is the founder and CEO of Mercer Street Hospitality, and co-founder of Tasting Table Media.
Career.
McDonald began his career in nightlife with MercBar and went on to open restaurants including Canteen, Lever House, Lure Fishbar, Bowery Meat Company, El Toro Blanco, Burger &amp; Barrel and Chinatown Brasserie.
In 2002 McDonald co-founded the Mexican restaurant Dos Caminos with Steve Hanson of BR Guest Restaurants. He was bought out in 2007 when Starwood Capital purchased all of BR Guest.
Prior to founding Tasting Table, a culinary lifestyle publication, he started a niche magazine title, "CITY", acting as both Editorial Director and Publisher from 1999 to 2008. The magazine was nominated for National Magazine Awards in 2002 for General Excellence, for Photography in 2004 and Photo Portfolio in 2007 (winner). He closed the magazine in 2008 and started Tasting Table with Bob Pittman.
He is also the co-founder of the beverage brand EBOOST along with Josh Taekman, in 2007.
McDonald was the first American restaurateur to bring the design work of Marc Newson to New York with the 1999 project Canteen and then again together developed the Lever House Restaurant inside the modernist landmark Lever House. He received a Michelin Star in 2005 for this restaurant.
He was mentioned by "New York" magazine as one of The New Yorkers of 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56592846" url="?curid=56592846" title="Sassoli">
Sassoli

Sassoli is an Italian surname that may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="56592850" url="?curid=56592850" title="Proterodesma chathamica">
Proterodesma chathamica

Proterodesma chathamica is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by John S. Dugdale in 1971. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56592858" url="?curid=56592858" title="Nompumelelo Ntuli Zuma">
Nompumelelo Ntuli Zuma

Nompumelelo Ntuli Zuma is the former First Lady of South Africa, and is the second current wife in a polygamous marriage with Jacob Zuma, the former President of South Africa.
Biography.
Zuma’s fourth marriage and second current wife, Nompumelelo Ntuli (MaNtuli) is the mother to three of his children, before she married him in 2008 at a traditional ceremony which received plenty of media attention in the run-up to Zuma’s bid for the presidency. She has three children: Manqoba Kholwani, Sinqobile, Thandisiwe. 
Ban from compound.
In 2015, it was alleged she was part of a plot to poison her husband, then-president Jacob Zuma. In result, she was banned from the Nkandla homestead.

</doc>
<doc id="56592869" url="?curid=56592869" title="Bill Bass (disambiguation)">
Bill Bass (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56592874" url="?curid=56592874" title="Second language development">
Second language development


</doc>
<doc id="56592881" url="?curid=56592881" title="Post Concussion Syndrome">
Post Concussion Syndrome


</doc>
<doc id="56592882" url="?curid=56592882" title="Wulfing">
Wulfing


</doc>
<doc id="56592886" url="?curid=56592886" title="Vitor Feijão">
Vitor Feijão

Vitor Correia da Silva (born 1 August 1996), known as Vitor Feijão is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Paysandu as a forward.
Club career.
Paraná.
Born in São Paulo, Feijão is a graduate of the youth academy of Paraná. On 16 October 2015, he was called to the senior team for a Série B match against Esporte Clube Vitória; making his debut and replacing Edér in the 1–1 draw.
Deemed surplus to the club's requirements Feijão joined Jacuipense on a loan deal on 2 March 2016. However he returned to his parent club in early April. In May, he was loaned to Série A club Coritiba after having renewed his contract till 2017.
On 9 January 2017, Feijão's contract was extended till the end of the season. In February, he suffered a muscle injury during a game against PSTC and was ruled out of play for 10 months. After recovering from injury, he returned to play in August, scoring a goal against Juventude in a 2–0 win. On 9 September, he signed a contract extension, which would keep him at the club till 2018. At the end of the season, his side was promoted to Série A after 10 years.
In Série A, Feijão found his playing time limited due to the arrival of Léo Itaperuna and Silvinho. Consequently, he joined Criciúma on a loan deal on 30 May 2018.
Ceará.
On 18 December 2018, Feijão joined Ceará for the upcoming season. On 7 June 2019 Guarani FC confirmed, that they had loaned Feijão for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="56592890" url="?curid=56592890" title="George Davie (footballer)">
George Davie (footballer)

George Davie was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Everton.
Background.
George Davie was signed by Everton to strengthen their attack.
League &amp; Everton Debut.
Centre-Forward was a problem position for Everton in 1888-1889. He was the eighth player to play at centre-forward when he was picked to lead the attack against Burnley on 24 November 1888 at Anfield, Liverpool. Everton won the toss and played with the wind at their backs. It worked. Edgar Chadwick made it 1–0, J Coyne added the second and James Costley made it three via a deflection. Everton 3–0 Burnley at half-time. With the wind at their backs Burnley got into the game and reduced Everton' first-half lead to 3–2. There were chances at both ends but it finished Everton 3–2 Burnley
Playing Record.
Davie played two in a row at centre-forward. However after the beating Everton took from West Bromwich Albion (4-1) at Anfield on 1 December 1888 Davie was dropped for the rest of the season. Everton finished eighth in the League scoring 35 goals, the second lowest tally by a League team in that first season.
After Everton.
Davie left Everton in April 1889 and joined Sunderland. He never played top-flight football again.

</doc>
<doc id="56592904" url="?curid=56592904" title="Mere Dil Mein">
Mere Dil Mein


</doc>
<doc id="56592906" url="?curid=56592906" title="Năm Phỉ">
Năm Phỉ

Meritorious Artist Năm Phỉ (1906 – 1954, ()) was a Vietnamese actress and singer.
Early life.
Năm Phỉ's real name is Lê Thị Phỉ (), given to her by her father "Công thành danh toại, phỉ chí nam nhi, bia truyền tạc để". Her father was a civil engineer; all of his 11 children attended the cải lương theatre. She was born in 1906 at Mỹ Tho town.
Career.
She began her career as a child singer at 10. Her father later renounced her. From 1926 to the beginning World War II, she worked with companies, such as Nam Đồng band, Tái Đồng band, Văn Hí band, Phước Cương band. She came to Europe to perform and record at Paris Expositions, in 1931 and 1937.
At her peak, Năm Phỉ's worth was about 230 thousand (≈ some thousand ounces). She received 186 love letters, 1009 postcards, 167 photographs and was discussed in 42 articles.
Personal life.
Năm Phỉ married actor Hai Giỏi before she was 18, however he died shortly after. After 1926, she remarried with manager Nguyễn Phước Cương, who was a descendant of Emperor Thành Thái. Her second marriage only lasted a few years before divorce. Mr Nguyễn Phước Cương remarried Năm Phỉ's younger sister Bảy Nam. Phước Cương and Bảy Nam's daughter Kim Cương called her as Momma.

</doc>
<doc id="56592907" url="?curid=56592907" title="Pacific Engineering and Production Company of Nevada">
Pacific Engineering and Production Company of Nevada


</doc>
<doc id="56592908" url="?curid=56592908" title="Polygala alba">
Polygala alba

Polygala alba, commonly called white milkwort, is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family (Polygalaceae).
Distribution.
It is native to North America, where it is found in Canada, Mexico, and the United States. In the United States, its range is concentrated in the Great Plains and the Southwest. Its natural habitat is in rocky or sandy dry prairies.
Description.
It is an erect perennial, reaching tall. It produces small white flowers, distributed in an elongated raceme. It flowers in late spring and early summer.

</doc>
<doc id="56592910" url="?curid=56592910" title="Samba Faye">
Samba Faye

Samba Faye, born April 25, 1987, is a Senegal-born Japanese professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Kumamoto Volters of the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56592912" url="?curid=56592912" title="List of supermarket chains in Mongolia">
List of supermarket chains in Mongolia

This is a list of supermarket chains in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="56592917" url="?curid=56592917" title="Salinas Dam">
Salinas Dam

The Salinas Dam is a dam built on the Salinas River in San Luis Obispo County, California. Designed by Raymond A. Hill, the gravity dam features an arched design with an open spillway. The War Department began construction on the dam in mid-1941, as World War II began to reach the Pacific. The original intent of the dam was to supply water to Camp San Luis Obispo, which the Army was considering expanding to meet military needs. However, the camp’s wells ultimately provided sufficient water to the camp, and the reservoir water was never required or used by the military. Today, the dam operations are leased by the city of San Luis Obispo, to supply water to the city and surrounding agricultural areas. The reservoir created by the dam is known as the Santa Margarita Lake, or Santa Margarita Reservoir.
Construction, Design, and Specifications.
The Salinas Dam is a gravity dam with an arched design. The dam is built at an angle to allow overflow in the event that the lake level surpasses a safe height or capacity. The dam is 135 feet high, and is built to withstand a maximum theoretical capacity of 26,000 acre-feet of water, and a maximum water level of 1300.74 feet. The intake system of the dam is composed of three separate intakes. Two of the three intakes are flexible 15-foot snorkels, and the third is a fixed type. The actual capacity of the dam due to natural settling of sediments is now 23,842.90 acre-feet.
The dam is almost entirely constructed of concrete, and was originally designed to include a steel spillway gate. However, the steel gate was installed at the Friant Dam near Fresno, instead, due to concerns that the dam would not be capable of holding the additional water. To date, the spillway remains as an open concrete ramp. This spillway is located at the north end of the dam and is 19 feet deep. With a gate installed to prevent the reservoir water from flowing over the spillway, it is estimated that the capacity of the reservoir could increase by 22,000 acre-feet, to a total of 46,000 acre-feet, provided the structure of the dam would be able to withstand the added pressure.
On May 21, 1941, the Army awarded a contract to two engineers to design and build the dam. The engineers forecasted that the dam would take a year to complete, but the Army would only allow six months for completion. Planning, surveying, and construction were accelerated, and the dam was completed within the allotted timeframe, in early January 1942.
The Salinas Dam project included not only the construction of the dam itself, but also the construction of a one-mile long tunnel through the Santa Lucia Mountain Range, and 9.2 additional miles of 24 inch reinforced concrete pipe to route the water. The one-mile tunnel, known as the Cuesta tunnel, was cement lined and approximately six feet wide by eight feet tall. The tunnel would allow the water to flow, by gravity, to the water treatment plant for the city of San Luis Obispo.
Water Source and Flow.
The watershed that feeds the Santa Margarita Reservoir is 112 square miles, with the dam collecting water from the Salinas River, as well as three of its tributaries: Alamo Creek, Salsipuedes Creek, and Toro Creek. In the event that the reservoir's surface water level meets or exceeds 1267 feet of elevation, water can flow by gravity to a booster station near the Santa Lucia mountain range. However, when the surface level of the reservoir falls below this amount, it must be pumped to the booster station. Either way, once the water reaches the mountains, it must be pumped for the additional mile to the entrance of the Cuesta tunnel, through the Cuesta tunnel, and another additional mile before gravity can again be used to transport the water the rest of the way to the water treatment plant.
Water Rights.
The dam was originally owned by the United States Army, but was transferred to the Army Corps of Engineers in April 1947. Several months later, in July 1947, the Army Corps of Engineers and the County of San Luis Obispo Flood Control and Water Conservation District made an agreement that the District would assume the operation and maintenance of the dam and related operations. In 1988, the County Water District made an additional agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to established a water quality monitoring program.
San Luis Obispo now holds water rights up to 45,000 acre-feet from the reservoir; nearly the theoretical capacity of the dam with a flood gate installed.
Talk of Expansion.
The city of San Luis Obispo investigated the feasibility of expanding the dam as a part of its 2013 Salinas Reservoir Expansion Study. This study explored the option of installing a spillway gate on the dam, and transferring the dam ownership completely from the Army Corps of Engineers to an unspecified “local” entity. Seismic simulation tests were conducted as part of this study, and it was found that at the proposed increased water level, the dam likely not maintain structural integrity. It was also found that, even at the lower historic water capacity, the dam could possibly fail during a prolonged earthquake, but was within acceptable ranges.
Ultimately, the expansion did not come to fruition, and the ownership of the dam stayed in the hands of the Army Corps of Engineers.
Controversy.
It took only six months to build the dam, including planning, streambed surveying, and construction. The expedited construction has made many question the dam’s structural integrity, including the engineers involved in its construction. The dam was actually found to leak where the supports contacted the canyon walls, and concrete was later pumped into the canyon walls to help reduce the leakage.

</doc>
<doc id="56592920" url="?curid=56592920" title="Burma/Government">
Burma/Government


</doc>
<doc id="56592921" url="?curid=56592921" title="1974 (disambiguation)">
1974 (disambiguation)

1974 is a year. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56592922" url="?curid=56592922" title="Proterodesma turbotti">
Proterodesma turbotti

Proterodesma turbotti is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by John Tenison Salmon &amp; John David Bradley in 1956. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56592928" url="?curid=56592928" title="Cleveland metro area, Tennessee">
Cleveland metro area, Tennessee


</doc>
<doc id="56592932" url="?curid=56592932" title="Stay a Little Longer with Me">
Stay a Little Longer with Me


</doc>
<doc id="56592934" url="?curid=56592934" title="List of number-one Billboard Regional Mexican Songs of 2018">
List of number-one Billboard Regional Mexican Songs of 2018

The "Billboard" Regional Mexican Songs chart ranks the best-performing Regional Mexican singles in the United States. Published weekly by "Billboard" magazine, it ranks the "most popular regional Mexican songs, ranked by radio airplay audience impressions as measured by Nielsen Music."

</doc>
<doc id="56592940" url="?curid=56592940" title="Jennifer Dy Chan">
Jennifer Dy Chan

Jennifer Dy Chan (born January 16, 1965) is a Filipino archer who has competed for the Philippines at the 2000 Summer Olympics.She is a resident of Dumaguete.
Education.
Chan attended the Silliman University where she obtained a bachelor's degree in general science.
Career.
Siliman University physical education instructor and Philippine national archery coach, Dionisio Flores encouraged Chan to take up archery. Before then, Chan was more into basketball and tennis but was convinced since she was told that archery is a sport she could play by herself. Chan trained for eight months before participating at the National Open which gave her a chance to compete in the Southeast Asian Games. According to World Archery, She took up archery in 1989 and debuted for her country in 1990.
Chan first competed in the 1991 edition of the Southeast Asian Games though she didn't medal.
At the 2000 Summer Olympics, Jennifer Chan competed in the women's individual event. She conceded a 143-160 defeat to a Turkish competitor in the first round and finish with a ranking of 59th out of 64 competitors. She then coached Mark Javier who competed in the Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She won the gold medal at the women’s individual compound event at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games winning 115-112 over Aung Ngeain. Her 2009 participation was supposed to be her last though she participated in the 2011, 2015, and 2017 editions. She won a silver in women's individual in 2011 and a bronze in the women's team event in 2015.
At the 2011 Archery World Cup in Shanghai, she was part of the Philippine team that won a bronze in the women's compound team event.

</doc>
<doc id="56592947" url="?curid=56592947" title="Jennifer Chan (archer)">
Jennifer Chan (archer)


</doc>
<doc id="56592954" url="?curid=56592954" title="Muhammad Abdur Rauf Siddiqui">
Muhammad Abdur Rauf Siddiqui


</doc>
<doc id="56592957" url="?curid=56592957" title="XHTNC-FM">
XHTNC-FM

XHTNC-FM is a community radio station on 105.1 FM in Tancítaro, Michoacán. It is known as Radio Cultural Tancítaro.
History.
Radio Cultural Tancítaro began operations formally on April 24, 2014 as the first station in town, signing on during the Third Annual Avocado Fair. The unlicensed station broadcast on 107.1 MHz. A lightning strike and lack of resources had the station off air as of June 15, 2016.
XHTNC-FM, on its new frequency of 105.1, was among the last new stations approved in 2017, getting Federal Telecommunications Institute approval on December 13 and signing on within two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="56592958" url="?curid=56592958" title="Welthauptstadt Germania">
Welthauptstadt Germania


</doc>
<doc id="56592965" url="?curid=56592965" title="2018 Miami Open (tennis)">
2018 Miami Open (tennis)


</doc>
<doc id="56593010" url="?curid=56593010" title="Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque">
Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque

Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque () is a mosque in Tutong, the town of Tutong District in Brunei. The mosque was opened in 1966; it can accommodate 1,000 worshippers at one time.
History.
The construction of the mosque officially began on 17 April 1965 and completed by the middle of the following year. It was inaugurated on 26 August 1966 by Hassanal Bolkiah, the present Sultan of Brunei who at that time was still the crown prince.
On 7 October 2016, the mosque held an event to commemorate the golden jubilee of its existence.

</doc>
<doc id="56593011" url="?curid=56593011" title="Din Tharap">
Din Tharap


</doc>
<doc id="56593013" url="?curid=56593013" title="Phao Phianloet">
Phao Phianloet


</doc>
<doc id="56593014" url="?curid=56593014" title="Nikolaus Ott">
Nikolaus Ott


</doc>
<doc id="56593022" url="?curid=56593022" title="Neville Bonitto">
Neville Bonitto

Neville Leopold Bonitto (15 August 1924 – 14 January 2013) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Jamaica from 1947 to 1957.
Neville Bonitto was a middle-order batsman who made his highest score of 207 not out against British Guiana in 1952-53, when he added 283 for the fifth wicket with Alfie Binns. He migrated to the United States in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="56593029" url="?curid=56593029" title="USA Airport">
USA Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56593031" url="?curid=56593031" title="Centrohelids">
Centrohelids


</doc>
<doc id="56593035" url="?curid=56593035" title="Cavashon">
Cavashon


</doc>
<doc id="56593037" url="?curid=56593037" title="Sobri">
Sobri


</doc>
<doc id="56593045" url="?curid=56593045" title="FaZe Banks">
FaZe Banks


</doc>
<doc id="56593046" url="?curid=56593046" title="Damar kurung latern">
Damar kurung latern


</doc>
<doc id="56593049" url="?curid=56593049" title="Charlie Holmes (singer)">
Charlie Holmes (singer)


</doc>
<doc id="56593053" url="?curid=56593053" title="Crown heel length">
Crown heel length


</doc>
<doc id="56593056" url="?curid=56593056" title="Crown-heel length">
Crown-heel length


</doc>
<doc id="56593058" url="?curid=56593058" title="Azalinullah">
Azalinullah


</doc>
<doc id="56593063" url="?curid=56593063" title="Marjory Stoneman Douglas High">
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High


</doc>
<doc id="56593064" url="?curid=56593064" title="Stallion83">
Stallion83


</doc>
<doc id="56593065" url="?curid=56593065" title="Palace of De Boure">
Palace of De Boure

Palace of De Boure is a palace built by order of Leo De Boure, one of the oil millionaires of Baku in the 19th century and the business manager for Baron Rothschild's company. The palace is located on Niyazi street (formerly Sadovaya) facing Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall. It was built on the project of architect Nicholas von der Nonne in 1891–1895.
History.
On February 26, 1888, Leo De Boure (1840–1889), the oil magnate, founder of "Caspian Partnership" Joint Stock Company and millionaire appealed to the Baku City Council for approval of two-storied stone palace plan, which he wanted to build. On April 18, 1888, an agreement on allocation of 700 square meters of land was obtained on Sadovaya Street (present Niyazi Street). On August 26, urban engineer Nicholas von der Nonne and city architect, construction engineer Anton Kandinov confirm the plan of the palace. But architect A. Kandinov does not have the signature in the architectural project of the palace, and Nicholas von der Nonne is considered the only architect of the palace. On August 31, 1888, project of construction of the palace was approved by the Mayor of Baku, Stanislav Despot-Zenovich and member of the executive board, L. Nikulin. Soon the construction work began.
Property of Caspian Society.
De Boure died in 1889 before the construction of the building was completed. His successors sold groundbreaking building to “Caspian Partnership” Joint Stock Company in January 1891 for 16,000 rubles. Thus, the building became the property of the Society. Therefore, architects had to make some changes in the initial plan of the building. On the main facade of the building, two exit doors were constructed. The balconies was opened on Sadovaya Street side and Mikhailovsky Garden (now Vahid Garden) was the landscape from the balconies.
History of construction of the building is dated back to 1891 – 1893. It is also noted that palace of “Caspian Partnership” Joint Stock Company was completed in 1895. The building's medallion had a "KT" (first letters of Caspian Partnership in Azerbaijani) abbreviation, but later it was destroyed during repair. In 1895, co-founder of the Caspian Partnership Society, S. I. Baghirov died and his assistant Pavel Osipovich Gukasov replaced him. In 1896, one of the family members, brother of chairman of Caspian Partnership Society, Arshak Osipovich Gukasov moved to the palace and settled in several rooms of it. In 1898, P. O. Gukasov and his family moved to this palace. It's also noted that a fire broke out in the palace during those years.
Later period.
After the October Revolution of 1917, on July 31, 1918, with the active participation of British Consul E. McDonald, the government in Baku was passed from the Islamic Army of the Caucasus to Centrocaspian Dictatorship, which was invited to protect the city. In August 1919, the British army entered Baku. Following it, the headquarters of the British Command headed by General William Thomson was placed in the palace dedicated to Caspian Partnership. However, the family of the Gukasov family continued to live in the same palace.
After Red Army units entered Baku on April 28, 1920, Nariman Narimanov became the Chairman of the Revolutionary Committee of Azerbaijan. In 1921, he was elected chairman of the People's Commissars Council and council was placed at Palace of De Boure. Nariman Narimanov's family began to live on the second floor of the palace. After the death of N. Narimanov in 1925, Sadovaya Street was renamed N. Narimanov Street. From 1933, family of the first secretary of KGB, Mir Jafar Baghirov settled in the palace. In the 1930s a small reconstruction work was carried out in the palace, and on the left side a garden named after N. Narimanov was planted. In 1939 the street was renamed Chkalov Street. In 1951, M. Baghirov donated the palace to National Art Museum of Azerbaijan and the palace is still functioning as the first body of the museum.
Architectural features.
The palace-type building built by Nicholas von der Nonne is his first and last attempt to use volume-spatial solution by actively using plastic tools. This is sole historical building, which is perceived as a three-dimensional construction of flat-sized buildings in Baku. After re-planning the surrounding areas of the city, De Boure's palace remained an exemplary building. Significant size and effective location make up a composite accent between successfully constructed buildings. It is noted that the quiet, horizontal divisions of the palace creates a harmony with the surrounding club building, Building of Mayoralty of Baku and verticals of the property of Sadikhov. During projection of the Palace of De Boure, the squares along the red lines of the street were empty. Concerning this, the architect, Nicholas von der Nonne, paid special attention to the harmony of buildings in the neighborhood while working on the project. Considering the special position of the palace and the location, closeness to the Caspian Sea, large and plastic solutions are interesting. The baroque-style architecture of the palace, the well-placed classic elements and the powerful plastic tools (porticoes) used in the background of building using unhewn stone have an important role.
During construction of the building, palaces built differently from local architectural schools that was formed for centuries, were just beginning to be built on the central streets of Baku. The classic symmetric-axis facade is applied in the architectural composition of De Boure's palace. In Baku, the European classics were developing from the 1880s, and this was the direction of Baku artists' creativity. They used all possibilities of classics to disclose the artistic manifestations of the structure of the building. While preparing for the master plan of Baku engineer Nicholas von der Nonne, put it in the construction of a circular trunk around Old City and designated the place of the palace.
Planning.
The palace plan and architectural solution differs by industrialist tones: enfilade of the rooms are completed with hall chambers, the windows are facing the front facade. All rooms, including "Black" stairs and toilets, are lit up when air does. The exact system of capital walls is represented by one layered construction and constitutes basis of the carcass, which is connected to extensive corridors. The main stairs cover the north-western part of the quadratic yard area. At the end, the service (black) stairs are located. The left portico has access to the corridor. A three-quarter turn, triumphant marble staircase rises up from the right to the second floor, and discloses an interior. From the entrance, there is a marble two-quarter turn, an indoor-looking corner staircase. Both stairs combine the corridor in the style of enfilade. Palace of De Boure is considered one of the best objects in Baku with its architectural-plan and effectiveness.
Facade.
Architect Nicholas von der Nonne worked in the construction of the modern center of Baku (late 19th century) and managed to incorporate his position in the development of city architecture. At that time due to dominance of two-dimensional buildings the city streets, which were not so wide, there was no interval between neighboring buildings. Seamless lanes in the spatial environment of different facades were dominant. Despite the appearance of facades, the monotony of buildings reduced the overall impact of the architecture of Baku streets. Implementation of the De Boure's palace in the favorable city structure played a positive role. in turn, the architect, N.A von der Nonne, determined the three-dimensional effect of the facade. The author included the concept of volume-spatial architecture into the horizontal system of the building.
The triaxial shaped bulging center of side parts of the building facade are marked by vertical avant-corps and this results in the formation of plastics volume. Architect N.A von der Nonne believed that these elements were not sufficient for a prestigious palace building. For this reason, one-storeyed porticos are placed between the avant-corps that go forward from the façade line. Porticos have three corner columns of ionic order.
The porticos, along with their balconies on the second floor, enlarge the building façade composition. Creation of architectural forms by classic methods has resulted in separation of strong stylobate of the facade surface and the rustication part of the first floor with large stone blocks. On the background of such monumental part, the proportion of lightweight porticos have the influence. The contrast of the volume of the facade elements is the model of new composition systems in city construction.
Avant-corps of second floor are with noted with Corinthian order and it reminds of porticoes, far beyond the wall. They organize a plastic composition by harmonizing with the porticoes of the first floor. A rising classic object-spatial structure occurs over the building.
The dense horizontal porticoes of the lower floor have a soft transition to the second floor rustication. The facade of the second floor is represented by vividly profiled window places located on rustications and rhythmically arranged, rectangular window frames.
The triangular pediment on central rustication cornice is expressed with heraldic elements and sculpture figures. Architect Nicholas von der Nonne, in his original form, tried to mark the central part with a vivid artistic form, and decorated the form with a decorative dome on it. Vividly profiled cornice with sophisticated architectural detail differs in volume-spatial composition of the building.
The classic forms of the portico's columns, the corinthian order of the rustications, the thin profiles of the window frames, and the first-floor floor covering on the lightweight stone background create the fullness of the palace's architectural composition.
The building of the Nicholas von der Nonne is his first attempt of the use of volumetric settlement of the mansion through the active use of porticoes, loggias and other plastic means. The building is distinguished by the individuality of the planned and architectural solution: enfilades of rooms which has windows looking at main facade are completed with halls. All the rooms, including stairs and toilets, are illumined by the first light. At this time, the empty space free from the neighborhood allowed the architect to interpret the building as not to completed as a whole organism.
Facade on the side of Niyazi street and specially mentioned and not deep avant-corps which has three axis are divided into two floors with stylobates which are profiled through the whole corps. The central axis is striking with small dome as well. The whole composition of the façade is enriched with lightweight loggia-porticoes of the Ionic order, which is particularly noticeable. This method led to the creation of a composition with landscape. The classic forms of the columns of the visible portico, corinthian order of the avant-corps, the profiles of window frames, and construction of first floor from deep and second floor of lightweight stones creates plastic composition. The palace has unique properties for buildings similar to other building in Baku. In the 1930s, the reconstruction of the land was completed. The volume of the palace was included in the reconstructed garden composition by architect K. İ. Senchikov, which created a whole ensemble.
Interior.
Interior designs decorated with classic motifs, with the participation of Venetian mirrors with semi-circular arches. The walls are divided into decorated panels. Double corinth pilasters decorates the interior. Columns describe the composition of the rooms and are the most active elements of the interior. They do not prevent the screens on the walls, but on the other hand, they create a spatial environment.
Architect N.A von der Nonne created an oriental interior in its own unique style for local architectural traditions in one of the corner rooms of the second floor. After von der Nonne, this tradition were accepted by many Baku architects. In the Azizbeyov's house, the house of Musa Nagiyev, the Rilskiy brothers' house, Palace of Zeynalabdin Taghiyev and other historical buildings in Baku oriental style halls have been preserved.
On the second floor of De Boure's palace, there are two separate lounges oriented to front facade which was designed for ceremonial receptions. Long, straight corridors on the right and left sides of the building plan connect the entire room with an enfilade system. The lounges are large and decorated with columns on the side parts on transverse walls. This was one of the methods the architect N.A von der Nonne preferred. Including three-dimensional round columns that stand apart from the structure of the hall enriches the interior of the decorative plastic. The semi-ringed wall cavity, close to the columns and the floor of the hall, creates soft and cozy atmosphere with large arches. N.A von der Nonne often used such architectural elements in the interior of his residential buildings. The presence of mirrored steam next to the column also indicates the new shape applied on the interior.

</doc>
<doc id="56593066" url="?curid=56593066" title="Stoneman Douglas High">
Stoneman Douglas High


</doc>
<doc id="56593073" url="?curid=56593073" title="Takhiyuddin">
Takhiyuddin


</doc>
<doc id="56593075" url="?curid=56593075" title="Christian Anthony">
Christian Anthony


</doc>
<doc id="56593077" url="?curid=56593077" title="Wibc.com">
Wibc.com


</doc>
<doc id="56593078" url="?curid=56593078" title="WIBC.com">
WIBC.com


</doc>
<doc id="56593079" url="?curid=56593079" title="Ed Hartwell (musician)">
Ed Hartwell (musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56593080" url="?curid=56593080" title="Ollie Wilson">
Ollie Wilson


</doc>
<doc id="56593082" url="?curid=56593082" title="Sam Brennan">
Sam Brennan


</doc>
<doc id="56593083" url="?curid=56593083" title="Gavin Thane">
Gavin Thane


</doc>
<doc id="56593084" url="?curid=56593084" title="Nick Kendall">
Nick Kendall


</doc>
<doc id="56593085" url="?curid=56593085" title="Carl Martin (punk musician)">
Carl Martin (punk musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56593086" url="?curid=56593086" title="Duncan Andrews">
Duncan Andrews


</doc>
<doc id="56593090" url="?curid=56593090" title="Paunka Todorova">
Paunka Todorova

Paunka Todorova (; born 26 January 1930) is a Bulgarian chess player. She was a two-time winner of the Bulgarian Women's Chess Championship (1955, 1964).
Biography.
From the mid-1950s to the end of the 1960s, Paunka Todorova was one of the leading Bulgarian women's chess players. She won in Bulgarian Women's Chess Championships six medals: two gold (1955, 1964), silver (1970) and three bronze (1951, 1952, 1954). In 1958, Paunka Todorova won 3rd place in International Women's chess tournament in Bela Crkva. In 1959, she participated at Women's World Chess Championship Candidates Tournament in Plovdiv and ranked 14th place.
Paunka Todorova played for Bulgaria in the Women's Chess Olympiad:
She stopped her chess player career in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="56593094" url="?curid=56593094" title="The Talk of the Town (album)">
The Talk of the Town (album)

The Talk of the Town is an album by saxophonist Houston Person recorded in 1987 and released on the Muse label.
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer Scott Yanow noted "This Muse recording differs from many of tenor saxophonist Houston Person's previous ones in that Person is backed by a piano rather than an organ; he sounds inspired by the "new" setting. ... A particularly strong effort by the very consistent tenor great".

</doc>
<doc id="56593101" url="?curid=56593101" title="Retama raetam">
Retama raetam

Retama raetam is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, native to northern Africa from the Western Sahara to Sudan, Sicily, the Sinai Peninsula, the Palestine region and Saudi Arabia, and widely naturalized elsewhere.
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 1775 by Peter Forsskål as "Genista raetam". The epithet was derived from the Arabic name which Forsskål transcribed as "rætæm behâm". The species was transferred to "Retama" by Philip Barker-Webb and Sabin Berthelot in part of a publication that has been dated to 1842. The species that occurs in the Canary Islands is now considered to be "Retama rhodorhizoides", rather than "R. raetam", although the latter name has been used for Canary Island plants.

</doc>
<doc id="56593116" url="?curid=56593116" title="Felger &amp; Mazz">
Felger &amp; Mazz

Felger &amp; Massarotti (or Felger &amp; Mazz) is a Marconi Award-winning afternoon radio show hosted by Michael Felger and Tony Massarotti, airing from 2 to 6 pm in Boston, Massachusetts. The show first aired on August 13, 2009 with the launch of WBZ-FM's sports talk radio station, The Sports Hub on 98.5 FM. The show is known for its negative demeanor towards local sports teams, hot takes, and willingness to go after local teams and players.
The show's negativity towards local teams led to a famous bashing of the Boston Red Sox following the departure of two-time World Series champion manager Terry Francona, which resulted in Red Sox principal owner John W. Henry barging into the show in an attempt to defend his team. The show's negativity and bravado have also resulted in several controversies, most notable among them when Felger mocked the deaths of Roy Halladay and Dale Earnhardt. For all the show's negativity, however, it has also been associated with several Boston charities including Cuts for a Cause and Christmas in the City.
The radio show features a simulcast television show that airs on NBC Sports Boston. The simulcast debuted on November 14, 2011 on Comcast SportsNet New England, which was later renamed NBC Sports Boston. Originally owned by CBS Sports Radio, The Sports Hub was sold to Beasley Broadcast Group in November 2017. "Felger &amp; Mazz" has been a dominant broadcast since its debut in 2009, and has held the top spot for afternoon programming in the Nielsen ratings with the coveted "men aged 25–54" market since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56593128" url="?curid=56593128" title="UCLA Housing">
UCLA Housing


</doc>
<doc id="56593132" url="?curid=56593132" title="Zufayri">
Zufayri


</doc>
<doc id="56593136" url="?curid=56593136" title="Patricia Shevlin">
Patricia Shevlin

Patricia Shevlin (born August 24, 1949) was the executive producer of "CBS Evening News" from May 2011 until April 2014 when she moved to CBS's "60 Minutes". Before her tenure at "Evening News" she worked as the executive producer on the weekend edition of the program from 2000. She started at CBS in 1973. Along with colleague Miles Doran, Shevlin produced "Voices of the Lost", the story of the disappearance of cargo ship "El Faro", including recovered audio from the ship's last 26 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="56593137" url="?curid=56593137" title="Nicholas Ingolia">
Nicholas Ingolia

Nicholas Thomas Ingolia (born February 5, 1979) is an American molecular biologist and assistant professor at University of California, Berkeley. He is most known for the development of the method of ribosome profiling. He has also studied the evolution of heat-sensing nerves in vampire bats and the encoding of small peptides by brief open reading frames. Ingolia is a 2011 Searle Scholar and serves on a peer-review committee for the American Cancer Society.

</doc>
<doc id="56593159" url="?curid=56593159" title="British astronaut">
British astronaut


</doc>
<doc id="56593166" url="?curid=56593166" title="Haanja Heights">
Haanja Heights


</doc>
<doc id="56593168" url="?curid=56593168" title="HanAssholeSolo">
HanAssholeSolo


</doc>
<doc id="56593173" url="?curid=56593173" title="Lost Without You (2017 song)">
Lost Without You (2017 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56593174" url="?curid=56593174" title="Hasbullah">
Hasbullah


</doc>
<doc id="56593177" url="?curid=56593177" title="Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque, Mentiri">
Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque, Mentiri

Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque () is a mosque in Mentiri, a settlement area in Brunei-Muara District of Brunei.
History.
The construction of the mosque began on 2 May 2017 with the foundation laying ceremony held three days later. It was built by the command of Hassanal Bolkiah, the Sultan of Brunei, to replace the previous mosque, the Kampong Mentiri National Housing Scheme Mosque, which was destroyed in a fire on the 5th of the previous month. The construction was completed in just 49 days. It was officially opened by the Sultan on 23 June 2017, held after the inaugural Friday prayers at the mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="56593181" url="?curid=56593181" title="1959 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1959 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1959 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 25th edition of the women's singles championship.
Kimiyo Matsuzaki defeated Fujie Eguchi in the final by three sets to one, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56593188" url="?curid=56593188" title="Goli Soda 2">
Goli Soda 2

Goli Soda 2 is a 2018 Indian Tamil language action drama film written and directed by Vijay Milton. Sequel to 2015 film "Goli Soda", the film features Samuthirakani, Gautham Menon, Barath Seeni, Vinoth, Esakki Barath in lead roles, with Subiksha, Krisha Kurup, Rakshitha, Chemban Vinod Jose, Saravana Subbiah and Stun Siva playing supporting roles. The film received mixed to positive reviews
Reception.
Behindwoods rated the film 2.5 out of 5 and stated, "Though refreshing, this Goli Soda could have been lip-smacking if not for a few forced moments". Indiaglitz gave 2.75 out of 5 and stated, "Vijay Milton has photographed, written and directed the film keeping it engaging and entertaining in most parts. Where he has let himself down compared to the original gem is taking too many cinematic liberties in this one". M. Suganth of "The Times of India" gave 3 out of 5 and wrote, "Despite a riveting first half, Goli Soda 2 falls short when compared to the first film". Ashameera Aiyappan of "The Indian Express" gave 2 out of 5 and said, "Post interval, the movie moves in a predictable manner with forced hard to believe over-the-top action sequences" . Anupama Subramanian of "Deccan Chronicle" gave 2.5 out of 5 and said, "Post interval, the movie moves in a predictable manner with forced hard to believe over-the-top action sequences" and concluded, "the fizz which was intact in the first part is somewhat missing in Goli Soda 2".

</doc>
<doc id="56593192" url="?curid=56593192" title="Raymond Papa">
Raymond Papa

Raymond Anthony Papa (born 14 October 1976) is a Filipino swimmer who has competed for the Philippines at the Summer Olympic Games.
Swimming career.
Papa represented the Philippines in various international competitions including the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima, 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, 1997 World University Games in Sicily, 1995 Pan Pacific Games in Atlanta, 1991 SouthEast Asian Games in Manila, 1993 SouthEast Asian Games in Singapore, 1995 SouthEast Asian Games in Chiang Mai, 1997 SouthEast Asian Games in Jakarta.
Olympic Games.
At the Summer Olympics in the 1996 edition which was hosted in Atlanta, Papa competed in the 200 meter freestyle, 100 meter backstroke, and the 200 meter backstroke events. In the 200 meter backstroke, he finished sixth in the third heat by clocking 2:05.69 and finished 25th overall in the heats. In the 100 meter backstroke, he finished second in the third heat by clocking 57.67. He trained with the University of Michigan swim team under Jon Urbanchek while preparing for the 1996 Olympics.
Papa made his Olympic debut at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona while training with the Trojan Swim Club in Los Angeles, CA. In the 200 meter backstroke, Papa was disqualified after he had a problem in his preparation. He jumped into the swimming pool before the start of the heat but his googles fell underwater. He struggled getting his googles back and when he went back to his starting mark he was disqualified by the referee for "deliberate delay". Protests from the crowd further delayed the start of the heat by a minute. He also competed at the 100 meter backstroke and the 4 x 100 meter medley relay. In the 100 meter backstroke, Papa had a fourth-place finish in the second heat by clocking 59.88 but failed to advance to the final round after finishing 43rd overall in the heats. In the latter event, he along with set a national record in the 4 x 100 meter medley relay by clocking 3:53.64 in the third heat for an overall 18th finish in the heats.
Other.
Papa still holds the Philippines record for the 200 meter backstroke event with the time of 2:00.96 which he set at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games. It was also the SEA games record for the event which remained unbroken until 2015 when Singapore's Quah Zheng Wen broke it by clocking 2:00.55.
Papa held the Philippine record for the 100 backstroke from 1997 to 2019. Jerard Jacinto broke the 22-year-old record.
At the 2014 Masters World Championships, he won 3 golds for the 50 meter backstroke, 100 meter backstroke, and 200 meter backstroke.
In the 1998 Asian Games, he won 2 bronze medals for the 100 meter backstroke and 200 meter backstroke.
In 1997 he was ranked 16th in the world for his 2:00.96 in the 200 meter backstroke, a gold in the SouthEast Asian Games.
Personal life.
Raymond Papa graduated from University of Michigan with a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science. For High school, he graduated in 1994 from the Mercersburg Academy

</doc>
<doc id="56593196" url="?curid=56593196" title="1962 Primera División de Chile">
1962 Primera División de Chile

The 1962 Campeonato Nacional de Fútbol Profesional, was the 30th season of top-flight football in Chile. Universidad de Chile won their third title following a 5–3 win against Universidad Católica in the championship play-off on 16 March 1963, also qualifying to the 1963 Copa de Campeones.

</doc>
<doc id="56593200" url="?curid=56593200" title="Kunaal Vermaa">
Kunaal Vermaa

Kunaal Vermaa is an Indian lyricist and poet from Sri Madhopur , Sikar , Rajasthan, India. He is known for writing songs including "Tum Hi Aana" and "Chale Aana."

</doc>
<doc id="56593204" url="?curid=56593204" title="Cyrus II of Persia">
Cyrus II of Persia


</doc>
<doc id="56593205" url="?curid=56593205" title="D–Lyrical">
D–Lyrical


</doc>
<doc id="56593206" url="?curid=56593206" title="Kid Villain">
Kid Villain


</doc>
<doc id="56593208" url="?curid=56593208" title="Claude Rodriguez">
Claude Rodriguez


</doc>
<doc id="56593209" url="?curid=56593209" title="Matthew Peet">
Matthew Peet


</doc>
<doc id="56593216" url="?curid=56593216" title="Thomas Rock (musician)">
Thomas Rock (musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56593218" url="?curid=56593218" title="DJ Murda One">
DJ Murda One


</doc>
<doc id="56593219" url="?curid=56593219" title="AGS Airport">
AGS Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56593221" url="?curid=56593221" title="CTG Airport">
CTG Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56593236" url="?curid=56593236" title="South African presidential election 2018">
South African presidential election 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56593238" url="?curid=56593238" title="LFT Airport">
LFT Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56593243" url="?curid=56593243" title="Humari Adhuri Kahani">
Humari Adhuri Kahani


</doc>
<doc id="56593247" url="?curid=56593247" title="Jake McElfresh">
Jake McElfresh


</doc>
<doc id="56593249" url="?curid=56593249" title="Brady Daniell-Smith">
Brady Daniell-Smith


</doc>
<doc id="56593252" url="?curid=56593252" title="Anthony West (musician)">
Anthony West (musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56593253" url="?curid=56593253" title="Josephine Vander Gucht">
Josephine Vander Gucht


</doc>
<doc id="56593260" url="?curid=56593260" title="Kirsten Alnæs">
Kirsten Alnæs

Kirsten Alnæs (also known as Kirsten Alnaes, born 1927) is a Norwegian social anthropologist.
During her academic years she spent several years living among the Konzo in Uganda, and wrote her PhD thesis about the Konzolian cosmology.&lt;br&gt;She also did fieldwork in Botswana. For many years she was affiliated with the Department of Anthropology at University College London.
Alnaes got awarded a prize for her children's book "Pio" (1978). &lt;br&gt;The book has later been translated into both Danish and Swedish.
She was married to the anthropologist Axel Sommerfelt, not to be confused with the Norwegian politician with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="56593265" url="?curid=56593265" title="Kari Lehtola">
Kari Lehtola

Kari Sulevi Lehtola (18 November 1938 – 1 September 2019) was a Finnish lawyer, who became known as a major accident investigator and head of the Finnish Safety Investigation Authority.
Career.
Lehtola was born in Helsinki. At the beginning of his career, he worked for six years as the police chief at Kälviä, from where he was transferred to the Ministry of Justice in 1973. Lehtola was in key position in drafting the Criminal Investigation Act (Act nr. 805/2011) and the Coercive Measures Act (806/2011).
In the mid-1980s, Lehtola was appointed chair of the planning committee of the Ministry for Major Accident Investigation. For the general public, he became known as the head of the Estonian Accident Investigation Board. The Accident Investigation Board was established in 1996 and Lehtola became its first leader. He retired in 2001.
Lehtola served as President of the Council for Mass Media in 1996–1999. His other positions of trust included membership of the City Council of Helsinki. Lehtola started as a city councilor in 2001 and resigned from the council in 2008 after moving to Karjalohja. He was part of the Social Democratic Party's ruling group. Lehtola was also a SDP candidate for parliamentary elections in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56593278" url="?curid=56593278" title="Kari Lehtola (onnettomuustutkija)">
Kari Lehtola (onnettomuustutkija)


</doc>
<doc id="56593283" url="?curid=56593283" title="Toni Comín">
Toni Comín


</doc>
<doc id="56593287" url="?curid=56593287" title="Nuclear engineering computer codes">
Nuclear engineering computer codes


</doc>
<doc id="56593288" url="?curid=56593288" title="Anushka Shahaney">
Anushka Shahaney

Anushka Shahaney (Anushqa) is an Indian singer and songwriter who has written and sung "Lost Without You" (written also) and "Stay a Little Longer with Me" in the film Half Girlfriend, both of the songs were picturised on Shraddha Kapoor and gained popularity. in Half Girlfriend (2017).
Early life.
Anushka Shahaney is trained in Western classical music from Trinity College, London and is training in Indian classical singing. 
Career.
Shahaney hails from Mumbai. She participated in the first season of the show ‘The Stage’ and made it to the final. She received praises by the panel of judges. Later, she was given a chance by director Mohit Suri for his film Half Girlfriend. Both the songs ‘Stay A Little Longer’ and ‘Lost Without You’ from ‘Half Girlfriend’ have done very well. Mohit Suri praised her quoting, "I look forward to work with her again soon. She's constantly evolving as an artist and I think she has a very promising career ahead of her".

</doc>
<doc id="56593291" url="?curid=56593291" title="Prince Faisal bin Fahd League">
Prince Faisal bin Fahd League


</doc>
<doc id="56593293" url="?curid=56593293" title="USNS Newport (T-EPF-12)">
USNS Newport (T-EPF-12)

USNS "Newport" (T-EPF-12) is the twelfth and is operated by the Military Sealift Command. It is the fourth ship in naval service named after Newport, Rhode Island.
On 20 February 2020, USNS "Newport" was launched at Austal USA in Mobile, Alabama. The "Newport" completed sea trials on 30 July 2020 and its delivery was accepted by the U.S. Navy on 2 September 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56593294" url="?curid=56593294" title="1961 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1961 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1961 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 26th edition of the women's singles championship.
Chiu Chung-Hui defeated Éva Kóczián in the final by three sets to two, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56593303" url="?curid=56593303" title="Rosappu Ravikkaikkari">
Rosappu Ravikkaikkari


</doc>
<doc id="56593304" url="?curid=56593304" title="Engines of creation">
Engines of creation


</doc>
<doc id="56593306" url="?curid=56593306" title="College Avenue Campus">
College Avenue Campus

 
College Avenue is the oldest campus of Rutgers University – New Brunswick, in New Brunswick, New Jersey, U.S. It includes the historic seat of the university, known as Old Queens. Many classes are taught in the Voorhees Mall area, also home to the Zimmerli Art Museum. The grounds of the New Brunswick Theological Seminary are within the campus area, which is within walking distance of shops, restaurants, and theaters in downtown New Brunswick. It is served by Rutgers Campus Buses, a zero-fare bus network.
Other campuses at Rutgers–New Brunswick include the Busch Campus, the Livingston Campus and the Cook-Douglass Campus.
Old Queens.
The historic heart of College Avenue Campus takes its name from Queen's College, which was the original name of Rutgers.
Gateway.
The Gateway is a mixed-use tower at the beginning of College Avenue adjacent with a direct link the Northeast Corridor Line New Brunswick Station. It houses a three-story Barnes &amp; Noble store the headquarters of Rutgers University Press and Scarlet Fever shop.
The Yard.
The Yard, designed by Elkus/Manfredi Architects, was built in 2016 to service as central meeting point, or "living room" or "front yard" of the College Avenue Campus.
River Halls.
River Halls, known as the River Dorms, are a trio of three residential/classroom buildings. Constructed in the International Style and opened in 1956, they are so called due to their excellent views of the Raritan River. The three buildings, named Campbell, Frelinghuysen and Hardenbergh, are tall and are 7 stories high. The buildings were built so as to be raised above street level with open air underneath to preserve sight lines between George Street and the Raritan River. But the open space was largely unused and the interior of the buildings did not have any significant space for study, lounging, or student programming, which led to renovation project in 2014. Hardenbergh Hall was originally designed as the "medical" dorm for Rutgers students who suffered from physical maladies such as asthma, and as such is one of the few dorms on the College Avenue Campus which is air conditioned. It is named after Jacob Rutsen Hardenbergh, who had been the first president of Rutgers College from 1785 to 1790, when it was still called "Queen's College".
Honors College.
A complex for freshman opened in 2015.
Demarest Hall.
Demarest Hall was built during 1950 and 1951, and was named after Reverend William Henry Steele Demarest, President of Rutgers from 1905 to 1924. It has a cupola with a weather vane, hence the unofficial Demarest motto, "We've got a big gold cock." It is the only Rutgers residence hall completely dedicated to Special Interest Housing.
Demarest originally housed only freshmen, but older students protested. Demarest became the football players' dorm (until the mid-1960s) with sets of football player andirons in the two Main Lounge fireplaces indicating this status. One set of the football player andirons remain, though apparently the other set was stolen between 1993 and 2004. Rumors persist, and have been partly confirmed that the stolen set of football players is now at the Rutger's Club dining establishment.
In the mid-1960s, Demarest began housing Honors students. These students formed special interest sections as a way to learn from each other in informal discussion, as a relaxed, more in-depth alternative to the standard classroom lecture. Some sections were created in conjunction with academic departments, such as French, the first special-interest section, created in 1966. Some early Demarest sections included Arts and Crafts, Women's Studies, Puerto Rican Studies, and Natural History.
In the late 1970s, Demarest became an official special-interest hall, with funding from the Office of the Dean of Students; this funding was later assumed by the Bishop House Office of Residence Life, which was founded in 1980. Students ran the sections autonomously until the first time Rutgers College overbooked itself into a housing shortage and decided to implement the lottery system. Demarites had, up until then, been able to freely return to their sections year after year, but now it seemed that living in Demarest the next year would depend solely on the best lottery numbers, rather than their desire to remain active in the Demarest community. The residents of Demarest made a deal. They would accept limited supervision from the Office of Residence Life and implement certain requirements for living in the dorm, such as required individual projects, while still reserving the major decisions, such as the establishment of sections, for Demarest residents. In return, they would receive guaranteed housing in Demarest and the right to control section membership.
The autonomy did not last. In 1987, Residence Life imposed an unprecedented degree of supervision and administrative procedures on the special interest structure. Among the changes were the enumeration of membership criteria, the reformulation of most sections along strong academic lines (Arts and Crafts, for example, became Visual Arts), and the appointment of a faculty advisor for each section. The sections were segregated, their members forced to live together in contiguous blocks of rooms. Sections were required to answer directly to Bishop House. Residence Life never directly informed Demarites of the new rules; they had to find out about them by reading an ad in "The Daily Targum". Berni Calkins, the then-Assistant Coordinator of Residence Life, who was primarily responsible for this low point in Demarest/Bishop House diplomacy, refused to cooperate with Demarest residents or even believe that some residents had rights under the Constitution, despite repeated invitations for her to attend a Hall Government meeting to discuss the issues.
In 1989, a new Demarest populace and a mostly-new Residence Life staff, including the inimitable Anna-Marie Toto, began a less bitter relationship, including SIC, the Section Issues Committee. SIC was formed to give Demarest residents a better opportunity to tell Residence Life their concerns about section-related issues. SIC was composed of the Residence Counselor, all the section leaders, and two additional representatives from each section who had lived in Demarest for at least a year. SIC was responsible for reviewing section program proposals, drawing up section budgets, reviewing section applications (for entire sections, new and continuing), and determining the criteria and procedures for section member applications. The sections were desegregated, wounds healed, and people actually started working together.
The cooperative spirit seemed to have evaporated with Anna-Marie Toto's departure from Bishop House: Residence Life retained control over the sections, but did not fulfill its part of the original bargain. However, Dean Calkins left to be a full-time mother, and Demarest has since undergone a renaissance—including the appointment of an official Demarest Historian position in Hall Government. New policies were enacted in the Fall 2009 Semester to create an environment where only Demarites who are actively contributing and participating in the various sections and events will be allowed to return. This new policy while already currently in effect, will be changed slightly so that Room-Selection will occur prior to the distribution of Lottery Numbers. This change reflects a new direction for Demarest where some members who would return to the dorm only did so due to a poor lottery number. The new policy actively seeks to remove these denizens who use Demarest as back-up housing in case they get a high lottery number.
In 2011, Demarest became be one of three residence halls at Rutgers-New Brunswick to test a new program of co-ed living environments. Students of any gender who wish to share a room with a roommate of the opposite gender could do so under this gender-neutral housing program, provided both parties select this housing option together. The bathrooms on the second floor are gender-neutral, and require a swipe of a Rutgers ID card to enter. For many years, all of the building's bathrooms were unofficially co-ed. Freshmen do not live on the 2nd floor. Most freshmen live on the first floor, although there are a handful on the third.
Famous former residents.
The worldwide community of those who have ever lived in Demarest Hall is known as "Demarest-in-Exile."

</doc>
<doc id="56593319" url="?curid=56593319" title="Brian Howard (Gaelic footballer)">
Brian Howard (Gaelic footballer)

Brian Howard (born 1997) is a Gaelic footballer who plays for the Raheny club and for the Dublin county team.
Playing career.
2018 was the breakthrough year for Brian Howard as a senior footballer with Dublin. The Raheny clubman won an All-Star at midfield with fellow Raheny player Brian Fenton for his performances with Dublin throughout the year. He won the Leinster Senior Football Championship with Dublin against Laois at Croke Park and scored one point in Dublin's comfortable victory. 

</doc>
<doc id="56593321" url="?curid=56593321" title="Jahmar Thorpe">
Jahmar Thorpe

Jahmar Thorpe (born September 2, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Kanazawa Samuraiz in Japan.
Born in Morristown, New Jersey, Thorpe played basketball at Morristown High School.
Thorpe joined Kawasaki Brave Thunders in 2020 and averaged 1.7 points, 2.5 rebounds and 1.0 assist per game. He signed with the Saga Ballooners on September 29, 2020. In 2021, he played for Alvark Tokyo and averaged 4.9 points and 3.0 rebounds per game. On September 6, 2021, Thorpe signed with the Kanazawa Samuraiz.

</doc>
<doc id="56593327" url="?curid=56593327" title="2017–18 Prince Faisal bin Fahd League">
2017–18 Prince Faisal bin Fahd League


</doc>
<doc id="56593331" url="?curid=56593331" title="Evan Comerford (Dublin footballer)">
Evan Comerford (Dublin footballer)

Evan Comerford (born 1998) is a Gaelic footballer who plays for the Ballymun Kickhams club and at senior level for the Dublin county team.
He is not to be mistaken for the Tipperary footballer Evan Comerford (though their own mothers have been known to confuse them).Tipp Mammy once had to return a birthday card that Dublin Mammy sent to her son. Oh how they laughed.

</doc>
<doc id="56593332" url="?curid=56593332" title="Smedley (criminal)">
Smedley (criminal)


</doc>
<doc id="56593335" url="?curid=56593335" title="Handling course">
Handling course

The handling course is a section of vehicle industry proving grounds which provides the possibility to examine vehicle behaviour, vehicle manoeuvrability, and technical settings under controlled no-traffic circumstances. This track, which typically forms a loop, is often compared to smaller racecourses; it is, however strictly designed for testing. The layout of its environment imitates motorway circumstances.
Structure.
In most cases handling courses consist of two parts: low and high speed courses, both enable the same types of tests, only at differing speeds. Handling courses may also be categorised either as wet or dry courses according to the availability of the option for track wetting.
The alternative routes of the handling courses provide diverse track options for the tests. As the course sections have varying radius of curvature, handling courses are suitable for testing all vehicles types. Several types of specially paved shorter sections may also belong to handling courses depending on the given proving ground. These may be curved, straight or even wavy asphalt track sections, furthermore straight or curving sections with varying sideway slopes. Occasionally even degraded surfaces requiring maintenance are built deliberately in order to increase the number of options; furthermore sections suitable for conducting aquaplaning tests may also be inserted. The option of wetting of the latter sections is usually provided by using nozzles. The safety of testing is ensured b the crash spaces designed around the curves.
Goal and utilization.
Vehicle behaviour or manoeuvrability refers to the testing of the connection between steering and the running gear, the different assistance appliances (ESP, ABS, ASR), and other systems influencing the dynamics of vehicles. As testing options are unlimited, handling courses are suitable for all situations related to the dynamics of modern vehicles.
Handling courses of existing proving grounds.
Currently most proving grounds in Europe feature handling courses. The most well-known examples are the Boxberg Proving Ground constructed by Bosch (Germany) and the Vaitoudden Winter Test Centre in Sweden. A test track featuring a handling course is currently under construction in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary as well.
Boxberg Proving Ground, Germany, Boxberg.
The handling course at the Boxberg Proving Ground consists of two parts. One part is designed for higher speeds suitable for testing all vehicles types thanks to its radius of curvature varying between 48 m and 101 m. The other part is designed with radius of curvature varying between 15 m and 115 m, and has inclinations which increase its difficulty. Several sections of this part are wettable, and it also has a circular surface for drifting. It is not suitable for testing heavy-duty vehicles and buses, but it has a track unit imitating a mountain tunnel, which is suitable for simulating windy circumstances.
Vaitoudden Winter Test Centre, Sweden.
The handling course at the Vaitoudden Winter Test Centre may be divided into two parts, one with snowy surface, the other with frozen. The total length of the snowy surface is 2470 m, its width is approx. 5 m, it contains 13 curves, and due to the snow its grip is medium (μ &lt;0,3). The frozen surface is also divided into two sections. The total length of the first section is approx. 1850 m, its width is approx. 5 m, it contains 8 curves, and the grip of the ice is medium (μ &lt;0,3). The second section is approx. 3000 m long and has the same width as the first section, it contains 30 curves and its grip is also the same as that of the first.
ATP Automotive Testing Papenburg GmbH, Germany.
The handling course at the Papenburg Test Centre is a small scale replica of the racecourse at Hockenheim with a length of 2.6 km and a width of 10 m, and may be divided into two independent units.
Zala ZONE Vehicle Industry Test Track, Zalaegerszeg, Hungary.
The handling course will be a basic component of the test track currently under construction near Zalaegerszeg. The external handling course designed for high speeds will have a total length of 2032 m and a width of 12 m. Its straight sections and curve radius enable reaching a speed of 120 km/h. The 1334 m long and 6 m wide internal handling course will be designed for the same tests at lower speeds of maximum 60 km/h.
Furthermore the handling course will contain several specially paved section inserts, such as pothole and eroded sections, basalt pavement, straight, curved and wavy pavements, hilly road sections and a section with a 5% sideway slope. A basalt pavement disc will also be built suitable for testing drifting and skidding, as well as a section insert which enables the simulation of sliding on a wet road.

</doc>
<doc id="56593340" url="?curid=56593340" title="2017–18 Prince Mohammed bin Salman League">
2017–18 Prince Mohammed bin Salman League


</doc>
<doc id="56593342" url="?curid=56593342" title="Insomniac Events">
Insomniac Events


</doc>
<doc id="56593350" url="?curid=56593350" title="Insomniac (magazine)">
Insomniac (magazine)


</doc>
<doc id="56593351" url="?curid=56593351" title="Insomniac.com">
Insomniac.com


</doc>
<doc id="56593357" url="?curid=56593357" title="Red Axes">
Red Axes

Red Axes is an Israeli electronic and indie music duo formed in 2010 by Dori Sadovnik and Niv Arzi. Based in Tel Aviv, the duo's eclectic sound range is influenced by many genres, including disco, house, garage rock, post punk, psychedelic rock and techno.
History.
Arzi and Sadovnik met and began writing songs together when they were 14. Three years later, they formed Red Cotton, a four-member psychedelic rock band that included Udi Naor and Yovav, Arzi's brother.
The year after releasing their debut album, 2006's "memory card", the band made plans to go to London but only managed to reach Amsterdam. After four months the Red Cotton band broke up, with Arzi and Sadovnik electing to remain in Amsterdam, and tour Europe, broadening their musical experience and repertoire. After spending some time living in Amsterdam and touring Europe, the two Dj/Producers with Naor as the head producer started a rave party brand in Tel Aviv called "Break It!". The first Red Axes EP was released in 2010. During the following years, Red Axes went on to release on a variety of labels including Crosstown Rebels, Hivern Discs, Permanent Vacation, Correspondent, Life and Death, Dark Entries, Multi Culti, and I'm a Cliche.
Red Axes' first full-length album, "Ballad of the Ice", appeared under the I'm a Cliché label in 2014. The vocal- and guitar-heavy album included additional collaborations with Abrão as well as a cover of Bauhaus '"Bela Lugosi's Dead." Following the release of the Ballad of Ice" album, the duo initiated a worldwide tour, gaining international recognition both on the dance floors and in the music charts worldwide.
In 2016, the duo launched their own record label named Garzen Records, releasing records such as: The White Screen, Abrao, Deaf Chonky, The Crotches, Siam and their own latest album "The Beach Goths". Beach Goths was produced in their studio in collaboration with the extended Garzen family – Abrão, Eylonzo Crotch, Gabriel Broid, Adi Bronicki, Thomas Jacksonn &amp; Iñigo Vontier were all featured in the 12 track album with the stated intention of creating a "new psychedelic cosmic adventure" for fans. The end result has been described as "innovative in the simplicity with which it talks to the soul of the listener as well as in the assortment of music references that every single track contains. "The Beach Goths" consists of 12 tracks that can be viewed as paths; none of them is restricted to a specific interpretation though, what is clearly defined is the element that brings them together – an invitation to approach music in the most natural way, in the awareness that every listening experience conceals a purely and exclusively subjective interpretation."
Over 2016, they went on to produce "Kill The DJ", characterized by dark, new wave flavors, and had two releases on Multi Culti (including remixes of 'Waiting for a Surprise'). They issued three collaborations with Moscoman: ‘Dikembe Manutu’, amore Middle Eastern-flavored ‘Subaru Pesha’ and a remix of ‘Fernandez’, characterized by its unexpected tangents and a trippy EP for Endless Flight. It was their ‘Sun My Sweet Sun’ that "perhaps drew most attention with its bells, chimes and simple but highly memorable flute melody".
In 2016 they established their own festival, called: “Garzen Festival" and curated party nights around the world. Red Axes have various performing acts either as Dj's, live electronic duo, or as a Live band called "Red Axes 4".
International appearance venuses of Red Axes have included: Sonar, Burning Man, Coachella, Berghein/Panorama Bar, Glastonbury, Dekmantel, DGTL, Field Day, Pacha Ibiza, Fusion, Nachtdigital, FYF, Convenanza, ADE, Beats in space
In 2016, the duo initiated the "Red Axes around the world" project in Africa, in which they travel to remote locations, performing recordings and workshops with local musicians and students. These activities are being compiled into a serial documentary, the first episode having been filmed in Ethiopia and the Ivory Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="56593363" url="?curid=56593363" title="Albert Fox (poacher)">
Albert Fox (poacher)


</doc>
<doc id="56593366" url="?curid=56593366" title="Ebenezer Fox (poacher)">
Ebenezer Fox (poacher)


</doc>
<doc id="56593368" url="?curid=56593368" title="Cordobese Union">
Cordobese Union

Cordobese Union (, UCOR) is a localist political party in Córdoba created by Rafael Gómez Sánchez ahead of the 2011 local elections.
History.
Rafael Gómez (better known as "Sandokán") first made public his intention to create a political party for the municipal elections of 2011 in December 2010. Cordobese Union won 24,805 votes and became the second political force in the city (the People's Party was the most voted one), gaining 5 seats in the City Council.
In the local elections of 2015 UCOR lost around 15,000 votes and 4 seats. Rafael Gómez resigned from the City Council. He was replaced by Rafael Carlos Serrano Haro, his nephew. Rafael Gómez currently faces a trial for 11 crimes against the Public Treasury for which the Prosecutor's Office asks for 44 years in prison. In February 2017 he was condemned to 5 years in prison for one those crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="56593372" url="?curid=56593372" title="1981-82 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team">
1981-82 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56593374" url="?curid=56593374" title="D-Lyrical">
D-Lyrical


</doc>
<doc id="56593376" url="?curid=56593376" title="1959 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1959 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56593381" url="?curid=56593381" title="USS Nantucket (LCS-27)">
USS Nantucket (LCS-27)

USS "Nantucket" (LCS-27) will be a littoral combat ship of the United States Navy. She will be the third commissioned ship in naval service named after Nantucket.
Marinette Marine was awarded the contract to build the ship on 6 October 2017.
The ship was christened on 7 August 2021 and launched into the Menominee River.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56593387" url="?curid=56593387" title="Ida Malosi">
Ida Malosi

Ida Malosi is a lawyer and judge from New Zealand. She is the country's first woman Pacific Island judge.
Early life.
Malosi was raised in Bluff and Invercargill in the South Island of New Zealand. Malosi's parents were immigrants from Samoa; her father, Tusi, worked on wharves and her mother, Jane, was a hospital cleaner.
Education.
Malosi earned a Bachelor of laws degree and a Bachelor of Arts in History from Victoria University of Wellington.
Career.
In 1994, together with La-Verne King and Aliʻimuamua Sandra Alofivae, Malosi founded a law firm in South Auckland, a partnership of three Maori and Pacific Island women lawyers. In 2000 the law firm received the Auckland District Law Society’s EEO ‘Most Innovative’ award.
In 2002, Malosi was appointed to the Family Court. Since then, she has worked to implement culturally appropriate responses to youth offending, working with Māori Youth Court colleagues on establishing Rangatahi Courts and using this as a model for similar Pasifika Courts. In 2015, the Australasian Institute of Judicial Administration awarded the Rangatahi and Pasifika Courts its Award for Excellence in Judicial Administration.
From May 2013 to July 2014 Malosi served as Samoa's first Samoan female Supreme Court Judge. During her time in Samoa she established the Family Court and the Family Violence Court. She also began the work to found the Alcohol and Other Drug Treatment Court.
In 2017 Malosi was awarded Victoria University's Distinguished Alumni Award.

</doc>
<doc id="56593390" url="?curid=56593390" title="Scottish Templars">
Scottish Templars


</doc>
<doc id="56593396" url="?curid=56593396" title="DR Congo at the 1968 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 1968 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593398" url="?curid=56593398" title="4th Light Cruiser Squadron">
4th Light Cruiser Squadron

The 4th Light Cruiser Squadron was a naval formation of Light cruisers of the Royal Navy from 1915 to 1919. 
History.
World War One.
Formed on 15 May 1915 it was then assigned to the Grand Fleet in August 1915 and remained attached the fleet until November 1918. 
At the Battle of Jutland, the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron consisted of four C-Class cruisers HMS Calliope, Constance, Caroline and Comus plus the Arethusa class cruiser HMS Royalist. At Jutland, HMS Calliope flew the broad pennant as Commodore Le Mesurier's flagship. The 4th Light Cruiser Squadron was initially deployed as an anti-submarine screen directly ahead of the main British battle fleet, with HMS Calliope in the lead followed, in order, by Constance, Comus, Royalist and Caroline. Shortly after 8:05p.m. 31 May, the First Division of the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron (Calliope, Constance and Comus), engaged with German destroyers and then sighted the main German battle fleet at which Calliope launched a torpedo before retiring under heavy German fire. 
Interwar.
In 1919 the squadron was assigned to the East Indies Station.
Commodores/Rear-Admirals commanding.
Post holders included:
References.
Footnotes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="56593411" url="?curid=56593411" title="Paweł (Bishop of Poznań)">
Paweł (Bishop of Poznań)

Paweł, was a bishop of Poznań from the 12th century.
He is known from the Chronicle of Gallus Anonymus. Gall Anonim dedicated his first and second part of this chronicle, which means that he certainly held his office around 1112/1113. The date of his taking up the diocese and the date of death remain unknown. However, if we assume that Gall in the dedication of his first book mentioned four Polish bishops in the order of seniority counted from consecration, then Paul had to become a bishop before 1110. Perhaps he became a bishop as a result of Gwalon's legacy in 1103, for it is known that Gwalon has filed two Polish bishops from office.

</doc>
<doc id="56593423" url="?curid=56593423" title="United Nations Peacekeepers Medal">
United Nations Peacekeepers Medal


</doc>
<doc id="56593428" url="?curid=56593428" title="Massachusetts/Dedham">
Massachusetts/Dedham


</doc>
<doc id="56593431" url="?curid=56593431" title="Half Girlfriend (disambiguation)">
Half Girlfriend (disambiguation)

"Half Girlfriend" is a 2014 Hindi novel by Chetan Bhagat.
Half Girlfriend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56593434" url="?curid=56593434" title="Bunty (disambiguation)">
Bunty (disambiguation)

Bunty was a British girls' comic.
Bunty may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56593437" url="?curid=56593437" title="Manuel II Mpanzu a Nimi">
Manuel II Mpanzu a Nimi


</doc>
<doc id="56593439" url="?curid=56593439" title="Mrokota">
Mrokota

Mrokota (died 1196) was bishop of Poznań. According to Stanisław Kozierowski, he came from the Leszczyc family.
Initially he was the chancellor of Casimir the Just (1189), but during the rebellion of the magnates against Kazimierz in 1191 he went to the side of Mieszko the Old. A bishop's nomination was probably a reward from Mieszko for this support. The date of this nomination is unknown (between 1193 and 1196). The only reliable source message about him as the Poznań bishop is the entry in the Cracow chapter of the capital, registering his death in 1196.

</doc>
<doc id="56593443" url="?curid=56593443" title="USS Savannah (LCS-28)">
USS Savannah (LCS-28)

USS "Savannah" (LCS-28) will be an of the United States Navy. She will be the sixth ship to be named Savannah.
Construction and career.
"Savannah" was built in Mobile, Alabama by Austal USA.
Austal delivered "Savannah" to the Navy, in Mobile on 28 June 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56593448" url="?curid=56593448" title="Commodore Commanding 4th Light Cruiser Squadron">
Commodore Commanding 4th Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56593452" url="?curid=56593452" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding 4th Light Cruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding 4th Light Cruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56593455" url="?curid=56593455" title="Half Girlfriend - Love Theme">
Half Girlfriend - Love Theme


</doc>
<doc id="56593459" url="?curid=56593459" title="Dog Town, Alabama">
Dog Town, Alabama


</doc>
<doc id="56593463" url="?curid=56593463" title="Dogtown, Alabama">
Dogtown, Alabama


</doc>
<doc id="56593469" url="?curid=56593469" title="Benedykt (Bishop of Poznan)">
Benedykt (Bishop of Poznan)

Benedykt (died 10 December 1193/95) was bishop of Poznań in the 12th century.
The exact period of his ministry is not known, his name appears in a private document from around 1192, and Pope Celestyna III's bulla from 9 April 1193. In the bull of this Celestine III, he approved, at Benedykt's request, the foundation of Prince Mieszko the Old and Bishop of Radwan (died 1172) to the Order of Saint John.
It is to him that the obituary memo given by Jan Długosz probably refers, registering on 10 December the death of the bishop of Poznan Benedict (Długosz referred her to an otherwise unknown bishop of that name who allegedly ruled the diocese of Poznań in 1037-1048). The year of death remains unknown, the years 1193 to 1195 come into play.

</doc>
<doc id="56593472" url="?curid=56593472" title="Alan Rhodes (rugby league, born in Bradford)">
Alan Rhodes (rugby league, born in Bradford)

Alan Rhodes is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s, and coached in the 1980s. He played at club level for Bradford Northern (two spells), and Huddersfield, as a goal-kicking , or , i.e. number 1, or, 3 or 4, and coached at club level for Bradford Northern (fitness and conditioning coach). Alan Rhodes is a keen golfer, and won the Halifax-Huddersfield Alliance's Geoff Cockin Trophy partnering former Halifax Town chairman Geoff Ralph.
Background.
Alan Rhodes was born in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Playing career.
Alan Rhodes played, and scored a try, and 2-goals in Huddersfield's 10-15 defeat by Wakefield Trinity in the 1968 Challenge Cup semi-final replay during the 1967–68 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Wednesday 3 April 1968, the first match having ended in a 0-0 draw at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 30 March 1968.
County Cup Final appearances.
Alan Rhodes played left-, i.e. number 4, in Bradford Northern's 17-8 victory over Hunslet in the 1965 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 16 October 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="56593476" url="?curid=56593476" title="Punjab National Bank Scam">
Punjab National Bank Scam

The Punjab National Bank Fraud Case relates to fraudulent letter of undertaking worth (US$1.4 billion) issued by the Punjab National Bank at its Brady House branch in Fort, Mumbai; making Punjab National Bank liable for the amount. The fraud was allegedly organized by jeweller and designer Nirav Modi. Nirav, his wife Ami Modi, brother Nishal Modi and uncle Mehul Choksi, all partners of the firms, M/s Diamond R US, M/s Solar Exports and M/s Stellar Diamonds; along with PNB officials and employees, and directors of Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi's firms have all been named in a chargesheet by the CBI. Nirav Modi and his family absconded in early 2018, days before the news of the scam broke in India.
India's Enforcement Directorate has begun attaching assets of the accused and is seeking to immediate confiscation under the Fugitive Economic Offenders Ordinance.
Modi is on the Interpol's wanted list for criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, cheating and dishonesty including delivery of property, corruption, money laundering since February 2018. In March 2019, Modi was arrested in central London by UK authorities.
The bank initially said that two of its employees at the branch were involved in the scam, as the bank's core banking system was bypassed when the corrupt employees issued LOUs to overseas branches of other Indian banks, including Allahabad Bank, Axis Bank, and Union Bank of India, using the international financial communication system, SWIFT. The transactions were noticed by a new employee of the bank. The bank then complained to the CBI, who is currently investigating the scam apart from ED and Reserve Bank of India. On a later date, CBI named key officials Usha Ananthasubramanian, former CEO of PNB, executive directors KV Brahmaji Rao and Sanjiv Sharan in a chargesheet holding them responsible for failure to implement several circular and caution notices issued by the RBI regarding the reconciliation of SWIFT messages and core banking systems.
Investigation.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) alleges associates of three firms - Diamond R US, M/s Solar Exports and M/s Stellar Diamonds- approached PNB on 16 January 2018, with a request for LoUs to make payment to its overseas suppliers. The bank demanded at least a 100 percent cash margin for issuing LoUs, but the firms contested that they had received LoUs without any such guarantee in the past. Branch records did not show any such facility having been granted to the firms, PNB suspected fraud and began digging into transaction history.
On 29 January 2018, PNB filed a complaint with the CBI, wherein it was alleged that Nirav, Ami Modi, Nishal Modi and Mehul Choksi, all partners of M/s Diamond R US, M/s Solar Exports and M/s Stellar Diamonds, in collusion with two bank officials committed the offence of cheating against PNB and caused a wrongful loss. The PNB official in his complaint informed the agency that at the Bank's branch office at Brady House in Fort, Mumbai, two of its employees, Gokulnath Shetty, retired Deputy Manager of PNB and another bank official, issued fraudulent LoUs to Hong Kong based creditors on behalf of three firms associated with Nirav Modi and the Gitanjali Group. “The public servants committed abuse of official position to cause pecuniary advantage to Diamonds R US, Solar Exports and Stellar Diamonds and wrongful loss of Rs 280.70 crore to PNB during 2017,” said the first information report (FIR) filed by CBI.
As of 18 May 2018, the scam has ballooned (US$2.1 billion) and Nirav Modi is said to be hiding in London, allegedly travelling on a fake passport.
On 13 June 2018, the CBI approached the Interpol to issue a red corner notice (RCN) against Nirav Modi's brother Nishal and one of his executives in connection with its probe into the Punjab National Bank (PNB) fraud. The CBI sent a request to the Interpol to issue a RCN against Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi of the Gitanjali Group.
On 20 August 2018, former MD and CEO of Allahabad Bank, Usha Ananthasubramanian was granted bail on a surety bond of Rs 1 lakhs by Special CBI court in Mumbai. A week earlier, the government had dismissed Usha on the last day of her work. Ananthasubramanian was MD of Punjab National Bank between August 2015 and May 2017 and had also served as its executive director. She was dismissed with immediate effect.
The CBI registered a disproportionate assets case against a retired deputy manager of Punjab National Bank, Gokulnath Shetty, a key accused, for allegedly amassing wealth 200 per cent more than his known sources of income.
Nirav Modi, who disappeared in February 2018, was in the British capital since June 2018. He was arrested in central London on 19 March 2019 after an Indian-origin clerk at a bank in central London recognized him and alerted the police. UK police arrested Modi, on behalf of the Indian authorities, who asked for his extradition. Modi appeared in court on 20 March 2019. In the same month, the UK court refused twice to grant him bail on the ground that he was a flight risk and could flee the country if given a chance. For the third time again, Modi was denied bail and to remain in prison till May 24, 2019. The court had also noted that Modi could tamper with evidence if left free. It has revealed in earlier hearings that Modi had threatened to kill a prime witness and bribe another to escape justice. In June 2019 Four Swiss bank accounts of Nirav Modi and his sister Purvi Mehta's had been "frozen" by authorities in Switzerland as part of the Scam, The total amount of Rs 283.16 crore has been frozen on the request of the Enforcement Directorate. After Swiss bank, a few days later, on 2 July 2019, the Singapore High Court ordered to freeze four bank accounts in the name of Modi, Purvi, and her husband, Mayank Mehta. These accounts have Rs 44 crore between them. Interpol has issued Red Corner Notice against both Purvi and Mayank. 
In August 2019, The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has moved an application in the special CBI court, seeking to declare fugitive businessman Nirav Modi, his brother Neeshal Modi and a close associate Subhash Parab proclaimed offenders and to attach their properties. All three declared 'wanted' by the CBI in its charge sheet in the Rs 13,700 crore PNB scam. Though the agency last year obtained warrants against them, they couldn't execute as the accused fled India before the case registered in February. 
Nirav Modi's legal team has made four bail applications, which have been rejected each time due to Modi deemed a flight risk. Modi, who is prisoned at Wandsworth prison in south-west London since March 2019 which extended till September 19 and later further remanded to judicial custody until October 17 by a UK court which said it was working towards his Five-day extradition trial hearing for May 11–15, 2020 and he must appear via video link before a court every 28 days. 
In September 2019, Antigua and Barbuda Prime Minister Gaston Browne said Fugitive diamantaire Mehul Choksi of the Gitanjali Group is a "crook" and repatriated to India after he exhausts all legal options. Mehul Choksi, who is currently in the Caribbean nation of Antigua, told the high court that he left India for medical treatment and not to avoid prosecution in the case. He said he would return to India as soon as he is medically fit to travel. 
In December 2019 - Nirav Modi, his step-brother Nehal Modi and two of their business associates tried to threaten witnesses and destroy evidence, said the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the additional charge sheet submitted before the CBI court in Mumbai. According to CBI's charge-sheet, the evidence came after nine of Nirav's employees submitted details to CBI of how Nirav and Nehal, along with associates, took them to Egypt against their will and coerced them into signing documents that would establish the nine as owners of dummy companies Nirav had floated. 
In March 2020, Enforcement Directorate (ED) auctioned 72 luxury items seized from Nirav Modi for Rs 2.29 crore. 
In May 2020, Based on the request from Indian agencies, Interpol had put Nehal Modi back again on the Red Corner Notice for assisting his step-brother Nirav Modi in defrauding the PNB months. Last year his name was removed from the Interpol website when Nehal Modi and Neeshal Modi had challenged the RCN. CBI reported, Nehal purportedly managed two companies for Nirav Modi, which received $50 million from dummy entities. After the scam got exposed, he took away diamonds worth $6 million, 3.5 million in UAE dirham, and 50 kg of gold. In Dubai, he destroyed digital evidence in the form of mobile phones and a server, and also threatened the key witnesses. 
On 8 June 2020, The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) Court has ordered a confiscated of nearly Rs 1,400 crores worth property of Nirav Modi.
In May 2020, the UK court adjourned the Nirav Modi trial until September 2020, on the Five-day extradition trial hearing. Modi has applied for political asylum after his bail was denied five times in the UK.
In July 2020, Enforcement Directorate (ED) has filed a charge sheet against Mehul Choksi alleging how he ran an organized racket to cheat customers and lenders in India, Dubai and the United States.
Reforms.
On 1 March 2018, the government approved the Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill to deter economic offenders from evading the process of Indian law by giving powers to the government to confiscate assets of a fugitive, including Benami assets of absconding loan defaulters. The bill covers a wide range of economic offenders which include: loan defaulters, fraudsters, individuals who violate laws governing taxes, black money, Benaim properties, financial sector, and corruption. On 12 March 2018, the government introduced the bill in the Lok Sabha.
In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India scrapped banking instruments such as the Letter of understanding (Lou) and Letter of Comfort (LoC) that in an attempt to plug a loophole and improve banks’ due diligence in trade credit. Some bankers said that Lou's and LoCs led to receiving banks depending completely on the issuing bank on creditworthiness.

</doc>
<doc id="56593484" url="?curid=56593484" title="Yampa (ship 1887)">
Yampa (ship 1887)


</doc>
<doc id="56593491" url="?curid=56593491" title="FS Class E.430">
FS Class E.430

The FS Class E.430 locomotives, initially classed as RA 34, were three-phase alternating current electric locomotives of the Italian railways. They were built for Ferrovia della Valtellina by Ganz and MÁVAG in 1901 and had a power output of 440 kW (about 600 metric horsepower) and a haulage capacity of 300 tons. One locomotive is preserved.
History.
Class E.430 is the first example, worldwide, of an electric locomotive powered by three-phase current. It was built for Rete Adriatica (the Adriatic Network), which at that time operated the Ferrovia della Valtellina, by Ganz Works, for the electrical part, and by the Royal Hungarian State Machine Factory (MÁVAG), for the mechanical part. These were, at the time, the most advanced factories in the world in the electric railway sector. The locomotives were numbered 34.1 and 34.2 under the management of the Adriatic Network. Acquired in 1905 by the Ferrovie dello Stato, the numbering changed to 0341-0342 and in 1914 they were re-numbered E.430.1 and E.430.2.
Since the Valtellina lines were the first in Italy to use three-phase electric power for the haulage of trains, the E.430 was used from the beginning. The Adriatic Network had commissioned the entire electrification project from the Ganz company in Budapest. The equipment was built under the supervision of Kálmán Kandó, one of the pioneers of three-phase traction in Italy. The electrification work began in 1897, with the establishment of a government commission to experiment with different electrification systems: one with accumulators (Bologna - San Felice and Milan - Monza lines), one with direct current at 650 V from a third rail (Milan - Varese), and finally the three-phase system on the Valtellina line.
The tests of the electric power lines at 3,000 - 3,300 Volt, at frequency 15 - 16.7 Hz, powered by the Campovico hydroelectric plant were carried out between 26 July 1902 and 4 September 1902, while tests on the Lecco - Colico - Chiavenna and Colico - Sondrio lines officially began on 15 October 1902. The passenger service was entrusted to a fleet of 10 electric railcars belonging to Class RA 32, while the freight was entrusted to the two locomotives of Class RA 34 numbered 34.1 and 34.2 (later E.430 FS).
The electric locomotives, built by Ganz and Mavag in 1901 and with a power of 440 kW and a haulage capacity of 300 tons, easily out-performed the steam locomotives of the time. The electric railcars, on the other hand, proved insufficient for hauling passenger trains and, subsequently de-motored, they were transformed into passenger coaches of Class RBz.
From 1928 the locomotives were removed from the Valtellina line and transferred to the stations at Bolzano and Fortezza where, from 1929, they were used as shunting locomotives to assemble trains of wagons in transit towards the Brenner Pass.
Technical details.
The design of the locomotive was unusual. It comprised two half-locomotives coupled back-to-back with a bellows joint in the middle of the cab. This gave the wheel arrangement of Bo+Bo, rather than the more common Bo-Bo bogie system in later years. Front and rear visibility was ensured by three glass panels and there were four more on each side. Windshield wipers and washers were not provided. Each half-locomotive had two axles with leaf springs.
The four 150-horsepower traction motors were mounted coaxially on the axles, with a bellcrank linkage to the wheels, similar to that also used for the Valtellina electric railcars. The wheels and motors were covered by sloping bonnets, each equipped with four doors to allow maintenance. Current collection was by two bow collectors, controlled by groups of four cylindrical springs each.
Preservation.
E.430.001 is in the Museo Nazionale Scienza e Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci in Milan. This is the unit once in service at Fortezza station. It is displayed in its later condition with modified current collectors and three large headlights.

</doc>
<doc id="56593494" url="?curid=56593494" title="Stefan (Bishop of Poznań)">
Stefan (Bishop of Poznań)

Stefan (died on March 2, 1159) was bishop of Poznań in the years 1152–1159.
He is documented in the foundation act of the monastery in Łekno from 1153. The dates of his rule are also given in "Annales Lubinensis", the date of death was recorded by the obituary of the abbey in Lubiń.

</doc>
<doc id="56593496" url="?curid=56593496" title="Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahungi">
Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahungi


</doc>
<doc id="56593499" url="?curid=56593499" title="Foster (2021 film)">
Foster (2021 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56593500" url="?curid=56593500" title="Imperial foot">
Imperial foot


</doc>
<doc id="56593505" url="?curid=56593505" title="Sven Slootweg">
Sven Slootweg


</doc>
<doc id="56593506" url="?curid=56593506" title="Joepie91">
Joepie91


</doc>
<doc id="56593508" url="?curid=56593508" title="Palladium (hacker)">
Palladium (hacker)


</doc>
<doc id="56593509" url="?curid=56593509" title="Avunit">
Avunit


</doc>
<doc id="56593527" url="?curid=56593527" title="Gerward (Bishop of Poznan)">
Gerward (Bishop of Poznan)

Gerward was Bishop of Poznan about 1187 though his exact Name and date are unsure. A number of persons are believed to have been Bishop following the tenure of Arnold, including Piotr Łabędź and Świętosław.

</doc>
<doc id="56593529" url="?curid=56593529" title="Johnny Ajar">
Johnny Ajar


</doc>
<doc id="56593530" url="?curid=56593530" title="Courtney Ames">
Courtney Ames


</doc>
<doc id="56593531" url="?curid=56593531" title="Diana Tamayo">
Diana Tamayo


</doc>
<doc id="56593533" url="?curid=56593533" title="Rachel Lee (criminal)">
Rachel Lee (criminal)


</doc>
<doc id="56593534" url="?curid=56593534" title="Manzoor Hai">
Manzoor Hai


</doc>
<doc id="56593547" url="?curid=56593547" title="Bernard (Bishop of Poznan)">
Bernard (Bishop of Poznan)

Bernard (died in 1164) was bishop of Poznań from 1159–1164.
He was a German, and arrived in the parish of Princess Salomei of Berg.
He performed as a witness on the privilege of the princess for the monastery in Mogilno from around 1143 and as a prefect of the collegiate church of St. Peter in Kruszwica.
King Lubinski made him a bishop from 1159 until his death in 1164.

</doc>
<doc id="56593549" url="?curid=56593549" title="Broader Options for Americans Act">
Broader Options for Americans Act

The Broader Options for Americans Act (H. R. 2579) is a bill introduced in the United States House of Representatives in 2017. The bill is sponsored by U.S. Representative Pat Tiberi (R–OH) and enables selected individuals who lose their jobs to use tax credits offered under the American Health Care Act to receive continued coverage under their employer sponsored health insurance plans. This bill has no effect until the American Health Care Act of 2017 is enacted into law.
In February 2018, this bill was used as the vehicle for immigration legislation which was debated in the United States Senate. The immigration legislation aimed to resolve the status of undocumented immigrants, who were protected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program after the program was rescinded by the Trump administration. The legislation would also introduce additional immigration reforms. This bill allowed senators to offer amendments and compete for 60 votes to pass the Senate.
Amendments voted on in the Senate.
Below is a list of amendments to this bill with actions taken in the Senate during the immigration debate. All of the amendments mentioned below failed to advance.

</doc>
<doc id="56593550" url="?curid=56593550" title="Coming Forth by Day (album)">
Coming Forth by Day (album)

Coming Forth by Day is a studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson. The album was released on via Legacy Recordings label.
Background.
The album is a homage to legendary jazz vocalist Billie Holiday to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the singer's birth. The album includes 11 cover versions of famous jazz standards associated with Holiday and an original composition written by Cassandra Wilson—"Last Song (For Lester)"—imagined to be a heartbreaking final message from Holiday to her musical love, Lester Young. Wilson explained: "Coming Forth by Day is a homage dedicated to the beauty, power, and genius of Billie Holiday. A collection of musical spells, prescriptions for navigating the dubious myths surrounding her life and times, this record is a vehicle for the re-emergence of Billie’s songbook in the 21st century."
Reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic stated, "Perhaps the pairing of Cassandra Wilson and Billie Holiday carries a whiff of inevitability, but there's nothing predictable about Coming Forth by Day. Released to coincide with Holiday's centennial in 2015, Coming Forth by Day explicitly celebrates Lady Day by drawing upon standards she sang in addition to songs she wrote, but Wilson deliberately sidesteps the conventional by hiring Nick Launay as a producer. As a result of his work with Nick Cave, Launay mastered a certain brand of spooky Americana, something that comes in handy with the Holiday catalog, but Coming Forth by Day is never too thick with murk. It luxuriates in its atmosphere, sometimes sliding into a groove suggesting smooth '70s soul, often handsomely evoking a cinematic torch song -- moods that complement each other and suggest Holiday's work without replicating it. This is a neat trick: such flexibility suggests how adaptable Holiday's songbook is while underscoring the imagination behind Wilson's interpretations. Certainly, Launay deserves credit for his painterly production, but the success of Coming Forth by Day belongs entirely to Wilson, who proves that she's an heir to Holiday's throne by never once imitating her idol."
Christopher Loudon of "JazzTimes" wrote, "Though it’s disheartening to realize that even an artist as eminent as Cassandra Wilson had to turn to PledgeMusic to fund her centenary salute to Billie Holiday, it’s best to set aside such state-of-things ponderings and focus on the outcome. Which is, in a word, exquisite. It’s also clever, insightful and, though utterly respectful to Holiday as source and touchstone, strikingly original." Writing for "DownBeat", Bobby Reed commented, "This disc, which includes 11 songs recorded by Billie Holiday, functions as an admirable tribute, but it doesn’t sound like Lady Day. Wilson employs her own husky, occasionally hushed singing style, not attempting to re-create Holiday’s famous vocal inflections—and certainly not copying her arrangements. Instead, Wilson assembled a stellar, “outside the box” ensemble to interpret this material for a new generation of listeners."
John Fordham of "The Guardian" noted, "Singer Jose James’ recent tribute to Billie Holiday saw a fine singer and a hip jazz trio sprinkling personal magic on timeless songs with careful respect. Cassandra Wilson’s angle on Holiday is very different: a radical, big-production remake of the great vocalist’s music with the rhythm section from Nick Cave's Bad Seeds giving the repertoire a thick-textured, abstract blues-rock feel, while a luxurious strings section embraces the ballads." In his review for the "Santa Barbara Independent", Charles Donelan wrote, "The album reveals yet another aspect of this visionary artist’s immense talent, as Wilson ventures into the orchestral territory mapped out by Arcade Fire, with her sainted muse Billie Holiday by her side."
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="56593551" url="?curid=56593551" title="Child Rights Information Network">
Child Rights Information Network


</doc>
<doc id="56593554" url="?curid=56593554" title="Aira Naginevičiūtė">
Aira Naginevičiūtė

Aira Naginevičiūtė is a Lithuanian-born, international dance artist, producer and composer.
She established a contemporary dance company in 1989 called Fluidis. In 1998 she began teaching at the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. To date she has developed 20+ dance productions and compositions. Some of her most acclaimed works include: Processus, Pregnant Silence Ego and Id, and The Moon Does Not Care about Barking Dogs.
Naginevičiūtė's Processus was awarded the Lithuanian Ministry of Culture prize for best choreography in the year 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="56593555" url="?curid=56593555" title="Ryan Collins">
Ryan Collins


</doc>
<doc id="56593556" url="?curid=56593556" title="Edward Majerczyk">
Edward Majerczyk


</doc>
<doc id="56593568" url="?curid=56593568" title="Sarah Drew (Megan Meier case)">
Sarah Drew (Megan Meier case)


</doc>
<doc id="56593576" url="?curid=56593576" title="China Maldives Friendship Bridge">
China Maldives Friendship Bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56593588" url="?curid=56593588" title="Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1968 Summer Olympics">
Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1968 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593589" url="?curid=56593589" title="List of career achievements by Caroline Wozniacki">
List of career achievements by Caroline Wozniacki

This is a list of career achievements by Danish tennis player Caroline Wozniacki. To date, she has won 30 singles titles including a Grand Slam title, a WTA Finals title, three WTA Premier Mandatory titles and three WTA Premier 5 titles. She was the winner of the 2018 Australian Open and the 2017 WTA Finals, and the runner-up at the 2009 US Open, the 2010 WTA Tour Championships, and the 2014 US Open. Wozniacki was first ranked world No. 1 by the WTA on October 11, 2010.
Outside tennis.
Marathon.
On 2 November 2014, Wozniacki made her marathon debut, completing the New York City Marathon in a time of 3:26:33. This time was good enough to qualify for the 2016 Boston Marathon but Wozniacki said she will not run another marathon for a few years.
Modeling.
Wozniacki appeared in the 2015 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", following other number one-ranked singles tennis stars: Steffi Graf (1997), Serena Williams (2004), Venus Williams (2005), Maria Sharapova (2006), Ana Ivanovic (2010) and Rafael Nadal (2012) who have appeared in the issue.
Olympics flagbearer.
In the 2016 Summer Olympics, Wozniacki was the Denmark flag bearers at the opening ceremony.
Knighthood.
In May 2018, Wozniacki was appointed Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog by the Queen of Denmark.
Longest winning streak.
Wozniacki performed a 13-match win streak in the 2010 US Open Series, which is the second longest of the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56593593" url="?curid=56593593" title="Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1984 Summer Olympics">
Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1984 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593594" url="?curid=56593594" title="2018 LFA Primeira">
2018 LFA Primeira

The 2018 LFA Primeira is the third season of the Liga Futebol Amadora Primeira Divisão. The season began on March 3 and originally finished on August 5, but rescheduled to be finished on July 29.
Karketu Dili is the current defending champions.
Boavista won their first LFA Primeira title, with one match to spare following a 10–1 away win over Cacusan on 22 July 2018, while its competitor Karketu only drew 1–1 against Ponta Leste on 20 July 2018.
Cacusan to be the first team who relegated to 2019 LFA Segunda, with four match to spare following a 0–10 loss against Karketu on 30 June 2018. DIT was the second team got relegated to 2019 LFA Segunda, with two match to spare following a 2–4 loss against Ponta Leste on 13 July 2018.
Teams.
There are 8 teams that will play this season.
from Primeira.
FC Zebra and FC Porto Taibesse were relegated to 2018 Segunda Divisao after finished 7th and bottom place of 2017 Primeira Divisao.
to Primeira.
Atlético Ultramar and DIT F.C. promoted to 2018 Primeira Divisao after securing place as champions and runners-up in 2017 Segunda Divisao. DIT F.C. returned to top flight after last season relegated to Segunda Divisao and Atlético Ultramar was newly promotion clubs.
Locations.
&lt;section begin=map /&gt;
&lt;section end=map /&gt;
Foreign players.
Restricting the number of foreign players strictly to four per team. A team could use four foreign players on the field each game. Name on BOLD was foreign players who registered in mid-season transfer window.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Fixtures and results.
Due to Timor-Leste national under-21 team schedule in April 2018 for their participation in the 2018 Hassanal Bolkiah Trophy, Round 4 and Round 7 was rescheduled from originally on April 21–22 and May 26–27 in Malibaca Yamato Stadium, Maliana and Baucau Municipal Stadium, Baucau move to April 5–8 and June 7–10 in Kampo Demokrasia, Dili, while Round 6 rescheduled from May 17–20 in Kampo Demokrasia, Dili move to May 26–27 in Malibaca Yamato Stadium, Maliana and Baucau Municipal Stadium, Baucau, also Round 5 rescheduled from April 26–29 move to May 17–20 in same place. Rescheduled for Round 8 to Round 14 not yet announced.
On 19 May 2018 Round 6 was rescheduled one more time from originally May 26–27 in Malibaca Yamato Stadium, Maliana and Baucau Municipal Stadium, Baucau move to May 25–28 in Kampo Demokrasia, Dili. Schedules for Round 8 to Round 14 was also announced at the same time.
Season statistics.
Top scorers.
!Rank
!Player
!Club
!Goals

</doc>
<doc id="56593601" url="?curid=56593601" title="Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1988 Summer Olympics">
Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1988 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593607" url="?curid=56593607" title="Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1992 Summer Olympics">
Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1992 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593608" url="?curid=56593608" title="9th Air Expeditionary Group">
9th Air Expeditionary Group


</doc>
<doc id="56593610" url="?curid=56593610" title="Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1996 Summer Olympics">
Democratic Republic of the Congo at the 1996 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593611" url="?curid=56593611" title="Bogufał III of Czerniejewo">
Bogufał III of Czerniejewo

Bogufał III (born?, Died on 16/17 December 1264) was bishop of Poznań from 1254.
He was born in Czerlin (some studies claim that he was from Wronczyn) and his family were of the Poraj, coat of arms.
He studied at an unspecified Western university, earning a master's degree, which opened the way to his ecclesiastical career. 
Around 1221-1222 he was already a canon of Gniezno, in 1232 he was a scholar of Łęczyca, in 1238 he was an Archdeacon of Gniezno, and in the same year he became a canon of Poznań. 
In the years 1240-1246 he was the chancellor of the Duke Przemysl I. 
In 1250 he resigned from the Łęczyca scholasteria, simultaneously occupying the Gniezno provostura. 
In 1254 he was elected by the chapter of the Poznań bishop and received the approval of the metropolitan election. On 21 February 1255 he was consecrated in Ląd by the Archbishop of Gniezno, Pełka, assisted by four bishops. 
In 1257 he took part in the provincial synod in Łęczyca, he completed the construction of a new presbytery of the Poznań cathedral. He led a secular lifestyle, taking care of enlarging the episcopal estates, and erecting several new parishes.

</doc>
<doc id="56593612" url="?curid=56593612" title="Locksmith Animation">
Locksmith Animation

Locksmith Animation is a British animation studio founded by Sarah Smith and Julie Lockhart in 2014. It is based in London, England, and claims to be the only high-end computer-animation studio in the UK making computer-animated family films.
History.
The studio was founded in 2014 by Sarah Smith and Julie Lockhart with the financial backing of Elisabeth Murdoch. In April 2014, visual effects/animation studio Double Negative formed a deal with Locksmith where it will provide the computer animation for Locksmith's films.
In May 2016, Locksmith formed a production deal with Paramount Pictures, with Paramount acting as the distributor for Locksmith's films to be produced under the Paramount Animation label. The following year, however, Paramount abandoned its deal with Locksmith when Paramount chairman and CEO Brad Grey was replaced by Jim Gianopulos.
In September 2017, Locksmith formed a multi-year production deal with 20th Century Fox, which will distribute Locksmith's films under the 20th Century Fox Animation label, with Locksmith aiming to release a film every 12–18 months. The first film to be released under the production company will be "Ron's Gone Wrong", which is set to be released on October 22, 2021 by 20th Century Studios. In October 2019, while Disney took over 20th Century Animation, Locksmith formed a new multi-year production deal with Warner Bros., which will distribute future Locksmith films under the Warner Animation Group label after the release of "Ron's Gone Wrong", which will now be the only Locksmith film to be distributed by 20th Century Studios.
In June 2021, it was announced that Natalie Fischer, the former COO of Illumination Entertainment, will step in as CEO. Locksmith co-founder Sarah Smith exits the company to pursue her own creative endeavors. It was also announced that Locksmith is currently in production on "That Christmas", a holiday film based on filmmaker Richard Curtis' children’s book series and developing on an original musical-comedy film.

</doc>
<doc id="56593619" url="?curid=56593619" title="DR Congo at the 2000 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2000 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593621" url="?curid=56593621" title="Eugen Einman">
Eugen Einman

Eugen Einman (6 October 1905 – 12 September 1963) was an Estonian professional footballer who played as a right-back for the Estonian national team.
Career.
He played for the Tiigiveski youth club. He debuted for the Estonian national team on September 14, 1924 and has scored five goals in sixty-four games internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="56593623" url="?curid=56593623" title="Modern dinosaur">
Modern dinosaur


</doc>
<doc id="56593625" url="?curid=56593625" title="Santos Dummont">
Santos Dummont


</doc>
<doc id="56593629" url="?curid=56593629" title="Falanta">
Falanta

Falenta, also known as Falęta, Falanta or Walenty (died after 22 May 1267) was a Polish Catholic priest, dean of the Gniezno chapter from 1262, and in 1265-1267 the Poznań bishop.
After the death of the Poznan bishop Bogufał from Czerlin (December 1264), the Poznań chapter took January 25, 1265 to his successor, the provost of Poznań's Pietrzyk. However, the Archbishop of Gniezno, Janusz, refused to approve the election and tried to impose his candidate, the dean of Gniezno, Falenta, who had the support of the Duke of Gniezno-Kalisz Bolesław the Pious. 
Under the pressure of Archbishop Pietrzyk, he resigned himself. The chapter took in his place the Archdeacon of John, but Janusz also rejected this candidacy and consecrated Falenta to the Bishop of Poznań. Then the chapter appealed to the Pope. Through the bishop of Wroclaw, Tomasz Falenta, he was called to appear in person at the curia, which he submitted to papal confirmation. After recognizing the case, Pope Clemens IV in the bull of May 22, 1267 annulled all previous candidacies and appointed one of his chaplains, Mikołaj, to whom he also gave the episcopal consecration to the post of the Poznań bishop. However, in the bullet against Falenty, the Pope used the wording "venerabil fratrem nostrum" "V. episcopum quondam Poznaniensem," which suggests that he acknowledged the validity of his consecration.
The fate of Falenty is unknown. He seems to have returned to the post of dean of Gniezno. The date of his death is also unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="56593630" url="?curid=56593630" title="DR Congo at the 2004 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2004 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593634" url="?curid=56593634" title="DR Congo at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2008 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593637" url="?curid=56593637" title="Thomas Dale Rapp">
Thomas Dale Rapp


</doc>
<doc id="56593638" url="?curid=56593638" title="DR Congo at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2012 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593640" url="?curid=56593640" title="Thomas Rapp">
Thomas Rapp


</doc>
<doc id="56593643" url="?curid=56593643" title="DR Congo at the 2016 Summer Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2016 Summer Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593653" url="?curid=56593653" title="Kailash Meghwal">
Kailash Meghwal


</doc>
<doc id="56593655" url="?curid=56593655" title="Mikołaj I">
Mikołaj I

Mikołaj (died 30 March 1278) was bishop of Poznań in the years 1267-1278.
He came from Silesia, the son of Wojsław. 
He obtained a master's degree at a Western European university. He was first a custodian and then a Cracow scholastic. In 1262, he was part of a delegation seeking the canonization of Jadwiga Slaska in the papal curia. On May 22, 1267, Pope Clement IV appointed him bishop of Poznań, thus ending a year and a half dispute between the cathedral chapter and Archbishop Janusz for the cast of this diocese. It is known from this bullet that Mikołaj was the papal chaplain, which allows to suppose that after 1262 he was permanently detained in the Roman Curia. 
As a bishop he participated in the provincial synod in Sieradz in 1270. Moreover, he appears in two documents dated October 25, 1276 and 1278 (without a date). 
The date of his death was recorded in the Lublin obituary; On April 23, 1278, Prince Bolesław the Pious recalls him as a dead person.

</doc>
<doc id="56593656" url="?curid=56593656" title="Jakob III. Fugger">
Jakob III. Fugger

Jakob III. Fugger (30 March 1542, Babenhausen, Bavaria - 7 February 1598, Babenhausen, Bavaria) was a German businessman and landowner of the Fugger family. He was also Lord of Schloss Babenhausen in Unterallgäu.
Life.
He was the fourth son of Anton Fugger and Anna von Rehlingen. On their father's death in 1560 he and his brothers jointly managed the family's company and lands, which were both now of considerable size. In 1573 all the lands were divided between the brothers, with Jakob gaining the lordships of Babenhausen, Wellenburg and Boos among others. In 1583 he and his brothers were granted Reichsstandschaft in the Schwäbischen Reichsgrafenkollegium and the status of count in the Swabian Reichskreis.
Marriage and issue.
In 1570 Jakob married Anna Ilsung von Tratzberg. They had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="56593657" url="?curid=56593657" title="DR Congo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
DR Congo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593659" url="?curid=56593659" title="Rafu (disambiguation)">
Rafu (disambiguation)

Rafu is a Japanese word. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56593661" url="?curid=56593661" title="Friends (smart speaker)">
Friends (smart speaker)

Friends (stylized as Clova Friends in Japan) is a LINE character-themed smart speaker developed by Naver Corporation and Line Corporation (a subsidiary of Naver). The device is the second smart speaker that is powered by intelligent personal assistant Clova. Introduced in December 2017, Friends has a cylindrical shape and has the appearance of the characters in LINE Friends – Brown the bear and Sally the chick, providing two versions – Friends BROWN and Friends SALLY. The "Action" button, which activates the device, is placed on the nose of the character, while a LED indicator and other buttons such as volume and bluetooth settings are placed on the back. The LED ring are placed at the bottom of Friends.
Same as the Wave smart speaker, it was first introduced as a bundle package included with Line Music. The developer, Naver and Line, claims that this kind of character design gives "a sense of character, and [...] a same sense of familiarity". Same as the Wave, the device is able to do tasks such as reading text messages, creating memos, online shopping, calling taxis and controlling home appliances. Voice commands is currently only available in Japanese and Korean and the device is currently available in Japan and Korea.
Other than Friends, Naver partnered with South Korean cellular carrier LG U+ to release Friends+, a speaker that will run the U+ Home AI rather than Clova.

</doc>
<doc id="56593664" url="?curid=56593664" title="DR Congo at the 2016 Summer Paralympics">
DR Congo at the 2016 Summer Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593666" url="?curid=56593666" title="Carsae FC">
Carsae FC


</doc>
<doc id="56593670" url="?curid=56593670" title="Fehmi Yavuz">
Fehmi Yavuz

Fehmi Yavuz (1912–1991) was a former Turkish civil servant, academic, writer and a government minister 
Early life.
He was born in Isparta in 1912. After his primary and secondary education in Isparta he completed Pertevniyal High School in İstanbul. He graduated from the Faculty of Political Sciences of Ankara University 1937. In 1942, he returned to his faculty as the assistant of Professor Ernest Reuter. In 1951 he earned the title professor in the same faculty. Between 1953 and 1955 he studied urban development in United Kingdom. In 1958 he was elected as the dean of the faculty.
Political life.
In 1960 after the 1960 Turkish coup, he was appointed as the Minister of National Educationin the 24th government of Turkey between 30 May 1960 and 27 August 1960. Following a reshuffle in the government he was appointed as the Minister of Construction and Settlement. After the formation of the Constituent Assembly of Turkey in which he was a member, he continued in the same seat in the 25th government between 5 January 1961 and 6 February 1961.
Later years.
After the constituent assembly term he returned to academic life and taught in the Middle East Technical University and Zonguldak Karaelmas University. He died on 11 July 1991.
Books.
He was also a writer. The following are his books 

</doc>
<doc id="56593672" url="?curid=56593672" title="Jürgen Friedl">
Jürgen Friedl

Jürgen Friedl is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Union Weißkirchen. He has played for several clubs since 2001, including Red Bull Salzburg in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="56593676" url="?curid=56593676" title="DR Congo at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593683" url="?curid=56593683" title="Cameron Ridley">
Cameron Ridley

Cameron DeVon Ridley (born October 27, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who last played for GNBC of the Basketball Africa League (BAL).
Career.
Ridley was a former McDonald's All-American. In his four year career at Texas, he averaged 8.2 points, 6.3 rebounds and 1.9 blocks per game. Ridley averaged 11.1 points, a team-high 8.5 rebounds and 2.8 blocks per game as a senior. He played in 13 games before fracturing his foot and missing all of conference play. He played for the Chicago Bulls in NBA Summer League.
In April 2021, Ridley signed with GNBC from Madagascar ahead of the 2021 BAL season. He made his BAL debut against US Monastir and scored 12 points before falling out with an injury.

</doc>
<doc id="56593684" url="?curid=56593684" title="DR Congo at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics">
DR Congo at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593686" url="?curid=56593686" title="Schwäbisches Reichsgrafenkollegium">
Schwäbisches Reichsgrafenkollegium


</doc>
<doc id="56593687" url="?curid=56593687" title="Fujifilm X-H1">
Fujifilm X-H1

The Fujifilm X-H1 is a larger mirrorless interchangeable-lens digital camera announced on February 15, 2018 by Fujifilm. It has a backside-illuminated X-Trans CMOS III APS-C sensor and an X-Processor III processor that uses the Fujifilm X-mount. The X-H1 is a weather-resistant camera with an in-body image stabilization capable of recording 4K videos up to 30 fps with a color gamut at a bitrate of 200Mbps. The camera can record slow motion videos in 1080p at 120 fps.
The X-H1 is meant to begin a new line-up of larger DSLR-style mirrorless cameras. The camera is available only in black for $1,899.95. Sale began on 1 March 2018.
Features.
The X-H1 is equipped with the sloped viewfinder 'prism', a top-panel LCD, and a significantly larger grip and buttons than the X-T series.

</doc>
<doc id="56593694" url="?curid=56593694" title="Ath/Isieres Airport">
Ath/Isieres Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56593696" url="?curid=56593696" title="Congo DR at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics">
Congo DR at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics


</doc>
<doc id="56593702" url="?curid=56593702" title="Larsen Marabe">
Larsen Marabe


</doc>
<doc id="56593704" url="?curid=56593704" title="DR Congo at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships">
DR Congo at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships


</doc>
<doc id="56593706" url="?curid=56593706" title="Tuncurry midge orchid">
Tuncurry midge orchid


</doc>
<doc id="56593708" url="?curid=56593708" title="DR Congo at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships">
DR Congo at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships


</doc>
<doc id="56593714" url="?curid=56593714" title="Karantina (Tram İzmir)">
Karantina (Tram İzmir)

Karantina is a light rail station on the Konak Tram line in İzmir, Turkey. It is located within the 15 Temmuz Demkorasi Şehitleri Square in east Konak, above the Mustafa Kemal Coastal Boulevard as the throughway passes underneath the square. The station was originally named Mithatpaşa Lisesi from the historic Mithatpaşa high-school, located one block south of the station.
Connections.
ESHOT operates city bus service on Mithatpaşa Street.

</doc>
<doc id="56593722" url="?curid=56593722" title="Aga (title)">
Aga (title)


</doc>
<doc id="56593727" url="?curid=56593727" title="Aleksander Gerassimov-Kalvet">
Aleksander Gerassimov-Kalvet

Aleksander Gerassimov-Kalvet (11 February 1904 – 13 March 1970) was an Estonian professional footballer who played as a forward for the Estonia national football team.
Career.
Gerassimov-Kalvet played for Tallinna Sport where he finished two-times as a top scorer in the Estonian championship. He was registered in the list of players for Estonia during the Olympic Games of 1924. However, he was one of the six reserve players who remained in the country, thus, not playing a game for the Olympics. He was selected to play for Estonia on 18 July 1930, in a friendly match against Sweden, during which he scored a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="56593739" url="?curid=56593739" title="Timor-Leste at the Paralympics">
Timor-Leste at the Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593742" url="?curid=56593742" title="Siddharth (disambiguation)">
Siddharth (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56593751" url="?curid=56593751" title="Jan of Wysokowce">
Jan of Wysokowce

Jan Wyszkowic (? 11 March 1285) was bishop of Poznań in the years 1278-1285.
His family were of the Łodzia coat of arms. 
From 1240, he was a canon in the Poznań chapter. In the years 1246-57 he was the Chancellor of Przemysł I, and in 1257-63 Chancellor for Bolesław the Pious. 
The date of his election to the Poznań Bishopric is unknown, he is certified for the first time on 12 October 1278. In 1283 he was appointed by Pope Martin IV as a mediator in a conflict between Prince Leszek Czarny and the Cracow bishop Paweł of Przemek. In this year, he undertook the mission of transferring the archbishop's pallium to Jakub Świnka and, together with the bishops of Wroclaw, Włocławek and Płock, he gave him priesthood and archbishop consecration. In 1285 he took part in a synod in Łęczyca. He was a close associate of the princes Bolesław the Pious and Przemysl II.
According to Jan Dlugosz he died on 11 March 1286, but already on 17 August 1285 his successor was confirmed, this date should be corrected by one year.

</doc>
<doc id="56593753" url="?curid=56593753" title="Kanha (song)">
Kanha (song)

Kanha is a Hindi song from 2017 film "Shubh Mangal Saavdhan". It was nominated at the 63rd Filmfare Awards for Best Playback Singer (Shashaa Tirupati). She lost to Meghna Mishra, but won in Screen Awards. The song was picked as one of the best Hindi songs of 2017 by an online portal. It is written and composed by Tanishk-Vayu.

</doc>
<doc id="56593755" url="?curid=56593755" title="West Virginia Avenue">
West Virginia Avenue

West Virginia Avenue is an avenue in Washington, DC running from K Street NE to New York Avenue NE. It was named after the State of West Virginia which entered the Union in 1863.
Geography.
West Virginia Avenue is located in the northeast quadrant of Washington DC. It runs from K Street NE to NE York Avenue NE on a south-west to north-east axis. It intersects Florida Avenue as it exits the original design of Washington DC as designed by L'Enfant. It runs in the northern part of the Near North East neighborhood and is the border for the neighborhoods of Trinidad and Ivy City. It runs adjacent to Gallaudet University and Mount Olivet Cemetery.
History.
The avenue was not part of L'Enfant Plan. A large section north of Florida Avenue is located outside of his original design and the southern part cuts into blocks part of the plan. Prior to its installation, the only accesses out of the city were through Delaware Avenue where it crossed Florida Avenue (then known as Boundary Street) and at Maryland Avenue.
The path follows a railway track that ran the same course going from Delaware Avenue NE, down I Street NE and then heading north-east out of the city. The railroad track was owned by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and was going to Baltimore. The area north of Boundary Road was made of fields with no significant structure until the late 19th Century.
In April 1864, the Columbia Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and the Blind (later renamed Gallaudet University) on the northern side of the railroad track off and Boundary Street. By 1893, several streets had been developed east of the track where the Trinidad neighborhood stood and the section north of Boundary Street was used to access the neighborhoods of Ivy City and Montello.
In 1907, after many years of negotiations between the US Government, the railway companies and local citizen’s groups, Union Station opened. It became the only train station in the city where all trains entered the city. As a result, the previous tracks were no longer needed as the new tracks followed Delaware Avenue NE out of the city.
The local community saw an opportunity to build an access road out of the city on that same path. On October 21, 1909, the Northern Suburban Citizens' Association assembled in Langdon Hall passed a resolution to have West Virginia Avenue be improved as a public thoroughfare from 22nd Street NE to Florida Avenue as well as add sewer pipes. The following year, the Associations asked the to use the unexpended balances of appropriation to resurface the avenue on the same distance. The Northeast Washington Citizens' Association joined in to request that West Virginia be a thoroughfare as it would be the only one in that area.
A right of way of a 1000 feet had been given to the Baltimore &amp; Ohio Railroad and had been deeded to the United States on February 12, 1901. 9000 feet of these had been made into West Virginia Avenue by 1910 with small portions being transformed into parks by then.
The Property Yard.
By the end of 1910, a bill was pending in the House to get the remaining. The District Commissioners objected to giving up about 600 feet of that right of way that was used as a property yard on square 857 between 6th Street and 7th Street NE. They argued that the land was needed for storage in the area. While they agreed that piles of stones and broken down carts were unsightly they argued that this would one day be hidden with a brick wall. In addition, if it was given up, the traffic from that avenue would end up on I Street that does not have an exit passage at Union Station, unlike K Street which goes under the tracks.
On February 1, 1911, William R. Harr, acting Attorney General announced that the commissioners had no authority over the piece of land used for the yard. The Department of Justice determined that since the strip of land was vested to the United States, the commissioners only had authority to police it. This decision was forwarded to the Senate District Committee. This was a major victory for the citizens. The Senate gave its approval on the resolution a few days later.
On April 10, 1911, a bill was introduced in the Senate by Duncan U. Fletcher, Senator for the State of Florida "to construct a West Virginia avenue out of the strip of land extending in a northeasterly direction from the intersection of 6th and I streets northeast to Florida avenue". By May of the same year, the ballasts, ties and rails had been removed from Florida Avenue NE to Mount Olivet Street NE and the ties and rails were gone from Mount Olivet Street NE on-wards going North. While it was only a muddy path with no pavement, it was used by wagons to connect the communities north to the city and it was a straight line looking straight at the Capitol Building. South of Florida Avenue, the old railway roadbed had been flanked by fences on the back of the properties built on either side. 
The Commissioners responded and argued again that K Street NE was the street that should be used as it is already wide and developed, unlike I Street. Extending West Virginia all the way to I Street would lead to the removal of the yard which would need to be relocated somewhere else in the area at an estimated cost of $50,000 with a waste of $10,000 from the improvements that have already taken place on the lot. This would be considered a damage to the public.
In the House of Representatives, Adam B. Littlepage from West Virginia, introduced a bill for the removal of the yard and the extension of West Virginia Avenue from K Street NE to I Street NE. It was met with the same opposition from the District Commissioners.
Today.
Today, West Virginia Avenue is a very active corridor for vehicles coming into the city. The intersection of West Virginia Avenue NE and K Street NE is a very busy intersection and has been the stage for several crashes involving vehicles, bikes and pedestrians.
The Avenue was not extended to I Street NE. Nevertheless, the block on which the property lot was located between 6th Street NE, 7th Street NE, K Street NE and I Street NE (Square 857) retains traces of the old layout in the patch of the alley on 7th Street NE in the same line as West Virginia Avenue.
Gallaudet University and the Mount Olivet Cemetery are still located in West Virginia Avenue. It is also home to the District of Columbia Department of Public Works Fleet Management Administration Vehicle Maintenance Complex where the 3,000 vehicles of the District of Columbia Government are repaired and services with the exception of police, fire, corrections and schools vehicles. However it fuels all of the 6,000 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="56593756" url="?curid=56593756" title="Vaginal rugae">
Vaginal rugae

Vaginal rugae are structures of the vagina that are transverse ridges formed out of the supporting tissues and vaginal epithelium in females. Some conditions can cause the disappearance of vaginal rugae and are usually associated with childbirth and prolapse of pelvic structures. The rugae contribute to the resiliency and elasticity of the vagina and its ability to distend and return to its previous state. These structures not only allow expansions and an increase in surface area of the vaginal epithelium, they provide the space necessary for the vaginal microbiota. The shape and structure of the rugae are supported and maintained by the lamina propria of the vagina and the anterior and posterior rugae.
The anterior and posterior columnae rugae are transverse vaginal support structures between which the transverse rugae exist. The cross section of the vagina normally forms a shape that resembles the letter 'H' due to these structures.
Vaginal rugae disappear in those with an estrogen deficiency and those women who are older. The rugae can disappear with anterior vaginal wall prolapse which can occur when supports to the portion located between the vagina and bladder are damaged and the bladder bulges into the vaginal lumen. Vaginal self-examination includes visualizing the presence of vaginal rugae. Anatomists identified rugae of the vagina as early as 1824.
Development.
The appearance and presence of vaginal rugae change over the life span of females and are associated with hormonal cycles, estrogens, childbirth, puberty and menopause. During gynecological examination of prepubescent girls, rugae can be visualized. The vaginal rugae change after menopause. In some older women the rugae are present but become flattened and difficult to see. In others, the rugae tend to disappear.
Clinical considerations.
Other structures can be present on the vaginal wall though most of the time these can be differentiated from rugae. Vaginal cysts can be small protrusions into the vagina that can be felt or palpated by a clinician. Vaginal inclusion cysts can appear as small bumps and can develop after childbirth. Other small structures or protrusions can be Gartner duct cysts, patches of endometrial tissue, and benign tumors. These cystic structures can obliterate the rugae and is a clue to their presence. The absence of vaginal rugae seen in the normal vagina of a healthy woman may be an indication of a prolapsed bladder (cystocele) or rectocele. An enterocele, or bulging of the bowel into the vagina can also cause vaginal rugae to disappear. The absence of vaginal rugae may also be an indicator of pelvic organ prolapse. Vaginal rugae disappear in those with an estrogen deficiency.
Childbirth.
Vaginal rugae can disappear during the second stage of labor. After a vaginal birth the rugae are not visible and the walls of the vagina are smooth. By the third week postpartum the vagina has become much smaller and the rugae begin to reform on the vaginal walls. Six weeks after birth, the rugae have returned to approximately the same size as they were before the birth. The number of rugae after childbirth decreases. In women who have not given birth, the rugae are more prominent than in those who have given birth multiple times.

</doc>
<doc id="56593758" url="?curid=56593758" title="Satoko Kitahara">
Satoko Kitahara

 – later known as Elisabeth Maria – was a Japanese Roman Catholic. Kitahara was descended from aristocrats and samurai warriors; she worked in an airplane warehouse during World War II and became disillusioned after she and others learnt of Japanese atrocities during the conflict. She discovered Roman Catholicism and after a period of being exposed to churches decided to learn catechism so she could be baptized.
Upon her baptism she selected the name "Elisabeth" and upon her Confirmation added the name "Maria". Kitahara made it her goal to tend to the impoverished and orphaned as well as the sick and poor who were suffering as a result of the damage inflicted during the war. In 1950 she first met the Conventual Franciscan friar Zenon Żebrowski and the two worked together to care for destitute people and children in the riverside Ants Village. This work became the focus for Kitahara's life until she died from tuberculosis in 1958.
The beatification process had been proposed since the 1970s and had opened in 1981 which made Kitahara known as a Servant of God. In 2015 she was named as Venerable after Pope Francis confirmed her life of heroic virtue.
Life.
Childhood and war.
Satoko Kitahara was born in Japan on 22 August 1929 to aristocrats as one of five children (four girls and one boy). Kitahara was descended from samurai warriors and was raised in a Shintō household (she was also descended from Shintō priests).
The Kitahara's supported the Japanese war effort during World War II with both her father and brother-in-law being sent to fight. Her older brother was summoned to work in the Nakajima Airplane Warehouse which prompted Kitahara to join him there during the course of the war. Her time there was interrupted with frequent warning sirens due to continuous bombings and she even survived a U.S. bombing of the plant (sending her into deep shock) but contracted tuberculosis as a result of the attack. Her brother succumbed from pneumonia not long following this. In the warehouse she became appalled with the unchaste behavior of some of her colleagues and soon became dissolusioned after reports of Japanese atrocities during the war were made public. Over time she came to believe that the Shintō religion provided nothing for her.
Her chance encounter with Roman Catholicism began her entrance into the Church after having seen Christian individuals and having attended catechism classes. But she looked towards the faith-motivated charitable works of some Christians and became fascinated with this.
First exposure to Catholicism.
Kitahara developed an admiration for the work of Doctor Albert Schweitzer around this point and commenced her college education once the war ended. In March 1948, while a pharmaceutical student in the department of medicine at the Showa Women's College, she and a classmate took a stroll one afternoon in Yokohama. The pair asked themselves about the meaning of life which Kitahara came to question following a series of life events. One such event was avoiding death after a bus almost ran her over in 1935. Two siblings had died from illness in the war and she gave up her idea of becoming a concert pianist to turn towards medicine. Kitahara would often pass churches and felt compelled to look inside but was frightened and nervous to do so. But this March afternoon was when she and her friend noticed a man going into the church of the Sacred Heart which enticed the pair to follow him inside. Inside she was spellbound upon seeing a Marian statue (she did not know who it depicted) while in 1950 writing that she became overwhelmed with an "indefinable emotion". In the next few months she made a series of visits to more churches.
It was not long prior to her graduation that - in March 1949 - she encountered a student who expressed happiness to the point where Kitahara inquired as to their cause of this. The student said that she began attending the same church that Kitahara had gone into back in 1948. Kitahara obtained her diploma in 1949 upon her graduation. Her father did not share her interest in Roman Catholicism but wanted his granddaughter (her niece) Choko to receive a good education. To that end he sent Choko to a school that the Mercedarian Sisters (who hailed from Spain) managed. Kitahara encountered the order when she accompanied Choko to the school and was awestruck upon seeing a Japanese nun wearing the Mercedarian habit. Sometime later Choko began attending Mass in the convent school and the Mother Superior invited Kitahara to attend upon seeing her with Choko.
Over time she became an obsessive cinema fan and went to the movie theatre as often as six times a week.
Baptism.
It was not long until the nuns were proving her with catechetical lessons and she began to attend morning Mass in the convent's chapel each 6:00am. Her father meanwhile had resolved never to oppose the aspirations of his children but disagreed with his daughter's approach to faith and decided to exchange ideas at dinner hoping to dissuade her. He urged her to recognize that the advance of science made religion obsolete while she countered that miracles defied science in several reported cases which empowered the need for faith and reason. Kitahara converted to the faith and received baptism on 30 October 1949 from Father Albert Bold (of the Divine Word Missionaries) in which she assumed the name "Elisabeth". Bold went through the list of saint names to see which one she would like to take. He came across that of Saint Elizabeth and told her of her service to the poor. Kitahara became excited and said with resolve: "I am taking that name. I am taking that name". Upon her baptism Bold gave her a rosary which Pope Pius XII had blessed. Her older sister Kazuko heard her mention that baptism made her "the bride of the Lord" and so volunteered to sew a white wedding gown. This gown became a visible pledge to consecrate herself to God. Kitahara assumed the name "Maria" upon her Confirmation and again wore her wedding gown.
It was not long until she harbored dreams of becoming a Mercedarian nun herself. To that end she arranged to have one of the nuns teach her the Spanish language (a requirement). Her dreams would soon be realized to the point she packed a black dress (in preparation for becoming a postulant) and tucked a train ticket beneath her pillow. But the dream became shattered before she left after developing a high fever in which a doctor would diagnose her with tuberculosis. The Mercedarians could not receive a new postulant in poor health which saddened Kitahara and made her unsure of what God's plan for her was to be.
Meeting Żebrowski.
In November 1950 - while helping her mother with household chores - she heard the store assistant from her older sister's shoe store call to her to meet a visitor. The visitor in question was the Polish Conventual Franciscan friar Zeno Żebrowski (1891-1982) whom the assistant believed was a priest (but was incorrect in that). Żebrowski had come to Japan in 1930 with Saint Maximilian Maria Kolbe in order to evangelize. The assistant told the friar that the store owner's sister was a Christian which interested the friar. His gaze upon her entrance became fixed to the rosary dangling off the sash of her kimono. He asked in Japanese if she was baptized to which she said that "I was baptized at the convent of the Mercedarians". He was pleased with this and startled Kitahara when he asked if she ever wanted to become a nun. This startled her because it was an innermost thought but nevertheless replied that she was interested in that path. Żebrowski assured her that the Blessed Mother would guide her and before leaving gave her a pamphlet on the late Kolbe.
The assistant came to her home later that evening with the newspaper regarding the friar and some riverbank settlement of impoverished and homeless people known as Ants Town (Arinomachi). Kitahara wanted to help the children there but did not know how to contact the friar. That 1 December she was closing the shutters for the night when she noticed a robed figure running through the rain without an umbrella and realized that it was Żebrowski. Kitahara ran after him - also without an umbrella - and wandered the streets to look for him. He greeted her when she found him and he would soon introduce her to the Ants Town and the work involved with it.
Ants Town.
Prior to Christmas in 1950 the friar came to visit her with Matsui Toru who was one of the unofficial leaders of the settlement . Toru asked her to help entertain the children, for which she used her pianist abilities to both instruct and entertain them. Toru and Kitahara worked together. Toru who was later baptized into the faith in 1953.
Both she and Żebrowski collaborated to minister to the ill, the displaced, and the orphaned. Kitahara dedicated herself to alleviating the suffering of those whom the war had victimized. But she realized that she would be able to better help them if she became like them. To that end she renounced her wealth and status to live with the homeless and the outcast. Kitahara also resorted to rag-picking. It was not long until she led children in rag-picking expeditions and one of the participating adults was her own mother. In the beginning of 1951 she became a member of the Militia Immaculatae. Her dedication to the children was strong and her commitment to the Ants Town grew stronger with each person she was able to aid.
Illness and death.
Kitahara died at 7:00am on 23 January 1958 due to tuberculosis. She was buried in a plot at Tama. Her mother entered the Church in 1962.
Beatification process.
From 1972 the beatification process had been called for with the Conventual Franciscans also taking an interest in the cause being opened. The order wanted to promote Kitahara's life and lobbied for her cause to Archbishop (later cardinal) Peter Seiichii who launched an initial investigation. The cause's formal launch came under Pope John Paul II on 26 January 1981 after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints declared Kitahara as a Servant of God and declared "nihil obstat" (no objections to the cause). The cognitional process of investigation was launched in 1981 and closed in 1983 before the C.C.S. validated the investigation in Rome on 5 October 1984.
The postulation later drafted a Positio dossier which documented Kitahara's life and virtues and which was published on 14 August 1997. This dossier was sent to the C.C.S. in 1998 for assessment. Theologians confirmed the cause on 12 June 2014 as did the cardinal and bishop members of the C.C.S. on 13 January 2015. Pope Francis confirmed that Kitahara lived a model Christian life of heroic virtue on 22 January 2015 and named her as Venerable.
The current postulator for this cause is the Conventual Franciscan friar Damian-Gheorge Pătraşcu.

</doc>
<doc id="56593759" url="?curid=56593759" title="Rear-Admiral Commanding Battlecruiser Squadron">
Rear-Admiral Commanding Battlecruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56593760" url="?curid=56593760" title="Timor-Leste at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2008 Summer Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593764" url="?curid=56593764" title="Vice-Admiral Commanding Battlecruiser Squadron">
Vice-Admiral Commanding Battlecruiser Squadron


</doc>
<doc id="56593766" url="?curid=56593766" title="Mohammad Nazmul Islam">
Mohammad Nazmul Islam


</doc>
<doc id="56593772" url="?curid=56593772" title="Connor Lammert">
Connor Lammert

Connor Austin Lammert (born August 31, 1994) is an American former professional basketball player for Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56593773" url="?curid=56593773" title="Timor-Leste at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2012 Summer Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593779" url="?curid=56593779" title="Schwere-Reiter-Straße">
Schwere-Reiter-Straße

The Schwere-Reiter-Straße is a 1.2 km long street in Munich's Schwabing-West district in the Oberwiesenfeld area. It leads from Leonrodplatz to the Hohenzollernstraße on the corner of Winzererstraße, where it branches off to the north of the Ackermannstraße.
North is the Olympic Park. On the corner of Dachauer Straße is the cultural center "Schwere Reiter - Dance Theater" since 1993, next to it is the "Munich Center of Community Arts" (MUCCA) and other objects of the creative district Schwabing, according to Süddeutsche Zeitung "the most vibrant and versatile artist biotope" of Munich. In 2021, the criminal justice center in Munich is to move into a seven-storey building, the construction of which began in 2016. Next to Schwerer-Reiter-Straße 9 are the institutes and stables of the Veterinary Faculty of the University of Munich. At Schwerer-Reiter-Straße 15 you will find the theater tent "Das Schloss". On the corner of Ackermannstraße, a boarding house was completed in 2016, which was awarded in 2012 for its design choice from seven designs. At the Schwere-Reiter-Straße 35 is the dormitory Schwere-Reiter- Straße. One of the four locations of the German Patent and Trade Mark Office is located at Schwere-Reiter-Straße 37. In Schwere-Reiter-Straße 39 stands a three-storey, richly structured Neo-Baroque style building with three Risaliten with Mansard walm roofs, built from 1900 to 1902 by Georg Zeiser. In it was formerly the team building of the Prince-Leopold-Kaserne.
In Schwerere-Reiter-Straße 41 stands the former staff building of the Prinz-Leopold-Kaserne, which was also built from 1900 to 1902 by Georg Zeiser as a three-storey articulated Neo-Baroque style building with tent roof and coat of arms relief on the gabel. At the corner of Winzererstraße stands the former casino building of the Prinz-Leopold-Kaserne, a castle-like freestanding, inclined neo-baroque corner building with rich sculptural decor and front terrace with open staircase.
Southeast of the casino building is the city archives Munich. The Barbarasiedlung is bordered to the north by the Schwere-Reiter-Straße. It is a document for the small housing construction in the years before the First World War and stands under the principles of Theodor Fischer with elements of the garden city idea under ensemble protection.
Over its entire length, the Schwere-Reiter-Straße has two lanes in each direction, which are divided in the middle by the tracks of the tram line 12. As a special feature, the section between Winzererstraße and Ackermannstraße has an additional separation in the lanes though a green strip with densely standing old trees. The use is permitted for motorized traffic, however, only in the east-west direction. As a result, the Schwere-Reiter-Straße has a width of over 50 m in this area.
History.
The Oberwiesenfeld has been used since 1796 as a parade ground, artillery practice area and gunpowder depot. With the numerical increase of the Bavarian armed forces after the army reform of 1804 and the longer training of the soldiers necessary due to the weapon technical development, their accommodation in barracks became necessary. The area around today's Schwere-Reiter-Straße was uninhabited until the end of the 19th century.
In old city plans, the Schwere-Reiter-Straße is still referred to as Leonrodstraße and was renamed in 1938 under the National Socialists, after the 1st Royal Bavarian Heavy Cavalry (Prince Charles of Bavaria's). Originally it was surrounded by military used buildings:
From 1909 to 1918 the Barbarasiedlung was built for servants of the military clothing office at the corner of Schwere-Reiter-Straße to Infanteriestraße, since the service building on the grounds of Barackenkasernements Oberwiesenfeld was no longer sufficient for the craftsmen of the Corps Clothing Department. The settlement, which is now owned by the Free State of Bavaria, was awarded in 1993 in the Munich Facade Competition. Since 1920, the former municipal Wehramt houses the city archives.
The casino ("Offizierspiseansalt") at Winzererstraße 41 - in the 1980s, until a fire, was temporarily used as a chemical factory - what later became a popular film site, for example by director Rainer Werner Fassbinder or for Schimanski-Tatorts. At that time, the filmmakers had simply completed the arduous walls for the shooting with papier-mâché and the like. Today, the historically protected building is used as a canteen of the State Building Office Freising, as well as a "Casino am Nordbad" for cultural events.
From the abandoned in 1994 Stettenkaserne, is only a seven-story accommodation building built in 1960, which was converted into a dormitory with 245 homes. In 1966, the renewel-planning of large parts of the Oberwiesenfeld into the Olympic Park Munich for the 1972 Summer Olympics took place. The area of Waldmann-, Stetten- and Prinz-Leopold-Kaserne was converted, except for the historically protected buildings and the dormitory, from 2002 to 2016 into the new urban quarter "Am Ackermannbogen" with about 2250 apartments and around 550 workplaces on 39.5 hectares.
The buildings of the former Luitpoldkaserne are now used as "Kreativquartier Schwabing", since 1993 it is home of the "Urban Dance and Theater Stage Schwere Reiter" and the "Studio House". The 1894 built former training hall in Romanesque style with numerous round arched windows, became a venue in 1994 for the "Reithalle München" with a performance of the Oresteia by Peter Stein.

</doc>
<doc id="56593782" url="?curid=56593782" title="World Ahlbayt Assembly">
World Ahlbayt Assembly


</doc>
<doc id="56593789" url="?curid=56593789" title="Timor-Leste at the 2016 Summer Paralympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2016 Summer Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593796" url="?curid=56593796" title="Moussa Hirir">
Moussa Hirir

Moussa Hirir (born 1 March 1984) is a Djiboutian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Djibouti national football team.
Career.
He played from 2008 to 2009 at Société Immobilière of Djibouti. In 2009, he moved to Kartileh DjibSat and in 2014, he transferred to Guelleh Batal. He made his national debut on 13 June 2008 in the Djibouti vs Democratic Republic of the Congo match, where he scored his first goal with the national team a week later on June 22, 2008, in the return leg against Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="56593797" url="?curid=56593797" title="Meghna Mishra">
Meghna Mishra

Meghna Mishra is an Indian playback singer, mainly a selected playback singer of music director Amit Trivedi. She delivered 2 superhit tracks, "Nachdi Phira" and "Main Kaun Hoon", in the 2017 film "Secret Superstar" starring Zaira Wasim, Meher Vij and Aamir Khan. She won Best Female Playback Singer for "Nachdi Phira" at the 63rd Filmfare Awards. The song "Main Kaun Hoon" was picked as one of the best Hindi songs of 2017 by an online portal. The songs were written by Kausar Munir and composed by Amit Trivedi.

</doc>
<doc id="56593808" url="?curid=56593808" title="Jan II Gerbicz">
Jan II Gerbicz

Jan Gerbicz, or Herbisz was a thirteenth century bishop of Poznan (around 1240–1297).
He came from a noble family of Wielkopolska of the Nałęczów coat of arms and was the Son of Tomasz, castellan of Poznan. He may have had a legal education and probably started his spiritual career from the cantor office in Poznań, which he held in the years 1269–1276. In a document of 6 June 1278, is already called an archdeacon. It is also known that he was a member of the Gniezno chapter.
On 17 August 1285 he was certified for the first time as a Poznań Bishop, but according to Jan Długosz, he received the bishop's consecration from the hands of Archbishop Jakub Świnka only in May 1286 in Ląd. From the beginning of his ministry on the Poznań throne, he was associated with the policy of Przemysł II and Jakub Świnka. Probably, on their initiative, he mediated in a dispute between Prince Henry IV Probus and Tomasz II Zaremba, bishop of Wrocław, who was the co-author of the privilege granted by that same prince to the Wrocław bishopric. In 1295, he took part in the coronation of Przemysl as the king of Poland, and after his murder in 1296, he was a signatory of the Curiatian system, under which Henry III Głogowczyk was to embrace southern Wielkopolska.
He was a good administrator in managing the diocese. He bought several villages in Greater Poland, erected the altar of the Holy Trinity and Saint Jadwiga, founded by Przemysł II, founded the parish churches in Lusów (more precisely in 1288 he established the parish in the existing church from 1244) and Mieszków and collegiate church of St. Jacob in Głuszyna.
In 1297 he obtained numerous estates for the Poznań bishops along with broad immunities in the Duchy of Czersk in Mazovia from Bolesław II Mazowieckie. He invested in the Magdeburg Law of Słupca and Śródka (which was part of the Poznań conurbation) and several villages. He also tried several times to sort out tithing in the diocese. The Gniezno cathedral gave a codex, including the decrees of Gregory IX, which is still in its collections written down on parchment.
The exact date of death is not known, but the document from 17 June 1297 still has his name, while on 20 December that year Andrzej Zaremba sat on the bishop's throne.

</doc>
<doc id="56593811" url="?curid=56593811" title="Swabian College of Imperial Counts">
Swabian College of Imperial Counts

The Swabian College of Imperial Counts (German: "schwäbisches Reichsgrafenkollegium" or "schwäbische Reichsgrafenbank") was the gathering of the Imperial Counts and Imperial Lords of Swabia to safeguard their interests in the Imperial Diet, especially at its Imperial Council and in the Circle of Swabia.
History.
The College was a development of various earlier bodies in the area, such as the 1407 Sankt Jörgenschild 'Knights' Society' ("Rittergesellschaft") and the 1488 Swabian League. At the end of the 15th century, a College of Imperial Counts was a body intended to represent the interests of nobles of the status of count and below in the Holy Roman Empire. Initially Swabia was covered by the Wetterau College of Imperial Counts, since from 1495 Wetterau and Swabia both laid claim to a single vote at the Imperial Diet. It took until 1524 for the Holy Roman Emperor to firmly commit to a curial vote for the Imperial Counts of Swabia.
The Imperial Counts of Swabia had a permanent delegation to the Diet from 1549 onwards - their envoys also represented the Frankish Imperial Counts until 1641, when they formed their own College of Imperial Counts. In 1579 the Wetterau and Swabian Colleges created the Dinkelsbühler Union, by which they internally resolved disputes between them without resorting to war and supported each other against other imperial estates.
The Swabian College held regular meetings from 1533 onwards, but these were interrupted between 1630 and 1645 by the Thirty Years' War. The Colleges and Union were both dissolved along with the Empire itself in 1806.
Organisation.
It was headed by two directors, known as 'Grafenhauptmänner'. Below them were adjuncts as well as other officials. Without their consent no council of counts could be summoned and the directors had to seek their advice on important issues. Together with a syndic, these officials and the directors formed the Collegiate Council. All of the officials were elected for an unlimited term and later for life.
As a rule, the College's meetings took place at the same time as those of the Circle of Swabia. The heads of the member territories had the right to vote, but when a line went extinct it lost its voting rights. Initially the counts had to attend in person, but later they were allowed to send representatives. Only a simple majority was needed until 1613, when it was changed to a two-thirds majority.
Directly holding an Imperial County was usually a prerequisite of membership, though from the mid 16th century onwards there were exceptions, such as 'realists' (i.e. those who held a territory actually but not directly), 'personalists' (those who had the status but not the territory) and those who had temporarily or permanently renounced possession of a territory. The College formed the 'Grafenbank' in the Swabian Circle Assembly, number 98 in the ordering of the Reichsfürstenrat. All its members (except Baden, added in 1747) were Catholics and so all belonged to the Corpus Catholicorum within the Diet.

</doc>
<doc id="56593814" url="?curid=56593814" title="Jharkhandi cinema">
Jharkhandi cinema


</doc>
<doc id="56593820" url="?curid=56593820" title="Nadia Afrin Mim">
Nadia Afrin Mim

Nadia Afrin Mim is a Bangladeshi actress and model, who was the winner of Lux Channel I Superstar television reality show that was held in 2014.
Career.
Mim started her career with various television dramas and advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="56593821" url="?curid=56593821" title="Swabian Imperial College of Counts">
Swabian Imperial College of Counts


</doc>
<doc id="56593822" url="?curid=56593822" title="Eleni Glykatzi-Arveler">
Eleni Glykatzi-Arveler


</doc>
<doc id="56593823" url="?curid=56593823" title="Timor-Leste at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games">
Timor-Leste at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games


</doc>
<doc id="56593826" url="?curid=56593826" title="Karl-Richard Idlane">
Karl-Richard Idlane

Karl-Richard Idlane was an Estonian professional footballer who played as a midfielder for the Estonian national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="56593830" url="?curid=56593830" title="Herbie Rich">
Herbie Rich

Herbie Rich was a multi-instrumentalist from Omaha, Nebraska, who was a member of The New Breed, The Electric Flag, and the Buddy Miles Express. He also played with Jimi Hendrix, Mike Bloomfield and others.
Career.
In the 1950s, Rich was a member of The 7-Wonders, a group which included his family members. Around 1964, he formed the Omaha group, The New Breed. Members included Stemsy Hunter, Hoshal Wright, Jerry Bennett, Hank Redd and Curly Martin and Jerry Bennett.
The Electric Flag.
Mike Bloomfield once said of Herbie Rich that he plays keyboard like Jimi Hendrix plays guitar. Another member of The Flag, Peter Strazza referred to Rich as a monster, an unbelievable musician who could play any instrument.
Having been a member of The Electric Flag since joining in 1967, Rich had been with the band from its early days. Mike Bloomfield had added the baritone saxophonist in time for their show at the Monterey Pop Festival. Rich was part of the band's horn section that included Marcus Doubleday and Peter Strazza. Michael Fonfara had replaced the organist Barry Goldberg who had left in early December 1968. When Fonfara got Busted for drugs, Rich took over as the band's organist. He had a dual role, playing both saxophone and organ until Stemsy Hunter came on board in the beginning of 1968 Rich had really been brought into the band as a sax player and to increase the breadth or the horn section. Now playing organ, Bloomfield got to hear how good he really was. And he was very impressed. Rich had a liking for Jazz and a soulful sound which to a degree had an effect on where the band was heading.
An incident took place after the band did a one night show in Detroit. Peter Strazza had tried to make a drug deal in his room. This resulted in Rich and Stemsy Hunter being up and robbed by the drug dealers, who had also taken Strazza hostage. Unwise to what was taking place, Buddy Miles and Mike Bloomfield who were in another room, slept through the whole event. In addition to Rich and Hunter having their money stolen, the band's clothes were stolen, the dealers even stole Rich's wig.
By March 1968, the Flag had released "A Long Time Comin"'. In addition to both baritone and tenor sax, Rich had contributed some vocals and guitar to the album.
In late 1968, "An American Music Band" was released on Columbia CS 9714. Mike Bloomfield was not featured on the album as he had left in May 1968. Rich played an active part on the album. His organ solos can be heard on "Hey, Little Girl", and their rendition of Bobby Hebb's "Sunny" with Buddy Miles on vocals. Rich also did the sax solo and sang lead on a song called "Qualified". He also did the sax solo for " My Woman That Hangs Around The House" and did the horn arrangements for " Mystery".
The Buddy Miles Express.
After the Electric Flag broke up, Buddy Miles formed The Buddy Miles Express. Rich was one of the four ex-Flag members of the group that joined Miles's new band. In addition to Miles and Rich, the group included his brother Billy Rich on bass, Jimmy McCarty on lead guitar, who was formerly with Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels, Terence Clements on tenor sax, and Virgil Gonsales on baritone sax.
Rich played organ on The Buddy Miles Express debut album, "Expressway to your Skull" which was released in 1968. He also played some sax and co-wrote two songs, "Spot On The Wall" and "Train". A short review on the album in the November, 30 issue of "Billboard", singled out those two songs as the ones that would give the fuel for the album's quick rise to the charts etc. "Train" Part 1 bw "Train" Part 2 was released as a single on Mercury 72860.
Jimi Hendrix.
On March 17, 1968, Rich got to play with Jimi Hendrix when Hendrix was invited to Jam with Butterfield on stage at the Café Au Go Go in New York. Rich was playing organ. Other musicians present were Harvey Brooks on bass, Phil Wilson and Buddy Miles on drums, and James Tatum on sax.
Rich would play with the Jimi Hendrix Experience. One live show was at Winterland in San Francisco on October 11, 1968. He joined the group on its cover of Bob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone". According to review Alan Bershaw, the presence of Rich sent Hendrix into new areas. Rich played on other songs like "Lover Man", Hey Joe", "Fire" and "Foxy Lady". Carter Shelter of "Paste" in his May 15, 2017 article, noted his organ playing on "Fire" adding a new dynamic to the song.
Later years.
Rich became involved in the ministry with his wife Hilda who he had married in 1989. They would take their message to places like large malls around Atlanta, to schools and nursing homes. They also visited homeless shelters and halfway houses.
Rich died in Mableton, Georgia on May 12, 2004, at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="56593842" url="?curid=56593842" title="Royal Terrace, Edinburgh">
Royal Terrace, Edinburgh

Royal Terrace is a grand street in the city of Edinburgh, Scotland, on the north side of Calton Hill within the New Town and part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site inscribed in 1995, built on the south side of a setted street, facing the sloping banks of London Road Gardens, formerly Royal Terrace Gardens, with views looking north towards Leith and the Firth of Forth.
Showpiece of the Eastern New Town.
William Henry Playfair designed Royal Terrace between 1820 and 1824. Together with the adjoining Carlton and Regent Terraces, the three streets are in a continuous line, cut only by Carlton Terrace Lane giving access to mews, leading around the eastern end of Calton Hill and surrounding Regent Gardens, the largest of the private gardens of the New Town. These streets, with Royal Terrace the grandest, were the showpiece of Playfair's conception for the Eastern New Town, intended to be grander than James Craig's original development. The streets were named in connection with the visit to Edinburgh of George IV in 1822 . The extension was projected to reach from Calton Hill down towards Leith, although ultimately very little of the northern section was ever built.
Architecture.
Royal Terrace is in the form of an extended, 121-bay 'palace front' of classical 3-bay (and one 4-bay) townhouses. Playfair's original drawings are held by Edinburgh University, including plans for the whole facade as well as individual sections. The houses are now all category A listed buildings.
The design of the townhouses is unlike those in neighbouring streets. Door entrances and windows on the ground floor are arched and surrounded by V-chamfered rusticated stone work. Ten of the houses still have their original fanlights. The upper floors throughout are of polished ashlar stone with basements of droved ashlar. The houses are of two or three storeys with attics to the colonnaded sections.
The long symmetrical facade alternates between colonnaded and un-colonnaded sections, from east to west, as follows: 
Construction.
Playfair hoped to attract "fashionable and wealthy people" to Calton Hill, but almost immediately he encountered competition from new developments to the western end of the New Town, in particular the Moray Estate. 
In contrast to Regent and Carlton Terraces, which were rapidly completed in the 1830s, the building in Royal Terrace stretched over 40 years. The first house to be completed was number 40 at the east end of the terrace, which was built in 1821–1822, and this was followed by the sections containing numbers 4 to 14, 23 to 29 and 35 to 39, which were all finished between 1823 and the early 1830s. 
The gaps in the facade were not filled until the 1850s and 1860s. The section from 31 to 34 dates from around 1854 to 1859. Numbers 1 and 2 were built in 1857, and number 3 in 1859. The section from 16 to 22 was built in the early 1860s, with number 15 also dating from that decade.
Length and 'Whisky row'.
Royal Terrace is a continuous straight structure of about 360 metres, reputedly the longest Georgian terrace in Europe. It is 30 metres longer than the Royal York Crescent (1791–1820) in Clifton, Bristol. The Moray Estate claim a single built-up environment of nearly 600 metres, but unlike Royal Terrace, this is a series of unbroken streets rather than a single entity.
Royal Terrace was known in Edinburgh as 'Whisky Row', supposedly because merchants living there had an unobstructed view of their ships coming into Leith Harbour. In fact, some wine merchants did come to live in the terrace, including John Crabbie (1806–1891), founder of John Crabbie &amp; Company, responsible for Crabbie's Ginger Wine, who lived in number 22 from 1861 to 1891.
Present use.
The terrace is now in both commercial and residential use. This includes six hotels, including the Crowne Plaza that occupies the central colonnaded section (numbers 17 to 22), 24 Royal Terrace – a boutique art hotel, a restaurant, the Finnish Consulate, the Ukrainian Community Centre, offices, including those of the Scottish Chamber Orchestra and the arts-supporting Dunard Fund, and rental accommodation. Most of the former townhouses have been split into flats.

</doc>
<doc id="56593843" url="?curid=56593843" title="Eduard Jõepere">
Eduard Jõepere

Eduard Jõepere was an Estonian professional footballer who played as a forward for the Estonian national football team.
Career.
Jõepere debuted for the Estonian national team in 1921 in a match against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="56593846" url="?curid=56593846" title="Mongol irredentism">
Mongol irredentism


</doc>
<doc id="56593848" url="?curid=56593848" title="Datex2">
Datex2


</doc>
<doc id="56593850" url="?curid=56593850" title="Jan III (biskup poznański)">
Jan III (biskup poznański)


</doc>
<doc id="56593853" url="?curid=56593853" title="KARQ (disambiguation)">
KARQ (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56593860" url="?curid=56593860" title="Tanishk-Vayu">
Tanishk-Vayu

Tanishk-Vayu is a duo of Indian composer Tanishk Bagchi and lyricist Vayu Shrivastav, who also act as a composer duo. They together composed for films like "Tanu Weds Manu Returns"(2015), "Bareilly Ki Barfi" (2017), "Tumhari Sulu"(2017), "Shubh Mangal Saavdhan"(2017), "Munna Michael"(2017), "Gold"(2018), "Mitron"(2018), "Dil Juunglee"(2018), "Badhaai Ho"(2018), "Shubh Mangal Zyada Saavdhan"(2020)etc. The duo also composed the Pepsi Anthem of 2020 named "Swag Se Solo".

</doc>
<doc id="56593874" url="?curid=56593874" title="Timor-Leste at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games">
Timor-Leste at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games


</doc>
<doc id="56593877" url="?curid=56593877" title="Johann Fugger the Elder">
Johann Fugger the Elder

Johann Fugger the Elder or Hans Fugger (1 June 1583 - 28 April 1633, Telfs) was a German businessman, landowner and noble of the Fugger family. He was Lord of Schloss Babenhausen and Boos.
He was one of the sons of Jakob III. Fugger and his wife Anna Ilsung. After his father's death in 1598 he managed the lordships of Babenhausen and Boos among others. The Fugger lordships were divided up in 1620 and exchanged among the family shortly afterwards. Johann became lord of Boos whilst his brother Maximilian (1587–1629) became lord of Babenhausen, Johann Herr zu Boos.
Marriage and issue.
In 1605 he married Marie Eleonore, Countess of Hohenzollern (1586-1668), daughter of Charles II, Count of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen by his first wife. Johann and Marie Eleonore had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="56593886" url="?curid=56593886" title="Ancient graves in Wahi Pandhi">
Ancient graves in Wahi Pandhi

The Ancient Graves are situated near Wahi Pandhi, Johi tehsil, Dadu District, Sindh, Pakistan, on the top of the hills near foothills of Kirthar Mountains Range. These columned graves are constructed with large slabs of stone on ground surface. The graves are open from northern and southern sides. The western and eastern sides of graves are constructed with stone slabs and also the graves are covered from upper side with slabs. The carpse were placed on ground surface in the graves. The bones can be observed in columned graves on ground surfaces in graves. Due to inscribed word "Behdin" on stone of one grave, it is believed that these ancient graves belonged to Zoroastrians. The word behdin means the good religion which is related to Zoroastrianism.
History.
Two Burial places of the ancient graves in Wahi Pandhi are sited along both banks of Narri or Nalli hilly torrent are locally called roman’s graves. Both necropolises can be counted of different periods. The awning of Smail Fakir is the sole monument of the desert of Kachho which is constructed with heavy carved pillars without any material. The Ceiling stones of the canopy are expertly engraved with gorgeous Sun-like structure. The graves are built with yellowish stone blocks. It seems no any material was used for fitting stone slabs together with. Many memorial names and other inscriptions are inscribed on stones to be belied in Kufi or Persian language script. It is believed that these belong to the invading period of Alexander the Great and some scholars are of the opinion that these ancient graves belong to Baloch tribe but question arises that which Baloch tribe had tradition to keep corpse in open or columned graves with carved stone slabs. Bherumal Maharchan Adwani considers the graves of Zoroastrians. In Sindh, invasion of Persia Iran can be traced from Daruish-1. In 637 AD, during the battle of Qadisia, the Muslims invaded Persia. The Zoroastrians were called Gabrs in the reflection Gabr, the Zoroastrians called themselves Behdin or Bahadin. Many Gabr or Gabar as well Givar Bands are constructed near hilly torrents for collecting waters in Kirthar Mountains Range which indicate to Zoroastrians. Zoroastrians or Parsis still live in Pakistan and India. History reveals that Zoroastrians or Parsis migrated from Iran to Punjab, Pakistan and Sindh, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="56593890" url="?curid=56593890" title="Ernst Joll">
Ernst Joll

Ernst Joll (10 September 1902 – 4 March 1935) was an Estonian professional journalist and footballer who played as a winger for the Estonian national football team.
Career.
For the Estonian national football team, he played 23 games and scored 4 goals. He took part in the 1924 Olympic Games Football Tournament. He created the goal in Finland in the first winning football match against Finland on September 30, 1923. He worked, in 1921 as a sports reporter and since 1925 as a sports editor. Joll was buried at the Rahumäe Jaan Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56593895" url="?curid=56593895" title="Vladimir Polyakov (disambiguation)">
Vladimir Polyakov (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56593896" url="?curid=56593896" title="2018 10m European Shooting Championship">
2018 10m European Shooting Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56593911" url="?curid=56593911" title="Timor-Leste at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games">
Timor-Leste at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games


</doc>
<doc id="56593916" url="?curid=56593916" title="Genista raetam">
Genista raetam


</doc>
<doc id="56593923" url="?curid=56593923" title="Timor-Leste at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games">
Timor-Leste at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games


</doc>
<doc id="56593931" url="?curid=56593931" title="Alfei Jürgenson">
Alfei Jürgenson

Alfei Jürgenson (8 April 1904 – 22 August 1947) was an Estonian professional footballer who played as a striker for the Estonian national football team.
Career.
He participated in the 1924 Paris Olympic Games with the Estonian football team. In 1924 until 1930, he played for JK Tallinn and played four games for Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="56593934" url="?curid=56593934" title="Timor-Leste at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games">
Timor-Leste at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games


</doc>
<doc id="56593940" url="?curid=56593940" title="Film University (disambiguation)">
Film University (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56593946" url="?curid=56593946" title="Nachdi Phira">
Nachdi Phira

Nachdi Phira is a Hindi song from the 2017 Bollywood musical drama "Secret Superstar". The song was composed by Amit Trivedi, with lyrics by Kausar Munir and vocals by Meghna Mishra. The full song was released, along with the film's soundtrack on 21 September 2017, while the music video was released on 1 October 2017. Trivedi, Munir and Mishra each received nominations for Best Music, Best Lyrics and Best Female Playback Singer respectively at the 63rd Filmfare Awards, with Mishra winning in her category. The song was picked as one of the best Hindi songs of 2017 by an online portal. 
Cantonese Version.
For the film's Hong Kong release, a Cantonese version has been sung by Cantopop star Kay Tse. The Cantonese version of the song is entitled "Ko Sing Yue Cho" and was released digitally on 11 April 2018. 

</doc>
<doc id="56593948" url="?curid=56593948" title="Timor-Leste at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593958" url="?curid=56593958" title="Timor-Leste at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593961" url="?curid=56593961" title="Wurtz Homestead">
Wurtz Homestead

The Wurtz Homestead, located on North Fork Road, north of Ford in the Flathead National Forest, near Polebridge, Montana, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included three contributing buildings. It is located in the valley of the North Fork Flathead River, just south of the Canada border.
Included are:
A garage (1954) and a sauna (1970s) are deemed non-contributing.

</doc>
<doc id="56593962" url="?curid=56593962" title="Abhijith P. S. Nair">
Abhijith P. S. Nair

Abhijith P. S. Nair (born 18 October 1991) is an Indian violinist, arranger and composer. He is known for his instrumental video projects. He has done many musical shows and flash mobs in India and abroad.
Early life.
Abhijith was born in Vaikom, Kerala. His father P. Sasikumaran Nair was a Malayalam teacher, while his mother M. Santhakumari was a Sanskrit teacher. Abhijith was introduced to Carnatic music and other styles at age 13 and has studied Indian classical violin since he turned 15. His brother Jyothish P. S., a music lover and promoter, produced most of his music videos.
Performing career.
Abhijith started doing A. R. Rahman covers and flash mobs exclusively filled with Rahman songs. He became acquainted with folk and classical styles and began performing onstage improvisations. His fusion violin shows and albums gained him popularity.
He has performed with various artists including Dr. K. J. Yesudas, Hariharan, Shankar Mahadevan, Sivamani, Mandolin U. Rajesh, Mattannoor Sankarankutty Marar, Stephen Devassy, Senri Kawaguchi and Mohini Dey. For his first international instrumental jazz fusion album "Saraswati At Montreux", he collaborated with drummer Dave Weckl. Abhijith is the worldwide ambassador of cantini violin.
At age 18 he entered the Malayalam film industry in the film "Akashangalil" directed by Rixon Xavier; Abhijith was accompanied with Avial.

</doc>
<doc id="56593967" url="?curid=56593967" title="Timor-Leste at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics">
Timor-Leste at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56593974" url="?curid=56593974" title="Battle of Kalamata">
Battle of Kalamata


</doc>
<doc id="56593983" url="?curid=56593983" title="Timor-Leste at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics">
Timor-Leste at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics


</doc>
<doc id="56593989" url="?curid=56593989" title="Liscomb Sanctuary">
Liscomb Sanctuary


</doc>
<doc id="56593998" url="?curid=56593998" title="Timor-Leste at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics">
Timor-Leste at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics


</doc>
<doc id="56594004" url="?curid=56594004" title="Sant'Agata dei Goti">
Sant'Agata dei Goti


</doc>
<doc id="56594006" url="?curid=56594006" title="Main Kaun Hoon">
Main Kaun Hoon

Main Kaun Hoon is a Hindi song from 2017 film "Secret Superstar". Meghna Mishra won Film of India Online Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the song and nominated for Screen Awards. It is written by Kausar Munir and composed by Amit Trivedi with Aamir Khan. The song was released as a single on 23 August 2017 and the music video was released on 25 August. Both were nominated for Screen Awards. The song was picked as one of the best Hindi songs of 2017 by an online portal.
For the film's China release, a Mandarin Chinese version of the song was released on 17 January 2018, and sung by actor-singer Huang Bo. He was previously Aamir Khan's voice actor for the Mandarin dub of "3 Idiots".

</doc>
<doc id="56594012" url="?curid=56594012" title="Marco Janković">
Marco Janković


</doc>
<doc id="56594014" url="?curid=56594014" title="Janno Jürisson">
Janno Jürisson

Janno Jürisson (born 6 October 1980) is a former Estonian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="56594018" url="?curid=56594018" title="Forest therapy">
Forest therapy


</doc>
<doc id="56594027" url="?curid=56594027" title="Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operation/Air)">
Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operation/Air)


</doc>
<doc id="56594034" url="?curid=56594034" title="Leoni Wiring Systems Southeast">
Leoni Wiring Systems Southeast


</doc>
<doc id="56594039" url="?curid=56594039" title="Feu follet">
Feu follet


</doc>
<doc id="56594043" url="?curid=56594043" title="Jan IV of Kępa">
Jan IV of Kępa

Jan of the Lodz coat of arms (died on 14 April 1346) was bishop of Poznań and author of sequences and antiphon.
Biography.
He was born as the son of the wielding Sędziwoja knight.
On the pages of history, he appears for the first time in 1319, when as the chancellor of the Poznań bishop he joined the delegation appointed by the papal judges, who was to hand the lawsuit against the Teutonic Knights on the trial between Poland and the Order on Gdańsk Pomerania. It is known that during this process he participated in the meetings of the court in Inowrocław and Brześć Kujawski. He was also included in the judgment of 1321 ending this trial as one of the witnesses. In the same period he received the post of Archdeacon of Poznań. In 1331 he was almost killed during the Teutonic military expedition to Greater Poland, when the Order's troops captured the Słupca.
In 1335 he received the dignity of the bishop of Poznań. As a new bishop, together with Janisław I, Archbishop of Gniezno, he challenged the Order to the Roman Curia. During the trial in 1339, which took place in Warsaw between the Order and Poland, the defendant as a witness issued both a negative opinion on the rule of Władysław Łokietek in Pomerania and on the crimes committed by the Teutonic Order. He gave up his claims, like the rest of the bishops, in 1343 at the conclusion of the Kalisz peace. In 1344, he started the reconstruction of the Poznań cathedral in the Gothic style. He died on 14 April 1346 and was buried in the cathedral.
Creativity.
Several hymns have been written to our times in honor of the Mother of God and saints. Presumably, he also composed an inscription beginning with the words of Hic iacet in Tumb, engraved on the grave of Bolesław the Brave founded by one of his predecessors on the episcopal throne, Bogufała II. According to the accounts, Bishop Jan was also a musician playing the zither.
Name.
Sometimes it is called Jan of Kępa after Jan Długosz, although it is probably a chronicler's mistake, because in the 14th century Kępa belonged to the Dolivs.

</doc>
<doc id="56594048" url="?curid=56594048" title="Ettori">
Ettori

Ettori is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56594049" url="?curid=56594049" title="2018 Jammu attack">
2018 Jammu attack


</doc>
<doc id="56594050" url="?curid=56594050" title="Ettori (disambiguation)">
Ettori (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56594056" url="?curid=56594056" title="Lawrence Ein">
Lawrence Ein

Lawrence Man Hou Ein (born 18 November 1955) is a mathematician who works in algebraic geometry.
Education and career.
Lawrence Ein received in 1976 his bachelor's degree from UCLA and in 1981 his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley under the direction of Robin Hartshorne with thesis "Stable vector bundles on projective spaces in" char "p &gt; 0" (which was published in "Mathematische Annalen").
For the academic year 1981–1982 he was an American Mathematical Society Postdoctoral Research Fellow at the Institute for Advanced Study. From 1982 to 1984 he was a C.L.E. Moore Instructor at MIT. He became from 1984 to 1987 an assistant professor, from 1987 to 1989 an associate professor, and from 1989 to the present a full professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He has been a visiting professor at the University of Hong Kong, UCLA, the University of Michigan, Harvard University, the University of Nancy, and the MSRI in Berkeley.
Ein has served on the editorial boards of the Transactions and Memoirs of the American Mathematical Society from 1995 to 2003, Communications in Algebra from 1995 to the present, Geometriae Dedicata from 2004 to 2013, and Serdica Mathematical Journal from 2004 to the present.
Ein was a Sloan Fellow from 1986 to 1989. He was an Invited Speaker of the ICM in 2006 in Madrid. He was elected a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56594065" url="?curid=56594065" title="Dyothelite">
Dyothelite


</doc>
<doc id="56594068" url="?curid=56594068" title="Fabio Marozzi">
Fabio Marozzi

Fabio Norberto Marozzi (born 26 June 1967) is an Argentinian retired footballer of Italian descent who played primarily as forward.
Club career.
Born in Buenos Aires, Marozzi began his career at Club Almirante Brown. In 1988 he had a short spell with Peruvian top-flight club Alianza Atlético. In 1989–90 season he competet in Argentine Primera División playing for Instituto de Cordoba. In 1990 he played for Villa Dálmine (Primera B Nacional). In the summer of 1990 he joined Polish I liga site Śląsk Wrocław., becoming first foreign player in club's history. He made his league debut in 2–1 win against Zagłębie Sosnowiec on 20 October 1990, scoring a goal. Representing the club for 1,5 years Marozzi made 14 league appearances and scored 2 goals. After leaving Śląsk he withdrew from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="56594069" url="?curid=56594069" title="List of UK top-ten singles in 1956">
List of UK top-ten singles in 1956

The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom. Before 2004, the chart was only based on the sales of physical singles. This list shows singles that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 1956, as well as singles which peaked in 1955 and 1957 but were in the top 10 in 1956. The entry date is when the single appeared in the top 10 for the first time (week ending, as published by the Official Charts Company, which is six days after the chart is announced).
Eighty-four singles were in the top ten in 1956. Eight singles from 1955 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year, while "Make It a Party" by Winifred Atwell, "Singing the Blues" by Guy Mitchell and "True Love" by Bing Crosby &amp; Grace Kelly were all released in 1956 but did not reach their peak until 1957. "Meet Me on the Corner" by Max Bygraves, "Suddenly There's a Valley" by Petula Clark and "Twenty Tiny Fingers" by The Stargazers were the singles from 1955 to reach their peak in 1956. Eighteen artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1956. Elvis Presley, Frankie Vaughan and Lonnie Donegan were among the many artists who achieved their first UK charting top 10 single in 1956.
The 1955 Christmas number-one, "Christmas Alphabet" by Dickie Valentine, remained at number-one for the first week of 1956. The first new number-one single of the year was "Sixteen Tons" by Tennessee Ernie Ford. Overall, eleven different singles peaked at number-one in 1956, with eleven unique artists having the most singles hit that position.
Background.
Multiple entries.
Eighty-four singles charted in the top 10 in 1956, with seventy-nine singles reaching their peak this year. The EP "All Star Hit Parade" consisted of six songs by different artists who are all credited for the individual songs but only counts as one entry in the table. Fourteen songs were recorded by several artists with each version reaching the top 10:
Eighteen artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1956. Bill Haley &amp; His Comets secured the record for most top 10 hits in 1956 with six hit singles. 
Ronnie Hilton was one of a number of artists with two top-ten entries, including the number-one single "No Other Love". David Whitfield, Frank Sinatra, Jimmy Young, Perry Como and Tennessee Ernie Ford were among the other artists who had multiple top 10 entries in 1956.
Chart debuts.
Thirty-six artists achieved their first top 10 single in 1956, either as a lead or featured artist. Of these, three went on to record another hit single that year: Dave King, The Goons and The Platters. Lonnie Donegan achieved two more chart hits in 1956. Elvis Presley had three other entries in his breakthrough year.
The following table (collapsed on desktop site) does not include acts who had previously charted as part of a group and secured their first top 10 solo single. 
The EP "All Star Hit Parade", which peaked at number two in July, featured the following songs: "Out of Town" by Dickie Valentine; "My September Love" by Joan Regan; "Theme from "The Threepenny Opera"" by Winifred Atwell; "No Other Love" by Dave King; "A Tear Fell" by Lita Roza and "It's Almost Tomorrow" by David Whitfield. Dave King was the only artist from this set who had not recorded a top 10 single until this year but he appeared in the chart earlier in the year with "Memories Are Made of This", a number five entry in March.
Songs from films.
Original songs from various films entered the top 10 throughout the year. These included "Rock-A-Beatin' Boogie", "Only You (And You Alone)" &amp; "The Great Pretender" (The Platters versions), "See You Later, Alligator" and "Giddy Up a Ding Dong" (all from "Rock Around the Clock"), "(Love Is) The Tender Trap" ("The Tender Trap"), "The Main Title Theme from "The Man with the Golden Arm"("The Man with the Golden Arm"), "Moonglow and Theme from "Picnic"" ("Picnic"), "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)" ("The Man Who Knew Too Much"), "A Woman in Love" ("Guys and Dolls"), "Rip It Up" ("Don't Knock the Rock") and "True Love" ("High Society") . 
Additionally, several versions of The Ballad of Davy Crockett entered the chart as part of the "Crockett craze", inspired by the 1955 Disney film "Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier". Elvis Presley re-recorded his song "Blue Suede Shoes" for the 1960 film he starred in, "G.I. Blues". "Hound Dog" was first recorded by Bill Haley &amp; His Comets and featured in "Rock Around the Clock", but Elvis Presley took the song into the top ten. Mel Torme's "Mountain Greenery" was a cover of a song that appeared in the 1948 film "Words and Music". "My Prayer" by The Platters was originally recorded by Vera Lynn for the 1944 film "One Exciting Night".
Best-selling singles.
Until 1970 there was no universally recognised year-end best-sellers list. However in 2011 the Official Charts Company released a list of the best-selling single of each year in chart history from 1952 to date. According to the list, "I'll Be Home" by Pat Boone is officially recorded as the biggest-selling single of 1956. 
Entries by artist.
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 1956, including singles that reached their peak in 1955 or 1957. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 1956 is also shown.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="56594073" url="?curid=56594073" title="Scatcherd">
Scatcherd

Scatcherd is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56594076" url="?curid=56594076" title="Im Na-Yeon">
Im Na-Yeon


</doc>
<doc id="56594081" url="?curid=56594081" title="1960 earthquake in Chile">
1960 earthquake in Chile


</doc>
<doc id="56594088" url="?curid=56594088" title="Emma (wrestler)">
Emma (wrestler)


</doc>
<doc id="56594096" url="?curid=56594096" title="Sormano 2 Observatory">
Sormano 2 Observatory


</doc>
<doc id="56594097" url="?curid=56594097" title="BEZ-235">
BEZ-235


</doc>
<doc id="56594102" url="?curid=56594102" title="Brent Pry">
Brent Pry

Brent Pry (born April 1, 1970), is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the defensive coordinator and linebackers coach for the Penn State Nittany Lions. He played college football for the Buffalo Bulls.
Early life.
Brent was born in Altoona, Pennsylvania, the son of Altoona High graduates Jim and Kathy Pry. His father played college football at Marshall and is a long-time college coach. Brent a 1988 graduate of Lexington High in Lexington, Va., was an all-region quarterback and defensive back.
College playing career.
Brent started his college career as a free safety at Division III, Maryville College in 1988, he later transferred to the Division III, University of Buffalo where he lettered in 1990. Suffering a career-ending injury in 1991, he returned as a student coach for the 1992 season.
Coaching career.
Early coaching career.
Brent began his coaching career in 1993 as the outside linebacker and defensive backs coach for the NCAA Division II, East Stroudsburg Warriors. Pry spent two seasons with the Warriors where his father Jim, served as the offensive coordinator and mentored future Penn State head coach and All-PSAC quarterback James Franklin. From 1995 to 1997 Pry served as a graduate assistant with Virginia Tech under defensive coordinator Bud Foster, where he helped the Hokies to three bowl games. Pry spent his next four seasons at FCS Western Carolina University. He coached the defensive line in 1998 and 1999, and defensive backs and special teams in 2000 and 2001. He also served as the Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA) liaison. Serving as the defensive coordinator at Louisiana-Lafayette from 2002 to 2006, helping the Ragin' Cajuns to their first Sun Belt Conference championship in 2005. As the defensive line coach for the Memphis Tigers from 2007 to 2009, he molded a defensive line in 2008 into one of the Conference USA's best.
Georgia Southern.
While serving as defensive coordinator at Georgia Southern in 2010, the Eagles finished ninth in total defense (286.93), 11th in scoring defense (18.47) and 11th in passing defense (159.93). His defensive unit helped the Eagles to a 10-5 overall record, that included a win over No. 1 Appalachian State and an appearance in the NCAA FCS semifinals. It also included a 31–15 victory over William &amp; Mary in the second round of playoffs, that pitted Pry against future coaching mates Bob Shoop (DC) and David Corley Jr.(QBs).
Penn State.
For his efforts, Pry was a finalist for 2014 Football Scoop's Linebackers Coach of the Year. He helped Mike Hull earn the Big Ten Butkus-Fitzgerald Award, given to the conference's best linebacker and eight All-America honors in 2014. Hull's 140 tackles ranked 7th in the country, led the Big Ten Conference, and tied for fourth-most for a Nittany Lion in a single season.
After the departure of defensive coordinator Bob Shoop, Pry was promoted to associate head coach and defensive coordinator on January 10, 2016.
In 2017, the defense finished the regular season seventh in the nation and second in the Big Ten in scoring defense, averaging 15.5 points per game. Pry's defense also finished with a pair of shutout victories and only allowed more than 20 points in a game just three times. Seven times he saw his defense hold opponents scoreless in at least one half the game (Akron, Georgia State, Indiana, Northwestern, Michigan, Rutgers, Maryland). Penn State finished with an 11–2 record capped off by a Fiesta Bowl victory over the Washington Huskies. Three players were selected from the defense in the 2018 NFL Draft, safety Troy Apke in the fourth round (109th overall), safety Marcus Allen in the fifth round (148th overall) and cornerback Christian Campbell was selected by the Arizona Cardinals in the sixth round (182nd overall).
In 2018, Pry's defense lead the country in sacks per game with 3.62 and finished fourth in tackles for loss with 8.2. The Penn State secondary had one of its best seasons since 2014, finishing the season with 13 interceptions and allowing a 53.6 completion rate. The Nittany Lions also held three opponents to 60 or less yards through the air, this was the first time PSU had accomplished this feat since the 1976 season. Cornerback Amani Oruwariye and defensive end Yetur Gross-Matos made the All-Big Ten first team. Six additional players, from the defense, received all-conference recognition. Defensive end Shareef Miller, cornerback Amani Oruwariye and safety Nick Scott were selected in the 2019 NFL Draft.
In 2019, the Penn State defense finished the season ranked eighth nationally in scoring defense (16.0ppg), fifth nationally in rushing defense (95 ypg), first nationally in forced fumbles (22) and seventh nationally with 3.46 sacks per game (45 total). Linebacker Micah Parsons was named the Big Ten Butkus–Fitzgerald Linebacker of the Year and a consensus All-American. Parsons and Defensive End Yetur Gross-Matos received first team All-Big Ten honors. Gross-Matos was selected by the Carolina Panthers with the 38th overall pick in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56594103" url="?curid=56594103" title="Jean-Baptiste-Claude Sené">
Jean-Baptiste-Claude Sené

Jean-Baptiste-Claude Séne (1747-1803) was a French furniture maker in the 18th century, primarily during the reign of Louis XVI. He came from a noted family of "menuisiers", or furniture craftsmen. cabinet makers. His grandfather Jean established a workshop, which was inherited by his father Claude I (1724-1792), who earned the title of a master craftsman in 1743, and made chairs and armchairs for Louis XV. Jean-Baptiste-CLaude became a master in 1769. His younger brother, Claude II (called Sené the younger), also became a master in 1769, and both made chairs for Louis XVI.
In 1785b Jean-Baptiste-Claude received the title of "fournissur" to the royal furniture depot, and made chairs, armchairs, stools, fireplace screens and beds for the Palace of Versailles. the Palace of Fontainebleau, and the Palace of Saint-Cloud. His works were prominent in the private apartments of Marie-Antoinette.

</doc>
<doc id="56594115" url="?curid=56594115" title="Nagano subway">
Nagano subway


</doc>
<doc id="56594117" url="?curid=56594117" title="List of UK top-ten singles in 1957">
List of UK top-ten singles in 1957

The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom. Before 2004, the chart was only based on the sales of physical singles. This list shows singles that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 1957, as well as singles which peaked in 1956 and 1958 but were in the top 10 in 1957. The entry date is when the single appeared in the top 10 for the first time (week ending, as published by the Official Charts Company, which is six days after the chart is announced).
Eighty singles were in the top ten in 1957. Eleven singles from 1956 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year, while "All the Way"/"Chicago" by Frank Sinatra, "Let's Have a Ball" by Winifred Atwell, "My Special Angel" by Malcolm Vaughan and "Reet Petite (The Sweetest Girl in Town)" by Jackie Wilson were all released in 1957 but did not reach their peak until 1958. "Make It a Party" by Winifred Atwell, "Singing the Blues" by Guy Mitchell and "True Love" by Bing Crosby &amp; Grace Kelly were the singles from 1956 to reach their peak in 1957. Twenty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1957. Andy Williams, The Everly Brothers, Little Richard, Paul Anka and Shirley Bassey were among the many artists who achieved their first UK charting top 10 single in 1957.
The 1956 Christmas number-one, "Just Walking in the Rain" by Johnnie Ray, remained at number-one for the first week of 1957. The first new number-one single of the year was "Singing the Blues" by Guy Mitchell. Overall, thirteen different singles peaked at number-one in 1957, with Guy Mitchell and Lonnie Donegan (2) having the joint most singles hit that position.
Background.
Multiple entries.
Eighty singles charted in the top 10 in 1957, with seventy-one singles reaching their peak this year. Six songs were recorded by several artists with each version reaching the top 10:
Twenty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1957. Elvis Presley secured the record for most top 10 hits in 1957 with seven hit singles. 
Paul Anka was one of a number of artists with two top-ten entries, including the number-one single "Diana". Bing Crosby, Malcolm Vaughan, Petula Clark, Tab Hunter and Winifred Atwell were among the other artists who had multiple top 10 entries in 1957.
Chart debuts.
Thirty-one artists achieved their first top 10 single in 1957, either as a lead or featured artist. Of these, five went on to record another hit single that year: Charlie Gracie, The Everly Brothers, Paul Anka, Tab Hunter and The Vipers Skiffle Group. Harry Belafonte, Little Richard and Tommy Steele and the Steelmen all had two other entries in their breakthrough year.
The following table (collapsed on desktop site) does not include acts who had previously charted as part of a group and secured their first top 10 solo single. 
Songs from films.
Original songs from various films entered the top 10 throughout the year. These included "The Girl Can't Help It" (from "The Girl Can't Help It"), "When I Fall in Love" ("Istanbul"), "Around the World" ("Around the World in 80 Days"), "Love Letters in the Sand" ("Bernardine"), "Island in the Sun" ("Island in the Sun"), "Tammy" ("Tammy and the Bachelor") and "All the Way" &amp; "Chicago" ("The Joker Is Wild"). 
Additionally, "Friendly Persuasion (Thee I Love)" by Pat Boone was a cover of the title track for the 1956 film "Friendly Persuasion". The original version of the song was nominated for Best Original Song at the 29th Academy Awards. Gene Autry's recording of "Blueberry Hill" - released by Fats Domino this year - had appeared in the 1941 film "The Singing Hill". "When I Fall in Love" was first introduced in the 1952 film "One Minute to Zero", when Jeri Southern had been the vocalist. "I'll Take You Home Again, Kathleen" was used in several films before 1957, including "For the Love of Mary" (1948) and "Rio Grande" (1950), prior to Slim Whitman taking it into the UK top 10.
Best-selling singles.
Until 1970 there was no universally recognised year-end best-sellers list. However in 2011 the Official Charts Company released a list of the best-selling single of each year in chart history from 1952 to date. According to the list, "Diana" by Paul Anka is officially recorded as the biggest-selling single of 1957. "Diana" (2), "Mary's Boy Child" (3) "All Shook Up" (8) and "Love Letters in the Sand" (9) all ranked in the top 10 best-selling singles of the decade.
Entries by artist.
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 1957, including singles that reached their peak in 1956 or 1958. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 1957 is also shown.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="56594124" url="?curid=56594124" title="Binnen-I">
Binnen-I

In German, a medial capital I (German: ) is a non-standard, mixed case typographic convention used to indicate gender inclusivity for nouns having to do with people, by using a capital letter 'I' inside the word ("Binnenmajuskel", literally "internal capital", i.e. camel case) surrounded by lower-case letters. An example is the word "LehrerInnen" ("teachers", both male and female). With a lower case I in that position, "Lehrerinnen" is just the standard word for "female teachers".
The "" is a non-standard solution for how to economically express a position of gender equality in one German word, with an expression that would otherwise require three words. Since English nouns (excluding pronouns) have no grammatical gender, words such as "teacher(s)", "student(s)", "professor(s)", and so on, can be used without implying the gender of the being(s) to which the noun refers. The situation in German, however, is more difficult since all nouns have one of three grammatical genders, masculine, feminine, or neuter.
When used with a noun designating a group of people, a "" indicates that the intended meaning of the word is both the feminine as well as the masculine forms, without having to write out both forms of the noun. It is formed from the feminine form of a noun containing the "-in" suffix (singular) or "-innen" suffix (plural). For example, "Lehrerinnen" (women teachers) would be written "LehrerInnen", with the meaning "(men and women) teachers," without having to write out both gender forms, or use the lexically unmarked masculine.
Other gender-inclusive typographic conventions exist in German that perform a similar function, such as the gender star.
Background.
U.S. second wave.
Part of the academic ferment in the United States in second-wave feminism in the 1970s was the attention paid to gender bias in language, including "the uncovering of the gendered nature of many linguistic rules and norms" and how the use of language could be analyzed from a feminist viewpoint. Studies showed the sexually biased use of language including "he" as a generic pronoun meaning both males and females and how this wasn't just an outgrowth of natural language evolution but in fact was enforced by prescriptivist (male) grammarians. By the 1980s and 1990s, feminist critique of language had spread to Germany and other countries.
Nouns and gender.
German has three genders: masculine, feminine, and neuter. With the exception of some relationship nouns (mother, father, daughter, etc.) that are tied to the sex of the person, the gender of a noun is arbitrary, and can be any one of the three; for example, masculine: "Knoblauch" (garlic); feminine: "Steckrübe "(turnip), "Person" (person); or neuter: "Haus" (house), "Mädchen" (girl).
In German, as to a lesser extent in English, some nouns designating people come in masculine/feminine pairs; in German they are often distinguished by an "-in" suffix in the feminine ("Schauspieler"/"Schauspielerin"), where English sometimes uses "-ess" (actor/actress). Similarly, in both languages the feminine form of such nouns is semantically marked and can only refer to a woman in each language, whereas the masculine form is unmarked and can designate either a man, if known, or an unknown person of indeterminate sex. In the plural, German generally has separate plurals for masculine and feminine ("Juristen"/"Juristinnen": male attorneys/female attorneys).
In referring to a mixed (male/female) group of people, historically one would use the generic masculine, for example, "Kollegen" (masc. pl.; "colleagues"). To make it clear that both genders are included, one would use a three word phrase with the masculine and feminine versions of the noun joined by "und" ("and"), i.e., "Kolleginnen und Kollegen" (women colleagues and male colleagues).
History.
Feminist "Sprachkritik".
At the end of the 1970s, groundbreaking work created the field of German feminist linguistics and critiqued both the inherent structure and usage of German on the one hand, and on the other, men's and women's language behavior, and concluded that German is antagonistic towards women ("frauenfeindlich"), for example, in the use of the generic masculine form when referring to mixed groups which makes women have no representation in the language, mirrors a "Man's world," and makes it seem like students, professors, employees, bosses, politicians, every group spoken about—is male, and women were invisible in the patterns of speech; and went on to say that language doesn't only mirror reality, it creates it.
The use of medial capital I in Germany in this sense dates to the 1980s, in response to activism by German feminists for orthographic changes to promote gender equality in German writing. Some of this was called "Frauendeutsch" (women's German).
It is a solution to a problem of word economy: how do you avoid saying a three-word compound, e.g., "Lehrer und Lehrerinnen" (male teachers and female teachers) when you just want to say "teachers" in German? There are four methods, of varying levels of acceptance: 
In 1990, this usage caused a kerfuffle in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia, when an official complaint was lodged by the chair of the Free Democratic Party against the Green Party, who had used some words with medial capital I in some of their parliamentary motions, saying that it was "incorrect according to the German language". The President of the Landtag responded by declaring that printed documents destined to be distributed throughout the state had to follow the official Duden language standard, until such time that the Duden accepted the capital I. The same year, the Wiesbaden Magistrate recommended the use of medial capital I for municipal office use, and prohibited the use of purely masculine terminology. The Wiesbaden women's affairs officer said that this had already been standard usage by the mayor and by some departments and agencies by 1990.
Usage and norms.
Like French, Spanish, and other languages, but unlike English, the German language has a language academy, the "Rat für deutsche Rechtschreibung" (Council for German Orthography) that watches over the language, and prescribes spelling and usage in official dictionaries and usage guides, and publishes occasional reforms to the standards like the 1996 spelling reform. The twelve-volume Duden dictionary and language reference is the officially recognized standard reference of the language, reflecting the views of the Spelling Council.
As ' is a typographic convention, it is seen in writing, and the internal capital I does not affect pronunciation of a word written with '. However, in some cases, there is an attempt to indicate the convention in pronunciation, by using a glottal stop to create a momentary pause before the 'I'.
Other methods.
Other nonstandard typographic conventions exist in German for promoting gender-inclusivity, including use of a slash, parentheses, an underscore (called the ""), or an asterisk (the "gender star").
Gender star.
The gender star is another recent, nonstandard typographic convention influenced by feminist linguistics. This convention uses an asterisk before the "–innen" suffix to perform the same function as the medial capital 'I' does for "Binnen-I". Since the asterisk resembles a star, when used for this function, the asterisk is referred to as the ; literally, "little gender star".
The gender star was put forward as an improvement on the Binnen-I, which was seen as too beholden to the gender binary, whereas the asterisk allowed other, non-binary genders to be included. It started off being used in universities, was then adopted by public administrations and other institutions, and finally ended up being officially adopted by the Green party in 2015 as a way to avoid discrimination against transgender and intersex individuals, and others. Since 2017, it is part of the official regulations of the Berlin Senate.
"Gender star" was named in 2018.
The gender star is pronounced by some people, who employ a glottal stop to mark it. (In situations other than this one, the stop sometimes occurs at the beginning of a word, and sometimes in the middle, but never before suffixes.)
Luise Pusch criticized the gender star because it fails to get rid of the "linguistic invisibility of women". It symbolizes, as do the slash or the parenthesis typographic conventions, that women are "the second choice."

</doc>
<doc id="56594126" url="?curid=56594126" title="London Masters (disambiguation)">
London Masters (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56594130" url="?curid=56594130" title="Maje (disambiguation)">
Maje (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56594131" url="?curid=56594131" title="John Ure (Lord Provost)">
John Ure (Lord Provost)

John Ure DL LLD (1824–1901) was a Scottish merchant who served as Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1880 to 1883.
Life.
He was born on 17 July 1824, the son of John Ure, a baker. The family lived at 80 Bridgegate, then a fashionable quarter.
At the age of eight, he nearly drowned in the River Clyde. He joined the family baking business in 1837 and from the mid-1840s expanded it greatly.
He became a town councillor in 1856 and became chairman of the Sanitary Department in Glasgow in 1858, appointing Glasgow's first Medical Officer of Health, William Tennant Gairdner.
In 1865, he built the large Crown Flour Mills on Washington Street. This was done to supply his existing large bakery firm with cheaper flour.
For most of his later life he lived in Helensburgh in a house commissioned from architect William Leiper in 1871. The house, "Cairndhu", was designed to look like a French chateau and contained stained glass by Daniel Cottier.
In 1880, he succeeded Sir William Collins as Lord Provost of Glasgow. During his term in office, he organised the building of the new Council buildings on George Square. On stepping down as Lord Provost he declined a knighthood from Queen Victoria, the standard "reward" for a Lord Provost, the only Lord Provost to do this in her reign.
In 1884, he became Deputy Chairman of the Clyde Navigation Trust. From 1889 to 1891, he was Lord Dean of Guild for Glasgow. He was Chairman of the Glasgow Savings Bank.
He died at his large villa "Cairndhu" in Helensburgh on 1 August 1901. He is buried in Helensburgh Cemetery.
Family.
He was married to Isabella Dibb. Their children included the politician Alexander Ure, 1st Baron Strathclyde. His three other sons ran the family bakery and flour business.
His sister Annie Ure, married the merchant-baker William Primrose, and his nephew (their son) was John Ure Primrose, who was named after him, and served as Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1902 to 1905.
His great grand-daughter was the actress Mary Ure.
Artistic Recognition.
Whilst in office as Lord Provost he was portrayed by the then young George Reid RSA, one of his earliest commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="56594134" url="?curid=56594134" title="John Ure (Lord Provost))">
John Ure (Lord Provost))


</doc>
<doc id="56594139" url="?curid=56594139" title="Word-internal capital I">
Word-internal capital I


</doc>
<doc id="56594140" url="?curid=56594140" title="Sidney Dutoit">
Sidney Dutoit


</doc>
<doc id="56594144" url="?curid=56594144" title="Sherlock Holmes (series)">
Sherlock Holmes (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56594149" url="?curid=56594149" title="William Allen McLaren">
William Allen McLaren

 
William Allen McLaren (b. 1938) is a retired Canadian engineer living (as of 2021) in southeastern British Columbia. Born and raised in Saint-Lambert, Quebec, McLaren graduated in 1960 from McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, with a Bachelor of Civil Engineering degree.
McLaren's early career involved hydrographic surveys in the Canadian arctic and the Persian Gulf before he joined the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions in 1964 as a glaciologist based in Wilkes Station in Antarctica. McLaren Ridge in Antarctica is named after him. As a result of his Antarctic researches, McLaren received a Master of Science degree from the University of Melbourne in 1968 and the Polar Medal in 1969.
McLaren was Senior Engineer and later President of Western Canada Hydraulic Laboratories, Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, from 1975 to 1991. His publications and presentations include:

</doc>
<doc id="56594157" url="?curid=56594157" title="History of the sword">
History of the sword


</doc>
<doc id="56594162" url="?curid=56594162" title="Vitor Correia da Silva">
Vitor Correia da Silva


</doc>
<doc id="56594164" url="?curid=56594164" title="2013–14 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2013–14 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2013–14 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2013–14 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594185" url="?curid=56594185" title="2012–13 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2012–13 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2012–13 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2012–13 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594192" url="?curid=56594192" title="List of UK top-ten singles in 1958">
List of UK top-ten singles in 1958

The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom. Before 2004, the chart was only based on the sales of physical singles. This list shows singles that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 1958, as well as singles which peaked in 1957 and 1959 but were in the top 10 in 1958. The entry date is when the single appeared in the top 10 for the first time (week ending, as published by the Official Charts Company, which is six days after the chart is announced).
Eighty-four singles were in the top ten in 1958. Ten singles from 1957 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year, while "Love Makes the World Go 'Round" by Perry Como, "Tea for Two Cha Cha" by The Tommy Dorsey Orchestra starring Warren Covington and "Tom Dooley" by The Kingston Trio were all released in 1958 but did not reach their peak until 1959. "All the Way"/"Chicago" by Frank Sinatra, "Let's Have a Ball" by Winifred Atwell, "My Special Angel" by Malcolm Vaughan and "Reet Petite (The Sweetest Girl in Town)" by Jackie Wilson were the singles from 1957 to reach their peak in 1958. Twenty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1958. Cliff Richard, Connie Francis, Marty Wilde, Michael Holliday and Ricky Nelson were among the many artists who achieved their first UK charting top 10 single in 1958.
The 1957 Christmas number-one, "Mary's Boy Child" by Harry Belafonte, remained at number-one for the first two weeks of 1958. The first new number-one single of the year was "Great Balls of Fire" by Jerry Lee Lewis. Overall, thirteen different singles peaked at number-one in 1958, with Connie Francis (2) having the most singles hit that position.
Background.
Multiple entries.
Eighty-four singles charted in the top 10 in 1958, with seventy-five singles reaching their peak this year. Six songs were recorded by several artists with each version reaching the top 10:
Twenty artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1958. Elvis Presley secured the record for most top 10 hits in 1958 with five hit singles.
Michael Holliday was one of a number of artists with two top-ten entries, including the number-one single "The Story of My Life". Frankie Vaughan, Jerry Lee Lewis, Lonnie Donegan and Ricky Nelson were among the other artists who had multiple top 10 entries in 1958.
Chart debuts.
Thirty-four artists achieved their first top 10 single in 1958, either as a lead or featured artist. Bernard Bresslaw, Connie Francis, Jimmie Rodgers, Michael Holliday, The Mudlarks, Ricky Nelson, Cliff Richard and The Shadows all had one other entry in their breakthrough year.
The following table (collapsed on desktop site) does not include acts who had previously charted as part of a group and secured their first top 10 solo single. 
Songs from films.
Original songs from various films entered the top 10 throughout the year. These included "Great Balls of Fire" (from "Jamboree"), "Jailhouse Rock" ("Jailhouse Rock"), "April Love" ("April Love"), "On the Street Where You Live" ("My Fair Lady"), "Hard Headed Woman" &amp; "King Creole" ("King Creole") and "A Certain Smile" ("A Certain Smile").
Best-selling singles.
Until 1970 there was no universally recognised year-end best-sellers list. However, in 2011 the Official Charts Company released a list of the best-selling single of each year in chart history from 1952 to date. According to the list, "Jailhouse Rock" by Elvis Presley is officially recorded as the biggest-selling single of 1958. "Jailhouse Rock" (5) was ranked in the top 10 best-selling singles of the decade.
Entries by artist.
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 1958, including singles that reached their peak in 1957 or 1959. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 1958 is also shown.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="56594203" url="?curid=56594203" title="Toulouse Hawks">
Toulouse Hawks

The Toulouse Hawks are an Australian rules football team based in Toulouse, France. As of 2018, the team primarily competes in the national competitions in France including the Championnat de France and the French Cup. The team typically wears black and white jumpers.
History.
Originally formed in 2008 as the Toulouse Crocodiles, the Toulouse Hawks first competed in the Championnat de France in the 2009/2010 season, finishing 3rd overall. The club would go on to win the league in the 2012/2013 and 2013/2014 seasons as well as the 2010 and 2015 editions of the French Cup. Following the 2015/2016 season, the Blagnac Aviators were formed in Blagnac, France, with a number of players from the Toulouse Hawks moving to play with the new team due to its proximity.

</doc>
<doc id="56594207" url="?curid=56594207" title="Donal Herlihy">
Donal Herlihy

Donal Herlihy (1908-1983) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Ferns from 1964 to 1983.
He was born in Knocknagree Co. Cork (within the jurisdiction of Kerry diocese) in 1908 and studied at St. Brendan's College, Killarney. He studied for the priesthood in Rome was ordained priest there in 1931. Further studies in scripture led to him being appointed Professor of Sacred Scripture in All Hallows College Dublin.
In 1947 he returned to Rome and the Pontifical Irish College as Vice Rector becoming Rector in 1951. In 1964 it was announced he would become Bishop of Ferns and he was consecrated Bishop in the Basilica of St John Lateran on 16 November 1964, the principal consecrator being Cardinal Confalonieri.
Episcopal Ministry.
Herlihy's time as Bishop is now seen primarily through the lens of the Ferns Report into child sexual abuse in his diocese. An insight into Herlihy's character is given in a review of the report by the internationally esteemed Irish author Colm Toibin "He had spent many years in Rome and was rather disappointed to be returned to an Irish backwater. It was said of him that he would have made a very great bishop if only he had believed in God." Toibin goes on to reflect on the gap between Herlihy's experience in Rome and his suitability as a bishop in rural Wexford; "His sermons in Enniscorthy Cathedral were lofty in tone and content. He loved Catullus and Ovid and Horace and he could not refrain from quoting them to a bewildered congregation. I once sat through a long sermon on the small matter of the ‘lacrimae rerum’."
As Bishop he came in for fierce criticism in the Ferns Report which said he repeatedly placed priests whom he knew to be paedophiles to be placed in parishes where access to young people was easily available. One writer described Herlihy's manner in Wexford town as "regally unapproachable"
It is now known that in 1966, at the start of his episcopal ministry, Bishop Herlihy assessed allegations of sexual behaviour towards boys in a dormitory of St Peter's College, Wexford by Fr Donal Collins as a 'moral failure.' Collins was sent away for two years and then permitted to return to the school becoming head of the college in 1985.
He died 2 Apr 1983 and is buried in Enniscorthy.

</doc>
<doc id="56594209" url="?curid=56594209" title="Russia's troll army">
Russia's troll army


</doc>
<doc id="56594213" url="?curid=56594213" title="Corys TESS">
Corys TESS

Corys is a manufacturer of training and engineering simulators for the rail transport, energy and hydrocarbon industries. The company is based in Grenoble, France, and was founded in 1997. "Corys" is the acronym for "COmpagnie de Réalisation Industrielle de Simulateurs - Company of industrial simulators production".
The firm's capital is held by Framatome, EDF French Electricity Provider and IFP Trainingh. It has subsidiaries in the United States (Corys Inc.), in China (HKD), in India (Corys India Simulation Systems Pvt Ltd) and Cyprus (CORYS Simulation Middle East ).
British Rail Class 395 and British Rail Class 185 train simulators are supplied by Corys TESS.
History.
Corys was created in 1997 following the acquisition of the assets of Tractebel Engineering and Technicatome. The company is currently collaborating with Tractebel and Siemens on a project of eight driving simulators for the operators training of the Russian-designed VVER 440MW nuclear power plants in several Eastern European countries.
In 1998, Corys TESS opened a subsidiary Corys TESS Inc. in Chicago to develop the US market, including a simulator for Amtrak's high speed Acela trains. In 1999, while it still remained primarily focused in the energy field, the company won several railway industry contracts in the United States and Australia.
In 2007, it created a Beijing subsidiary called BKRT (for Beijing Keruitai; ke = science, rui = beautiful/timely, tai = peaceful/the name of a mountain) to develop a verification and validation simulator for the Ling Ao II power plant in Shenzhen.
In 2008, Ralf Gathmann became the new Managing Director of the firm. In the same year, the firm bought our and merged Thunder Simulation Inc. (based in Saint Marys, Georgia United States) with Corys TESS Inc. in Chicago to form Corys Thunder Incorporation.
In 2009, Tractebel Engineering withdrew from the firm, with Areva and EDF becoming the shareholders of Corys, holding 66% and 34% of the capital of the Grenoble-based company. Following this change of shareholders, the firm changed its status and became a simplified joint-stock company (SAS).
CORYS Grenoble moved in 2011 to new premises, in the scientific zone of Grenoble “Polygone Scientifique” close to the CEA, CNRS, Synchrotron (ESRF) and many others. The 5 850m2 building, called the Mistral, respects the label “low energy consumption”.
On 10 july 2017, Corys became 100% owner of RSI. On 1 October, RSI S.A. merged with Corys S.A.S. and moved to the Corys premises in Grenoble. Since then, Corys has three shareholders: Framatome (50%), EDF (25%) and IFP Training (25%). Following this merger, Corys has three subsidiaries Corys Inc. in the United States, CORYS India Simulation Systems Pvt Lts in India and HKD in China, as well as a joint venture CORYS Simulation Middle East in Cyprus.
On 1st July 2020, Charles Rosmorduc becomes the new Chairman and CEO of CORYS.
Products.
The company has three business lines: energy, transportation and the process industries.
Energy.
Corys provides training and engineering simulators for nuclear power plants, power plants, power grids, etc. It designs, renovates and maintains i simulators, and provides provide training programs. The company is also involved in engineering activities for nuclear construction projects, in the design, testing and commissioning phases.
It also develops of simulators for construction plants such as the Flamanville in France or the Taishan in China (China National Nuclear Corporation)., or the Hinkley Point in United Kingdom 
By 2016, Corys had already delivered more than 180 power plant simulators and maintained more than 100 full-scale nuclear power plant simulators in the United States and France in operational conditions.
Transport.
Corys manufactures rail driving simulators for cargo trains, TGV (a French high-speed electric passenger train), highways, trams, and subway trains.
They produce simulators that represent the various rolling stock with computer-generated images designed with the Matrix 3D engine.
Process Industries.
Since the merger of RSI Corys, the company has also become a solution provider dynamic simulation to the industry of oil and gas. This includes the steps from process design to plant operation. The simulators are used for engineering studies, operator training and operations support for the upstream, refining and petrochemical industries.
In May 2021, CORYS extends its field of activity to the whole process industries.
Structure.
The activity of Corys is organized between the parent company and its subsidiaries. Corys Inc. handles North American customers for transportation, energy and hydrocarbons, while Corys Simulation Middle East is dedicated to the hydrocarbon industry.

</doc>
<doc id="56594215" url="?curid=56594215" title="Anna Lotta Jõgeva">
Anna Lotta Jõgeva

Anna Lotta Jõgeva (born 4 July 1999) is an Estonian alpine skier. She represented Estonia at the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594216" url="?curid=56594216" title="Flag Officer, Medway">
Flag Officer, Medway


</doc>
<doc id="56594222" url="?curid=56594222" title="Malojev Do">
Malojev Do


</doc>
<doc id="56594224" url="?curid=56594224" title="List of UK top-ten singles in 1959">
List of UK top-ten singles in 1959

The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom. Before 2004, the chart was only based on the sales of physical singles. This list shows singles that peaked in the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart during 1959, as well as singles which peaked in 1958 and 1960 but were in the top 10 in 1959. The entry date is when the single appeared in the top 10 for the first time (week ending, as published by the Official Charts Company, which is six days after the chart is announced).
Eighty singles were in the top ten in 1959. Eight singles from 1958 remained in the top 10 for several weeks at the beginning of the year, while "Little White Bull" by Tommy Steele, "Rawhide" by Frankie Laine, "Seven Little Girls Sitting in the Backseat" by The Avons and "Staccato's Theme" by Elmer Bernstein were all released in 1959 but did not reach their peak until 1960. "Love Makes the World Go 'Round" by Perry Como, "Tea for Two Cha Cha" by The Tommy Dorsey Orchestra starring Warren Covington and "Tom Dooley" by The Kingston Trio were the singles from 1958 to reach their peak in 1959. Nineteen artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1959. Adam Faith, Anthony Newley, Johnny and the Hurricanes, Neil Sedaka
and Russ Conway were among the many artists who achieved their first UK charting top 10 single in 1959.
The 1958 Christmas number-one, "It's Only Make Believe" by Conway Twitty, remained at number-one for the first four weeks of 1959. The first new number-one single of the year was "The Day the Rains Came" by Jane Morgan. Overall, sixteen different singles peaked at number-one in 1959, with Elvis Presley, Russ Conway, Bobby Darin and Cliff Richard (2) having the joint most singles hit that position.
Background.
Multiple entries.
Eighty singles charted in the top 10 in 1959, with seventy-one singles reaching their peak this year. Three songs were recorded by several artists with each version reaching the top 10:
Nineteen artists scored multiple entries in the top 10 in 1959. Russ Conway secured the record for most top 10 hits in 1959 with six hit singles.
Shirley Bassey was one of a number of artists with two top-ten entries, including the number-one single "As I Love You". Anthony Newley, Frankie Vaughan, Neil Sedaka and Shirley Bassey were among the other artists who had multiple top 10 entries in 1959.
Chart debuts.
Twenty-six artists achieved their first top 10 single in 1959, either as a lead or featured artist. Of these, four went on to record another hit single that year: Anthony Newley, Bobby Darin, Lloyd Price and Neil Sedaka. Russ Conway had five other entries in his breakthrough year.
The following table (collapsed on desktop site) does not include acts who had previously charted as part of a group and secured their first top 10 solo single. 
Tommy Steele had his first officially credited single in 1959 without his band The Steelmen when "Come On, Let's Go" reached number 10 in January. A second single, "Little White Bull", made number 6 later in the year. 
Cliff Richard's backing group previously charted under the name The Drifters, including three entries in 1959, but they changed their name to The Shadows towards the end of this year. "Travellin' Light" was the first song to reach the top 10 under their new identity, topping the chart for five weeks from 5 November.
Songs from films.
Original songs from various films entered the top 10 throughout the year. These included "Living Doll" (from "Serious Charge"), "Lonely Boy" ("Girls Town"), "The Heart of a Man" ("The Heart of a Man") and "High Hopes" ("A Hole in the Head").
Best-selling singles.
Until 1970 there was no universally recognised year-end best-sellers list. However in 2011 the Official Charts Company released a list of the best-selling single of each year in chart history from 1952 to date. According to the list, "Living Doll" by Cliff Richard and The Drifters is officially recorded as the biggest-selling single of 1959. "What Do You Want to Make Those Eyes at Me For?" (4), "What Do You Want?" (6), "Living Doll" (7) and "It Doesn't Matter Anymore" (10) all ranked in the top 10 best-selling singles of the decade. 
Entries by artist.
The following table shows artists who achieved two or more top 10 entries in 1959, including singles that reached their peak in 1958 or 1960. The figures include both main artists and featured artists. The total number of weeks an artist spent in the top ten in 1959 is also shown.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="56594226" url="?curid=56594226" title="House of Sadykhov brothers">
House of Sadykhov brothers

House of Sadykhov brothers — is a seven-floored historic building in Baku, at the intersection of Istiglaliyyat and Niyazi streets, opposing Philarmonic Garden. The building was registered as a monument of local significance by the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Azerbaijan dated August 2, 2001, No. 132.
The house of Sadykhov brothers was built in 1910-1912 by the project of Gabriel Ter-Mikelov. The building has different compositional structures and architectural features, elements and details of local architecture. The house of residence has a rich volume of plastic.
History.
There was a cemetery in the area where the building was located. That is why, when the construction began, the local people say to the customer, "“Karbalai, you have chosen a bad place, you waste money in vain.”" He replied, "“Do not talk about it, it's a good place. Even the governor planted a garden for me in front of the house.”" 
The revenue house of Sadykhov brothers was built in the style of national-romantic architecture in 1910-1912. In 1909, a contest on the design of this house was announced in Russia, and the author of the building, Gabriel Ter-Mikelov, won the first prize. During the Soviet era, the Central Executive Committee of the Azerbaijan SSR was located in the building.
Architectural features.
The building was built on the corners of Niyazi and Istiqlaliyyat streets and occupies a responsible city development position while attracting special attention. Though the building has characteristic of eastern architecture, interpretation of the architect and the consideration of the local climatic conditions led to have many porches and loggias.
Its planning structure is traditionally distinguished by two-row decks of rooms without glass verandahs. The front entrance with a particular arches leads to first lighted vestibule with marble stairs. E.A.Tigranyan, who investigated Ter-Mikelov's work, wrote: "“The objective architectural value of house of Sadykhov brothers is that, it stimulated development of realistic national architecture of Azerbaijan.”" 
Sources.
Şamil Fətullayev-Fiqarov - Bakının Memarlıq Ensiklopediyası. Baku, Azerbaijan Architects Union, 528 pages

</doc>
<doc id="56594234" url="?curid=56594234" title="Russia's troll factory">
Russia's troll factory


</doc>
<doc id="56594239" url="?curid=56594239" title="Gasolinazo">
Gasolinazo


</doc>
<doc id="56594240" url="?curid=56594240" title="Nan Tuck's Ghost">
Nan Tuck's Ghost


</doc>
<doc id="56594244" url="?curid=56594244" title="Next Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia leadership election">
Next Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia leadership election


</doc>
<doc id="56594248" url="?curid=56594248" title="EMI Records India">
EMI Records India


</doc>
<doc id="56594254" url="?curid=56594254" title="2011–12 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2011–12 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2011–12 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2011–12 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594255" url="?curid=56594255" title="MV Dalarö">
MV Dalarö


</doc>
<doc id="56594259" url="?curid=56594259" title="Gilbert Py">
Gilbert Py

Gilbert Py (born 9 December 1933) in Sète is a French tenor. The power of his voice ranks him among the heroic tenors, the fullest and most powerful of the tenors (Samson), also called tenore robusto (Verdi's "Otello") and whose German equivalent is the Wagnerian ("Tristan", "Siegfried") Heldentenor. It is characterized by fullness, roundness and equal timbre, even in the treble.
Biography: the saltimbanque at the Opera.
Py was born on 9 December 1933 in Sète in the department of Hérault. He spent his youth in a caravan on the fairgrounds with his family. They lived in Montpellier for a rather short stay, while continuing to travel, because the fairground profession made them live. Gilbert was five years old when he took his first piano lesson. his parents having no money, he didn't have an instrument to work with. He made his exercises on an accordion. The following year he began violin lessons. Mr. Anzi Batal, concertist exiled in France, offered him his first violin.
His mother enrolled him in a dance class. He took his first lesson in Montpellier when he was eight years old. With the ballet corps, he danced in "Die Fledermaus" and the Polovtsian Dances from "Prince Igor". He asked the ballet mistress to regulate the dances of gypsy, Russian and Spanish styles. Together, they prepared extracts from Brahms' "Hungarian Danses", and "l’Arlésienne". She taught him how to use castanets.
The lyrical career.
Debuts.
He entered the Cannes contest (which was previously won by tenors Tony Poncet, Alain Vanzo, Guy Chauvet, Gustave Botiaux. The winner was given the chance to sing a great role, Miss Janine Arcangoli, First Prize, chose Butterfly. Master Fichefet, organizer of the competition, confided Pinkerton to young tenor Gilbert Py who had won only a second prize. The concert took place on La Croisette.
He made his debut on 14 November 1964 at Verviers (Belgium), as Pinkerton in "Madame Butterfly", with Janine Arcangioli (once she married him, she gave up her own career to devote herself exclusively to her husband's one).
On 14 March 1965, he sang his first grand role: Mario Cavaradossi in "Tosca" at Tourcoing.
His career began on that day. He sang John the Baptist in "Herodiade" at Tourcoing and in "Carmen" in Rennes. "Aida" at Liège (Belgium), the same season, "Otello" at Tourcoing, in 1966, Samson in Ghent (Belgium) with Rita Gorr as Delilah… Otello, Radamés, Fidelio, Samson, Don José, "Mathis der Mahler", Nemrod in "la Tour de Babel", on the occasion of the reopening of the Opéra Royal de Wallonie in Liège (Belgium), in 1966.
"Fidelio" at Bordeaux in 1968, Adoniram in "La reine de Saba" at Toulouse in 1969, debut at Nice, with Turridu, and Canio in "Pagliacci", then on the same year at the Théâtre de verdure de Cimiez: Samson, with Rita Gorr, Ernest Blanc. René Nicoli administrator of the Paris Opera and Jean Giraudeau director of the Opéra Comique, present at the show, decided that evening, to bring him into the troupe of the Opera Raskolnikoff of Sutermeister in Nice, in December 1969. On 16 January 1970, the audience in Nice discovered "an Otello who swept all at once, all those who since Luccioni had approached the role, including the famous Del Monaco I".
Debut in Paris.
In 1969, he made his debuts at the Paris Opera, with "Carmen", Berlioz' "La Damnation de Faust", production Maurice Béjart, then Mario Caravadossi with Hana Janků. Role of Manrico in "Il trovatore" on 13 June 1973.
At the Opéra Comique: "Werther", Hoffmann, "Pagliacci", "Tosca". The arrival of Rolf Liebermann as Administrator of the Opera was followed by the closure of the Opéra Comique and the dislocation of the troupe.
The United States and the World.
Py made his debut in the United States with Berlioz's "Damnation of Faust" in Miami.
His career normally continued in France, Germany, Austria, Belgium and the world.

</doc>
<doc id="56594260" url="?curid=56594260" title="Suhani Dhanki">
Suhani Dhanki

Suhani Dhanki is an Indian dancer and television actress. Suhani is best known for her portrayal of Madri in Mahabharat on Star Plus.
She played the role of a pirate princess, Laachi, in Swastik Productions' "Porus".
She is also a trained Bharatnatyam dancer, disciple of Dr Sandhya Purecha. 
In 2017, she married Prathmesh Mody.

</doc>
<doc id="56594261" url="?curid=56594261" title="1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 27th edition of the women's singles championship.
Kimiyo Matsuzaki defeated Maria Alexandru in the final by three sets to two, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56594262" url="?curid=56594262" title="Arthur Keppel-Jones">
Arthur Keppel-Jones

Arthur Keppel-Jones (1909–1996) was a South African-born, Canadian-based historian and science fiction writer. He was a senior lecturer at the University of the Witwatersrand until he emigrated to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56594264" url="?curid=56594264" title="Tripuraneni Saichand">
Tripuraneni Saichand


</doc>
<doc id="56594265" url="?curid=56594265" title="Laurance S. Rockefeller Fellowship">
Laurance S. Rockefeller Fellowship


</doc>
<doc id="56594279" url="?curid=56594279" title="Parkland school shooting">
Parkland school shooting


</doc>
<doc id="56594280" url="?curid=56594280" title="Ministry of Transport, Maritime and Communication (Turkey)">
Ministry of Transport, Maritime and Communication (Turkey)


</doc>
<doc id="56594282" url="?curid=56594282" title="Simpang, Perak">
Simpang, Perak

Simpang (Jawi: سيمڤڠ, ) is a suburb of Taiping, Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594286" url="?curid=56594286" title="List of Ministers of Transport, Maritime and Communication of Turkey">
List of Ministers of Transport, Maritime and Communication of Turkey


</doc>
<doc id="56594296" url="?curid=56594296" title="Storm Eleanor">
Storm Eleanor


</doc>
<doc id="56594308" url="?curid=56594308" title="Atodiresei">
Atodiresei

Atodiresei is a Romanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56594310" url="?curid=56594310" title="Falim">
Falim

Falim (Jawi: فاليم; ) is a suburb of Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594312" url="?curid=56594312" title="2018 South African presidential election">
2018 South African presidential election

An indirect presidential election was held in the National Assembly in South Africa on 15 February 2018 following the resignation of Jacob Zuma on 14 February. Acting president Cyril Ramaphosa of the ruling African National Congress won the election unopposed due to no other party nominating a candidate. Ramaphosa was sworn-in by Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng at 5pm, 15 February 2018.
Background.
Following the announcement of the resignation of President Jacob Zuma late on 14 February 2018, and official receipt of a letter of resignation by the Speaker of Parliament during the morning of 15 February, Parliament was convened to elect a new president.
The President of South Africa is elected by the members of the National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament. The upper house, the National Council of Provinces, does not participate in the election.
In a press conference before the session, Julius Malema, leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) announced that his party will not participate in the election.
Election.
Shortly after the start of the sitting of Parliament the EFF objected to the legitimacy of the process, stating that parliament should be dissolved and a general election called. All members of the EFF then walked out.
The Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court, Mogoeng Mogoeng presided over the election. He began proceedings by reading Zuma's letter of resignation. Parties traditionally nominate their respective leaders as candidates. Cyril Ramaphosa, leader of the African National Congress and Acting President since Zuma's resignation, was the only nominee. Thus there was no ballot and Ramaphosa was declared duly elected.
Oath of Office.
In a brief ceremony at Tuynhuys, the office of the Presidency in Cape Town, President Elect Ramaphosa was sworn in as the fifth post-apartheid President of South Africa, shortly after 17:00 SAST (15:00 UTC) on 15 February by the Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court.

</doc>
<doc id="56594314" url="?curid=56594314" title="Buntong">
Buntong

Buntong (Jawi: بونتوڠ; , Tamil: புந்தோங்) is a suburb of Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594317" url="?curid=56594317" title="2010–11 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2010–11 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2010–11 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2010–11 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594318" url="?curid=56594318" title="Lydia Hiernickel">
Lydia Hiernickel

Lydia Hiernickel (born 23 December 1996) is a Swiss cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 10 kilometre freestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594322" url="?curid=56594322" title="Gunung Rapat">
Gunung Rapat

Gunung Rapat (Jawi: ڬونوڠ راڤت; ) is a suburb of Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594323" url="?curid=56594323" title="Anna Nechaevskaya">
Anna Nechaevskaya

Anna Alexandrovna Nechaevskaya (, born 21 August 1991) is a Russian cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 10 kilometre freestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594329" url="?curid=56594329" title="M-1 motorway (Republic of Macedonia)">
M-1 motorway (Republic of Macedonia)


</doc>
<doc id="56594336" url="?curid=56594336" title="Delphine Claudel">
Delphine Claudel

Delphine Claudel (born 23 March 1996) is a French cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 10 kilometre freestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594339" url="?curid=56594339" title="Kadaikutty Singam">
Kadaikutty Singam

Kadaikutty Singam () is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Pandiraj and produced by Suriya on his studio 2D Entertainment. The film stars Karthi, Sayyeshaa with a supporting cast including Sathyaraj, Bhanupriya, Viji Chandrasekhar, Soori, Deepa Shankar, Priya Bhavani Shankar and Arthana Binu. The film featured music composed by D. Imman and cinematography by Velraj. The film is released on 13 July 2018 along with its Telugu dubbed version titled "Chinna Babu".
Plot.
Perunazhi Gunasingam (Karthi) is a modern-day rich farmer who lives happily with his family and father Perunazhi Ranasingam (Sathyaraj).
30 years ago, Ranasingam always wanted a son but kept getting daughters. After four daughters with his first wife Vanavan Madevi (Viji Chandrasekhar), Ranasingam sought after a new bride, to beget a son. Afraid of losing her status to a stranger, Vanavan arranged a marriage between Ranasingam and her younger sister, Panchavan Madhevi (Bhanupriya). Five months after Panchavan became pregnant, Ranasingam's eldest daughter Mangamma Rani (Mounika) became pregnant out of wedlock and Ranasingam's family arranged her marriage to her boyfriend, Thamarai Manala Sendayar (Saravanan). With both the stepdaughter and stepmother pregnant, odds went against Ranasingam as Panchavan gave birth to a girl while his elder daughter had a boy. Ranasingam was heartbroken and stopped worrying for a boy child.
8 years later, Vanavan became accidentally pregnant and finally gave birth to a boy, who was named Gunasingam. At the present, Gunasingam is a 27 year old, 10th graduate, and a contented and happy farmer who practices natural farming and lives in peace. He has two major concerns:
1. His eldest sister's husband Thamarai and next sister's husband Malligai Manala Sendayar (G. Marimuthu) are at loggerheads for 10 years, despite being blood brothers. This is due to a court feud over inheritance and is complicated by the fact that Malligai has no pregnancy.
2. He must decide whether to marry either Poompozhil Chellamma (Priya Bhavani Shankar) (daughter of his 3rd sister) or Aandal Priyadarshini (Arthana Binu) (daughter of his only step-sister), as it is a societal norm in Tamil Nadu , for a man to marry his elder sister's daughter in rural areas.
However, problems arise when Gunasingam falls head over heels for Kannukiniyal "Iniya" (Sayyeshaa), the daughter of a rich man named Thillainayagam (Ponvannan) whose sister Ranasingam had suddenly left during engagement to oversee birth of his 4th daughter. Despite resistance from Iniya's family, Ranasingam agrees to the match under the condition that Gunasingam must convince his sisters that he cannot marry their daughters. Also, Iniya's uncle Kodiyarasu (Shatru) was jailed by the work of Gunasingam and seeks to get revenge by killing him. When Chellamma comes to know about Gunasingam's decision, she attempts suicide but is saved.
Panchavan vacates Ranasingam's house because she feels that her elder sister continuously commits injustices against her, like arranging her marriage without her permission, getting Panchavan's only daughter married to an ill drunkard who died in a year, and now refusing to marry her granddaughter Andal to Gunasingam. As revenge, Kodiyarasu offers to marry Chellamma, and that offer is accepted. Also, Thamarai is willing to attend the marriage only if his brother does not not, and the same is the case with Malligai. Finally, Gunasingam gathers all his relatives to his grandmother's function and convinces them after a moving speech. Later, Kodiyarasu is beaten up by Gunasingam and sent back to prison. Meanwhile, Gunasingam's brothers-in-law amend their dispute and everyone attends Gunasingam's wedding to Iniya.
A year later, Gunasingam and Iniya give birth a girl and choose to adapt to permanent birth control to ensure that past events do not repeat themselves.
Production.
In June 2017, Suriya signed on director Pandiraj to make a film for his studio 2D Entertainment, which would feature Karthi in a lead role. Pandiraj revealed that Karthi would play the role of a passionate farmer and the only male child in a family with five elder sisters. The director succeeded in convincing Sathyaraj to play the character of Karthi's father, while he cast Sayyeshaa as the main female lead despite initial reservations whether she would aptly portray a village character. The makers held talks with Anupama Parameswaran for a Second leading female role, but later selected Priya Bhavani Shankar. Arthana Binu was signed to portray another leading female role.
Other actors selected for the film included Soori, Bhanupriya, Yuvarani, Mounika, Viji Chandrasekhar and Ponvannan.
The shoot of the film began on 9 November 2017 in Chennai, with the cast and crew assembling for a launch ceremony. In early January 2018, the team moved to continue the shoot in Thenkasi and Puliyankudi. The film ran into trouble with Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) when the team shot a rekla (bullock cart race) scene sequence in spite of AWBI denying permission. The producers had previously approached the AWBI for permission to shoot the scene which involved 211 cows and oxen, 48 cocks and 32 birds. The board, however, denied permission citing that the Supreme Court has banned the sport. The breach had come to light after Suriya had uploaded a video of him and his son visiting the shoot location in Karaikudi. Rajasekar Pandian, a manager of 2D Entertainment, later said that the team got the required permission from the District Collector of Pudukottai, who permitted the president of the Rekla Federation of Tamil Nadu to conduct the race. So, the makers chose to use the opportunity of the race to include such scenes of rekla racing in the film.
The promotion of the film also proceeded by actor Karthi and Soori in the ongoing reality TV series "Bigg Boss Tamil 2".
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were sold to STAR Vijay.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman, making his first collaboration with Karthi and director Pandiraj. The soundtrack rights were acquired by Sony Music. The album features eight songs, with three karaoke versions. The audio launch for the film was held on 11 June 2018. After the film's release, the makers released five more songs as bonus tracks on 16 July 2018.
The soundtrack album for the Telugu version "Chinna Babu" was released on 24 June 2018.
Box office.
The film collected about in Tamil Nadu on first week. According to trade sources, the film grossed in just two weeks in Tamil Nadu and continued to run to packed houses.

</doc>
<doc id="56594343" url="?curid=56594343" title="Bandar Seri Botani">
Bandar Seri Botani

Bandar Seri Botani (Jawi: بندر سري بوتاني; ) is a new township in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. It is located between Batu Gajah and Simpang Pulai.

</doc>
<doc id="56594345" url="?curid=56594345" title="M-2 motorway (Republic of Macedonia)">
M-2 motorway (Republic of Macedonia)


</doc>
<doc id="56594352" url="?curid=56594352" title="List of observances set by the Solar Hijri calendar">
List of observances set by the Solar Hijri calendar

Dates in this table are determined by when the March Equinox falls. It will fall on March 20 from 2018-2023. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594353" url="?curid=56594353" title="Twilight Tales from the Prairies of the Sun">
Twilight Tales from the Prairies of the Sun


</doc>
<doc id="56594357" url="?curid=56594357" title="Nvidia Carmel">
Nvidia Carmel


</doc>
<doc id="56594370" url="?curid=56594370" title="Anna Seebacher">
Anna Seebacher

Anna Seebacher (born 9 March 1994) is an Austrian cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 10 kilometre freestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594374" url="?curid=56594374" title="2009–10 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2009–10 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2008–09 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2008–09 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594376" url="?curid=56594376" title="Greentouch entertainment pvt ltd">
Greentouch entertainment pvt ltd


</doc>
<doc id="56594377" url="?curid=56594377" title="MV Gällnö">
MV Gällnö


</doc>
<doc id="56594381" url="?curid=56594381" title="Issam Darwish">
Issam Darwish


</doc>
<doc id="56594384" url="?curid=56594384" title="Sekou Macalou">
Sekou Macalou

Sekou Macalou (born 20 April 1995) is a French rugby union flanker who currently plays for Stade Français in the Top 14 and France.

</doc>
<doc id="56594387" url="?curid=56594387" title="Ivan Blaće">
Ivan Blaće

Ivan Blaće (born 1 July 1984) is a Croatian former professional basketball player.
Personal life.
He was born in Šibenik in July 1984. In 2017, he married Croatian model Maja Spahija.

</doc>
<doc id="56594388" url="?curid=56594388" title="Mong Thongdee">
Mong Thongdee

Mong Thongdee (born c. 1997) is a formerly stateless person from Thailand. He became known in 2008–2009, when he won a national paper plane competition and was chosen to represent Thailand in the All Japan Origami Airplane Competition in Chiba Prefecture. However, being born to Shan migrant worker parents from Myanmar, he did not have Thai nationality, and his stateless status meant that he could not obtain travel documents in order to leave the country. His case became a focus of national attention, and after meeting with Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva, Mong was granted a temporary passport allowing him to travel. He placed third in the singles competition and with two other teammates won the team event for Thailand.
Despite the case raising awareness on the issues facing stateless children in Thailand, and promises of citizenship by government officials, by 2017 Mong still had not obtained Thai nationality. He works as a drone pilot trainer in Chiang Mai. Mong's case resurfaced following the Tham Luang cave rescue in 2018, where several of the boys involved were granted citizenship, and his resubmitted application was approved in October 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56594392" url="?curid=56594392" title="Elsa Guðrún Jónsdóttir">
Elsa Guðrún Jónsdóttir

Elsa Guðrún Jónsdóttir (born 29 March 1986) is an Icelandic cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 10 kilometre freestyle at the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594394" url="?curid=56594394" title="MV Nämdö">
MV Nämdö


</doc>
<doc id="56594399" url="?curid=56594399" title="Bicoloured mouse-warbler">
Bicoloured mouse-warbler


</doc>
<doc id="56594404" url="?curid=56594404" title="Elsa Guorun Jonsdottir">
Elsa Guorun Jonsdottir


</doc>
<doc id="56594407" url="?curid=56594407" title="Elsa Jónsdóttir">
Elsa Jónsdóttir


</doc>
<doc id="56594412" url="?curid=56594412" title="1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 28th edition of the women's singles championship.
Naoko Fukatsu defeated Lin Hui-ching in the final by three sets to two, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56594419" url="?curid=56594419" title="Félix Lambey">
Félix Lambey

Félix Lambey (born 15 March 1994) is a French rugby union lock who currently plays for Lyon and France.
International career.
Lambey was called up to the French national team for the first time ahead of France's opening 2018 Six Nations Championship match against Ireland. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594423" url="?curid=56594423" title="2008–09 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2008–09 ISAF Sailing World Cup

The 2008–09 ISAF Sailing World Cup was a series of sailing regattas staged during 2008–09 season. The series featured boats which feature at the Olympics and Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594466" url="?curid=56594466" title="MV Sandhamn (2004)">
MV Sandhamn (2004)


</doc>
<doc id="56594470" url="?curid=56594470" title="Gastón Giménez (footballer, born 1989)">
Gastón Giménez (footballer, born 1989)

Diego Gastón Giménez Díaz (born 7 December 1989) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a forward. He is currently a free agent.
Career.
Giménez began his career with Danubio of the Uruguayan Primera División. He scored on his professional debut in a win against Miramar Misiones on 4 September 2010. Another goal followed on 7 November versus Tacuarembó, in a season which included nine appearances. On 12 July 2011, Giménez was loaned to fellow top-flight team Rentistas. During his second start, on 4 September 2011 against Cerro, Giménez scored his third career goal. One goal in eighteen further appearances arrived with the club. In August 2012, Giménez joined Uruguayan Segunda División side Rocha on loan. He went onto score once in fourteen games.

</doc>
<doc id="56594472" url="?curid=56594472" title="Marco Riccioni">
Marco Riccioni

Marco Riccioni (Teramo, 19 October 1997) is an Italian rugby union prop who currently plays for Saracens and Italy. 
Club rugby.
Riccioni played with Italian Pro14 team Benetton from 2017 to 2021.
He joins Saracens ahead of the 2021–22 season. 
International rugby.
From 2015 to 2017, Riccioni was named in the Italy Under 20 squad. On 18 August 2019, he was named in the final 31-man squad for the 2019 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="56594473" url="?curid=56594473" title="Gastón Giménez (footballer, born 1991)">
Gastón Giménez (footballer, born 1991)

Gastón Claudio Giménez (born 27 July 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire and the Paraguay national team. Born in Argentina and of Paraguayan descent, Giménez represented Argentina in a friendly before switching to represent the Paraguay national team.
Club career.
Giménez's career started in 2011 with Almirante Brown. His debut arrived at the beginning of the 2011–12 Primera B Nacional season, when he played the final fifteen minutes in a goalless draw away to Rosario Central on 1 October 2011. In February 2012, Giménez scored the first goal of his career in a 2–0 win over Defensa y Justicia. After one goal in nineteen games in his first season, Giménez went onto make another sixty-nine appearances and score three more goals for the club across the next two seasons. In June 2014, Giménez signed for fellow Primera B Nacional team Atlético Tucumán. One goal in fifteen matches followed.
On 2 February 2015, Giménez joined Argentine Primera División side Godoy Cruz. Months later, on 30 May 2015, he was sent off in just his second start for the club versus Unión Santa Fe; the second time in his career that he had received a red card in a match against Unión Santa Fe, the first occurred in March 2014 whilst with Almirante Brown. Giménez remained with Godoy Cruz for a total of four seasons, prior to departing in January 2018 to join Estudiantes of the Primera División. Vélez Sarsfield purchased Giménez in the following July.
On 24 February 2020, Giménez signed with Major League Soccer side Chicago Fire on a two-year deal. He made eighteen appearances in his first season there.
International career.
Giménez was born in Argentina and is of Paraguayan descent. In November 2018, Giménez was called up to the Argentina national team by Lionel Scaloni for friendlies with Mexico. He made his international debut in the first friendly with Mexico on 16 November, being substituted on for Giovani Lo Celso with two minutes remaining. He was selected on Scaloni's preliminary squad for the 2019 Copa América. On 20 July 2020, Giménez confirmed claims by Paraguay national team coach Eduardo Berizzo and announced that he had finalized naturalization proceedings, making him eligible to play for Paraguay. On 28 September 2020, he was called up for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Peru and Venezuela by Paraguay national team coach Eduardo Berizzo. He made his competitive debut with Paraguay on 8 October as a starter of the match against Peru, making him cap-tied to Paraguay. He scored on his second cap away to Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="56594477" url="?curid=56594477" title="Henrietta Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield">
Henrietta Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield

Henrietta Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield (17 November 1762 – 31 May 1813), formerly Lady Henrietta Thynne, was the second wife of Philip Stanhope, 5th Earl of Chesterfield.
The earl's first wife, Anne, died in 1798, leaving one daughter, Lady Harriet Stanhope, who died unmarried in 1803.
Henrietta was the third daughter of Thomas Thynne, 1st Marquess of Bath, and his wife, the former Lady Elizabeth Cavendish-Bentinck. One of her older sisters, Louisa, became Countess of Aylesford, and a younger sister, Sophia, became Countess of Ashburnham. Henrietta's childhood was interrupted by a serious illness, as reported by Mary Granville in a letter of 1770:I am first going to Lady Weymouth, who is pretty well, but has been a good deal hurried with poor Miss H. Thynne's illness; the poor little creature has undergone much severer discipline than I thank God was necessary in your case – having been twice blooded and once blistered, but the doctors now think her much better.
She married the earl on 2 May 1799, in Grosvenor Street, London. They resided at the family seat, Bretby Hall in Derbyshire, which was rebuilt by the earl in about 1812. The couple had two children:
The countess was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom, from 1807 until her own death in 1813.
The countess died at the family's London home, Chesterfield House, Mayfair, aged 50 (though contemporary death notices describe her as 52). Her husband survived her by two years and died aged 59. He was succeeded in the earldom by their son, George.

</doc>
<doc id="56594481" url="?curid=56594481" title="Vanessa Lima Vidal">
Vanessa Lima Vidal

Vanessa Lima Vidal also simply known as Vanessa Vidal (born 3 March 1984) is a Brazilian deaf female model, beauty pageant contestant and beach volleyball player. 
Career.
Vidal was the first deaf beauty pageant contestant to compete at the Miss Brasil in 2008. Vanessa Vidal is also a national deaf beach volleyball player and has competed at the 2013 Summer Deaflympics representing the national deaf beach volleyball team. 
She received more publicity and fame as the only deaf entrant in the Miss Brasil pageant contest among the hearing in 2008 and emerged as first runner-up. She also became only the third candidate to participate in Miss International as a Deaf person in competing in the Miss International 2008 contest after two other Deaf contestants Sophie Vouzelaud of France and Vanessa Peretti of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="56594484" url="?curid=56594484" title="MV Sandhamn">
MV Sandhamn

MV "Sandhamn, or MS "Sandhamn, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56594487" url="?curid=56594487" title="Sonipat Junction">
Sonipat Junction


</doc>
<doc id="56594497" url="?curid=56594497" title="Gastón Giménez">
Gastón Giménez

Gastón Giménez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56594498" url="?curid=56594498" title="Tonya (name)">
Tonya (name)


</doc>
<doc id="56594504" url="?curid=56594504" title="Musée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux">
Musée d'art contemporain de Bordeaux


</doc>
<doc id="56594509" url="?curid=56594509" title="Atlanta University Center Robert W. Woodruff Library">
Atlanta University Center Robert W. Woodruff Library


</doc>
<doc id="56594518" url="?curid=56594518" title="William McOnie">
William McOnie

Sir William McOnie DL LLD (1813–1894) was a Scottish merchant who served as Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1883 to 1886.
Life.
He was born in Port of Menteith on 3 March 1813 the eldest of three brothers.
In 1840 he set up business with his brother Peter as a victualler on Main Street in the Cowcaddens district. Peter died in 1850 and in 1851 he joined his other brother, Andrew, at 1 Scotland Street in Tradeston as "W &amp; A McOnie" engineers and millwrights. William was then living at 27 Waterloo Place, Kingston, Glasgow. The census of that year describes him as a "brass founder". He specialised in machinery for sugar refinery and plantation machinery.
He joined the Glasgow town council in 1867.
In 1871 he was one of the original directors of Craigton Cemetery Company.
By 1881 he was living at "Heath Bank" on St Andrews Road in the Kinning Park district. By then he was employing 252 people in his foundries. He was also Chairman of the African Steam Navigation Co and a Director of Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company.
In 1883 he was elected Lord Provost of Glasgow. He was knighted by Queen Victoria at Blythswood in 1888. He gifted a set of stained glass windows to Pollokshields Church.
He died at Heath Bank on 3 February 1894. He is buried in Glasgow Necropolis. The grave lies in one of the north-south rows in the south-east section of the upper lateau. He also has a memorial in Craigton Cemetery.
Family.
He was married to Jean or Jane Stirling (1818-1867) from Renton, Dunbartonshire. They had one son, also William McOnie.
Following Jane's death in 1867 he married Jane Jack Mitchell (1829-1920) in Tradeston in 1868. She is buried with him in the Glasgow Necropolis.
His son William McOnie Jr. (1851-1887) predeceased him.
Artistic Recognition.
Whilst in office as Lord Provost he was portrayed by the then young George Reid RSA, one of his earlier commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="56594520" url="?curid=56594520" title="Last Chance (2016 film)">
Last Chance (2016 film)

Last Chance is a 2016 Australian drama short film directed by Kamal Saleh. The film was written to break stereotypical views of religious Muslims and give a moral message to the youth and warning them of drugs and gangs activities.
Plot.
Set in South-western Sydney, the story revolves around a young man who tries to take a shortcut in life by selling drugs in order to achieve a luxurious lifestyle. His family and friends try to help him and all things rotate around these realities and how this should be approached from an Islamic perspective.
Production.
The film is a production of Islamic-themed media outlet, OnePath Network. Since releasing the film trailer, the production studio has been asked to screen the film overseas.
Release and reception.
It was premiered at Waterview, Sydney Olympic. Last Chance gained attention in Australia because it was the first Islamic short film to be made and screened in Australian cinemas. And was screened in the UK across cinemas in a ten-day tour.

</doc>
<doc id="56594539" url="?curid=56594539" title="Capcom Cup 2017">
Capcom Cup 2017

Capcom Cup 2017 was a "Street Fighter V" video game tournament that was held in December 2017. 32 players qualified for the tournament by scoring high on the game's leaderboards during the 2017 Capcom Pro Tour. The tournament spanned three days during the PlayStation Experience weekend, and took place in the Anaheim Hilton Hotel and Anaheim Convention Center. The first day of the tournament featured a Last Chance qualifier, which was won by newcomer Naoki "Nemo" Nemoto. The finals were won by Dominican newcomer Saul Leonardo Mena "MenaRD" Segundo, who defeated Hajime "Tokido" Taniguchi in the final match.
Capcom Pro Tour.
The Capcom Cup was the final tournament of the 2017 season of professional "Street Fighter V" competitions, the Capcom Pro Tour. Players could qualify for the 2017 Capcom Cup by competing in the fifteen Premier Events, the few dozen smaller tournaments, several online tournaments, and the 2017 Evolution Championship. The 30 players who had accumulated the most points in these events automatically qualified for the tournament.
Tournament background.
The 2017 Capcom Cup took place over the course of three days, beginning with the Last Chance Qualifier played at the Anaheim Hilton on Friday, December 8. Featuring 164 players from 18 different countries, the champion of the Last Chance Qualifier automatically qualified for the bottom seed of Capcom Cup itself. The Top 32 phase of the Capcom Cup took place on Saturday, December 9. Tournament organizers decided to stick to a traditional bracket system, foregoing the group tournament system that was originally announced. The group tournament system was planned in an effort to make timing more accurate, and the Capcom Cup team stated that they were still looking into it as a possible alternative for future events.
The finals of the Capcom Cup, featuring the top 8 players of the event, took place during the PlayStation Experience in the Anaheim Convention Center.
Participants.
Du "NuckleDu" Dang, the winner of the 2016 Capcom Cup, announced on November 27 that he would not attend the 2017 edition of the tournament, giving up his auto-qualification to the runner-up of the 2016 tournament, Ricki Ortiz. As the seeding of the Capcom Cup is fully based on the overall leaderboard ranking, Ortiz obtained the seed number 31, ranking only above the Last Chance qualified competitor Naoki "Nemo" Nemoto.
Nemo faced top-seed Victor "Punk" Woodley in the first round of the tournament, while Ortiz faced Evo 2017 champion Hajime "Tokido" Taniguchi. The first round of the tournament also featured a match between the high-level Japanese players Kenta "Fuudo" Ai and Yusuke Momochi. Veteran Japanese player Daigo Umehara secured the 17th seed during the 2017 Pro Tour, and Brazilian Didimokof secured a place in the Capcom Cup by winning the Latin America Regional Finals. Fujimura "Yukadon" Atsushi won three Premier Events during the 2017 Capcom Pro Tour, ranking 4th in the overall standings. United Kingdom player Benjamin "ProblemX" Simon, meanwhile, won two Premier Events and two Ranking Events, ranking 6th in the overall standings.
The 18-year old Dominican competitor MenaRD qualified for the Capcom Cup despite the high cost and difficulty of traveling to the United States during the Capcom Pro Tour, coupled with the destruction caused by Hurricane Maria. Sponsored by The Rise Nation, MenaRD was ranked 25th when the tournament began. MenaRD's first round was against Ibuki-player Ho Kun Xian.
Tournament summary.
Last Chance qualifier.
Of the 164 entrants, the winner of the Last Chance qualifier was Naoki "Nemo" Nemoto, who was already considered one of the favorites to win the event. Nemo was unable to qualify for the Capcom Cup due to a lack of free time, and had only competed in five events during the 2017 Capcom Pro Tour. Playing with the character Urien, Nemo played against Lee "Infiltration" Seon-Woo three times during the tournament. The two first faced off in the Winner's Semifinals, where Nemo defeated Infiltration's Menat 3–1. After beating Brian "Brian_F" Foster in the Winner's Finals by a 3-2 margin, Nemo faced Infiltration again in the Grand Finals. Here, Infiltration opted to switch to his old character of choice Juri. This switch paid off in the first set, as Infiltration beat Nemo 3-1 and forced a bracket reset. However, Nemo adjusted his play and scored a 3–1 victory of his own in the second set, winning the tournament. Brian_F finished third place after losing to Infiltration in the Loser's Finals.
Main tournament.
Nemo knocked top-seed Punk into the loser's side during their first match of the second day, and was then knocked into the loser's side himself after losing to Daigo Umehara. Nemo went on to defeat Ryo "Dogura" Nozaki, Didimokof, and Masato "Bonchan" Takahashi in order to make it into the Top 8. Punk lost to Naoki "moke" Nakayama in the fourth round of the loser's side, missing the Top 8 by one game.
MenaRD, playing with the character Birdie, managed to remain on the winner's side for the majority of his run through the tournament, defeating high-level players such as Xian, Kazunoko, Umehara in the quarter-finals, and Itabashi Zangief in the semi-finals. MenaRD was knocked out of the winner's side in the next round by Tokido, who was playing with the character Akuma. After winning the loser's final against Nemo, MenaRD faced Tokido once again and managed to reset the bracket with a 3-2 match. Tokido controlled the fighting space using Akuma's ranged fireball attacks and tried to keep MenaRD at a distance in order to frustrate him. However, using unique quirks of Birdie that are difficult to anticipate, MenaRD could unpredictably close the distance, consistently leaping forward to execute a special attack. MenaRD won the last match of the Grand Finals 3–1.
Impact.
The 2017 Capcom Cup showcased entirely different player characters than seen in 2016. Characters such as Ryu, Ken, and Cammy did not appear at all in the Top 32, and characters such as Guile, R. Mika, and Laura were all knocked out early. Characters that were considered middle-tier at the start of the 2017 Capcom Pro Tour, such as M. Bison and Rashid, took the place of these formerly high-tier characters. MenaRD's mastery of Birdie was particularly notable. "Shack News" stated that 2017 was an "amazing year ... for "Street Fighter V"'s character diversity." Each of the Top 8 competitors played with a unique character, resulting in a very diverse final day.
"Red Bull" described MenaRD's success as "a beacon of hope" for the Caribbean fighting game community. Players from this region face difficulties traveling to events, and few Premier tournaments take place in the Caribbean. MenaRD had stated that he hoped to invest his winnings ($250,000 USD) back into his local community and bring about more successful players. In a recap video produced by Capcom, MenaRD said: "kids or teenagers that want to do something in competition, you know, they usually do baseball. They usually do basketball. But I want fighting games or esports, in general, to be an option in my country."
Reveals.
During the final day of the Capcom Cup, Capcom announced "Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection", a collection of "Street Fighter" games that predate "Street Fighter IV" to be released in May 2018.
Following the closing ceremony of the Capcom Cup, "Street Fighter" executive producer Yoshinori Ono revealed the six characters that would be incorporated into Season Three of "Street Fighter V". The introduction of the character Sakura had been teased leading up to the event and did not come as a surprise. However, a second, unexpected trailer played directly after it, serving as cinematic opening for "Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition". The live audience cheered in excitement sudden reveal of familiar "Street Fighter" characters such as Blanka, Sagat, and Cody. This trailer also revealed two new characters: G and Falke. "Red Bull" described Season Three's cinematic reveal as "the pinnacle of Capcom Cup 2017," calling it "the most polished and hype-inducing cinematic trailers made thus far for "Street Fighter V"."

</doc>
<doc id="56594540" url="?curid=56594540" title="MS Sandhamn">
MS Sandhamn


</doc>
<doc id="56594541" url="?curid=56594541" title="Thursday/Envy Split">
Thursday/Envy Split


</doc>
<doc id="56594548" url="?curid=56594548" title="Professor of Law">
Professor of Law


</doc>
<doc id="56594553" url="?curid=56594553" title="Envy / Thursday">
Envy / Thursday


</doc>
<doc id="56594554" url="?curid=56594554" title="MV Solöga">
MV Solöga


</doc>
<doc id="56594563" url="?curid=56594563" title="MV Söderarm">
MV Söderarm


</doc>
<doc id="56594566" url="?curid=56594566" title="Jim Downing (American naval officer)">
Jim Downing (American naval officer)


</doc>
<doc id="56594568" url="?curid=56594568" title="Sékou Macalou">
Sékou Macalou


</doc>
<doc id="56594570" url="?curid=56594570" title="MV Vindöga">
MV Vindöga


</doc>
<doc id="56594574" url="?curid=56594574" title="Hala Urania">
Hala Urania

Hala Urania is an indoor arena in Olsztyn, Poland.
The Urania hall was commissioned in July 1978. The hall has a large sports hall with a full-size playground for handball, football, basketball, volleyball, floorball, tennis, badminton, indoor football, a small specialist hall for martial arts, corrective gymnastics and a gym.
At Urania local men's volleyball club Indykpol AZS Olsztyn has played its matches as a hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="56594575" url="?curid=56594575" title="Flag Officer, Scapa Flow">
Flag Officer, Scapa Flow


</doc>
<doc id="56594577" url="?curid=56594577" title="MV Waxholm I">
MV Waxholm I


</doc>
<doc id="56594581" url="?curid=56594581" title="Douglas MacInnes Shaw">
Douglas MacInnes Shaw


</doc>
<doc id="56594583" url="?curid=56594583" title="MV Waxholm II">
MV Waxholm II


</doc>
<doc id="56594585" url="?curid=56594585" title="Rear Admiral, Scapa">
Rear Admiral, Scapa


</doc>
<doc id="56594588" url="?curid=56594588" title="Louvart River">
Louvart River

The Louvart River is a tributary of the south shore of the Lepallier River flowing into the municipality of Eeyou
Istchee Baie-James (municipality), in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, in Quebec, in Canada.
The course of the Louvart River is located southwest of James Bay Reserve.
A winter forest road (North-South direction) passes to on the east side of Louvart Lake, between Chaboullié Lake and Rodayer Lake. This road is more or less parallel to the west side of the James Bay main road from Matagami and further north.
The surface of the Louvart River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Toponymy.
The toponym Louvart River was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, at the creation of this commission.

</doc>
<doc id="56594597" url="?curid=56594597" title="American film actresses">
American film actresses


</doc>
<doc id="56594609" url="?curid=56594609" title="Marjory Stoneman Douglas HS">
Marjory Stoneman Douglas HS


</doc>
<doc id="56594614" url="?curid=56594614" title="List of communities in the United States where English isn't the majority language spoken at home">
List of communities in the United States where English isn't the majority language spoken at home


</doc>
<doc id="56594619" url="?curid=56594619" title="Verb Agent Object">
Verb Agent Object


</doc>
<doc id="56594630" url="?curid=56594630" title="Nigeria Women's Super Cup">
Nigeria Women's Super Cup

The Nigeria Women's Super Cup, otherwise known as NWFL Champions Shield is an annual game, featuring the teams that won the Aiteo Cup and the Nigeria Women Premier League in the previous season. The first edition was contested on March 4, 2018 between Nasarawa Amazons and Rivers Angels at Agege Stadium, Lagos. The game also signals the curtain opener for the new football season.

</doc>
<doc id="56594633" url="?curid=56594633" title="Indooroopilly State High School Buildings">
Indooroopilly State High School Buildings

Indooroopilly State High School Buildings is a heritage-listed collection of buildings at Indooroopilly State High School at Ward Street, Indooroopilly, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Boulton &amp; Paul Ltd, Department of Public Works (Queensland) and built from 1953 to 1963. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 14 October 2016.
History.
Indooroopilly State High School (SHS) opened in early 1954 in response to post-World War II (WWII) population growth in Brisbane's suburbs and the growing demand for secondary education. In 2016 Indooroopilly SHS retains its original complex of seven timber and brick buildings constructed during 1953-59:
These buildings are constructed from a range of standard materials and structural methods employed by the Department of Public Works (DPW) during the 1950s, including: prefabricated Boulton &amp; Paul timber units (blocks A and B); timber trusses (blocks A and C); and steel open-web trusses (blocks D and E). The buildings also feature differences in roof form, glazing, and verandah and stair arrangements that illustrate changes to standard school building types throughout the late-1950s. The school retains its organic 1950s site planning of long classroom blocks positioned in response to existing and man-made contours, spiralling around a high point in the centre of the steeply-sloping site. Blocks are connected by covered areas and walkways, and landscape elements include brick planter boxes, concrete stairs and pavements, a bitumen parade ground and roadways, retaining walls, gardens, mature trees, and sporting facilities such as a oval and mid-1960s basketball and tennis courts. The school has been in continuous operation since its establishment.
The suburb of Indooroopilly is located southwest of the Brisbane CBD. Although the Indooroopilly area was surveyed as farm allotments in 1858, central Indooroopilly did not attract agricultural settlement to the same extent as nearby Fig Tree Pocket, St Lucia and Long Pocket; and its development was limited until the Brisbane to Ipswich railway line opened to the locality in 1875. In the late 19th century a small township developed near the Indooroopilly railway station, and a number of large villas were erected on the banks of the Brisbane River. By the 1920s further subdivision had created a busy suburb, and growth was also facilitated by the opening of the Walter Taylor Road Bridge)in 1936. Indooroopilly's population (including Taringa) rose from 1029 in 1911, to 2048 in 1921, and 8565 by 1947.
Early schools near Indooroopilly included Toowong Mixed School (opened 1870, now Ironside State School, St Lucia) and Indooroopilly State School, opened in 1889. The establishment of schools was considered an essential step in the development of early communities and integral to their success. The State Education Act 1875 provided for free, compulsory and secular primary education and established the Department of Public Instruction. Schools became a community focus, a symbol of progress, and a source of pride, with enduring connections formed with past pupils, parents, and teachers.
After WWII, Indooroopilly was chosen as the site for a new state high school. In Queensland, governments were slow to establish state secondary education, considering it to be of little relevance to Queensland's primary industry-based economy. It was not until 1912 that the government instituted a high school system, whereby separate high schools were established in major towns or, where the student population was too small, a primary school was expanded to include a "high top". In Queensland generally, high schools remained few in number until after WWII, when secondary education was generally accepted as essential and was more widely provided for.
In 1954 it was reported that high school enrolments in Queensland had more than doubled since 1948, from 4500 to nearly 11,000. The Department of Public Instruction was largely unprepared for the enormous demand for state education that began in the late 1940s and continued well into the 1960s. This was a nationwide occurrence resulting from immigration and the unprecedented population growth now termed the "baby boom". Queensland schools were faced with enormous overcrowding and a lack of resources because the Queensland Government and community saw education as a low priority and provided the department with only a small budget. The overriding concern for the Department of Public Instruction was the need to build school buildings as expeditiously and economically as possible.
The Queensland Government had a long-standing practice of developing standard plans for its school buildings, which helped ensure consistency and economy throughout the state. From the 1860s until the 1960s, Queensland school buildings were predominantly timber-framed, and standard designs were continually refined in response to changing needs and educational philosophy. Queensland school buildings were particularly innovative in climate control, lighting, and ventilation. In the post-WWII period, the pressures of material shortages and rapid population growth forced the DPW to experiment with prefabrication and new, more efficient structural systems in order to keep up with demand for additional school buildings.
In an attempt to relieve the pressure on the existing state high schools in central Brisbane, which did not have sufficient room to expand, a decision was made in 1950 to establish three new suburban high schools, which would commence with an initial intake of Year 9 pupils and grow over four years. Reflecting the growth of suburbanisation and a move towards a decentralised population in urban centres, new high schools were located in suburban areas rather than the centre of town. This allowed for large grounds with ample room for sports facilities. The general classroom buildings were the same standard types as used for primary schools but high schools also included purpose-built facilities such as science laboratories, domestic science buildings, workshops for woodwork and metal work, libraries, and gymnasiums. These were also built to standard plans but were specific to their use and not a continuation of previous designs.
There was also a focus on the fit between the school and its neighbourhood, as well as site planning for expansion. In the early 1950s, architects developed master planning concepts that influenced the design and layout of the whole school. Initially, these plans were broadly based on regular and symmetrical plan forms around a central or prominent axis. A few years later there was a shift away from grid-like layouts to organic layouts which provided for growth and change. Classroom wings were connected to and fanned away from a central nucleus. Master planning schemes were focussed on the ideal solar orientation of buildings as well as their relationship to the natural contours and existing vegetation, resulting in building layouts that were more asymmetrical and open. The long, narrow buildings were positioned so that the spaces captured between them created playground areas and courtyards.
Indooroopilly SHS was one of the three high schools planned to open in Brisbane in 1954, each with room for 250 students. The suburb of Indooroopilly was chosen so that the school could service the western suburbs, with Banyo State High School servicing the northern suburbs and Salisbury State High School the southeast suburbs, thus reducing the number of secondary pupils travelling to and from the city area. Each school would have room for sports fields, and the buildings would be of brick and timber, with spacious well-lit classrooms, modern furniture, and provision for science laboratories, commercial rooms and libraries.
By May 1950 the Department of Public Instruction had identified a satisfactory site for establishing a high school at Indooroopilly. At that time, Indooroopilly was growing rapidly, with house building extending towards St Lucia. Housing expansion towards and within St Lucia was a result of the relocation of University of Queensland to that suburb.&lt;/ref&gt; The proposed school site, which eventually encompassed , was situated on high ground at the eastern edge of Indooroopilly's suburban development, and was "handy to St Lucia Fiveways and Indooroopilly railway station". In 1950, a Reserve for School Purposes was surveyed, initially of , , later becoming . The Reserve at this time did not include the allotments to the west which later became part of the school oval. St Peter's Lutheran College had opened on 25 February 1945to the south of the Indooroopilly SHS site. A mixture of bush and scrub at the northern end, and low lying, cleared land traversed by a creek at the south end, it included parts of farm portions 38, 39 and 42, originally granted to Thomas Lodge Murray Prior. A pre-1936 farmhouse (which was retained by Indooroopilly SHS until at least 1969) stood at the centre of the site, accessed by driveways from Lambert Road to the south and McCaul Street to the north.
The various land parcels needed to form the high school reserve were acquired by the Department of Public Instruction by early 1951. The northern part of the school site - part of Portion 38, consisting of - located south of McCaul Street and between Turner and Magor Streets, was resumed for school purposes by a proclamation dated 22 February 1951. This land passed through the ownership of WH Wilson, GL Hart, and WM Ludwig, before becoming part of the school. The southern part of the school site, located north of Lambert Road and between Carnarvon Road and Magor Street, absorbed Turner Street (unformed) to the south of Ward Street, plus four land parcels. The largest of these, of land which included parts of portions 38 and 39, was resumed for the school by the February 1951 proclamation. Prior to becoming part of the school this land passed through the ownership of WH Wilson, EM Long, W Robertson and WH Hart, W Robertson, S Donaldson, L Jones, and EI Lovell. Simon Donaldson, dairyman, owned the southern part of the school from 1911 to 1936, and he may have built the farmhouse.&lt;/ref&gt; Another was also added to the southeast corner of the school grounds. This land was acquired from Lovell by the Commonwealth in 1949 for the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), and was transferred to the Crown in 1956. It was later part of granted to the Queensland Department of Education in 2003. Two small buildings on this land, not present in 1936, were present in 1948 and 1951 aerial photographs, but were gone by 1955. In addition, a small parcel of near Lambert Road was resumed for the school by the February 1951 proclamation. This small parcel was east of the former Turner Street road reserve, and had not been sold by WH Wilson when he sold off the rest of Portion 38 from 1878 to 1884. The site of the western half of the later school oval, of land that was formerly resubdivisions 487-527 of Portions 38, 39 and 42A (a road reserve), was purchased by the Secretary of Public Instruction in January 1951. This land had passed through the ownership of WH Wilson, GL Hart, JA Rice and the Brisbane City Council (from 1947). The entire school site became Lot 323, SP253758 (12ha) in 2012. This part of the school grounds already possessed a concrete cricket pitch by 1936, which was later replaced by the school oval. The concrete cricket pitch is recorded on the DNRM Survey Plan SL2586 (sheets 1–3).&lt;ref? "Sketch Plan, Indooroopilly State High School", April 1954.&lt;/ref&gt;
The request to commence construction of Indooroopilly State High School was given in July 1953 by the Director General of the Department of Public Instruction (Herbert George Watkin) to the Under Secretary of Public Works. Expenditure of for the erection of the first section of the school was announced in September 1953, and clearing work at the site began in October 1953.
Indooroopilly SHS opened on 2 February 1954, with one classroom building (known as Block A in 2016), erected on high ground near the centre of the site. The opening enrolment comprised 167 Year 9 students. The building itself combined structural systems and materials typically used for school buildings at that time. The upper floor of the block was constructed from prefabricated Boulton &amp; Paul timber units, while the ground floor structure comprised DPW-designed timber floor trusses at the western end and brick walls at the eastern end.
Responding to materials shortages and population pressures post-WWII, the DPW imported a British building system from manufacturers Boulton &amp; Paul Ltd of Norwich, England. Based on an planning and construction module, the prefabricated elements in the Boulton &amp; Paul system included ceiling panels, roof trusses, banks of awning windows, and wide wall panels. The buildings were constructed at many schools across Queensland between 1951 and 1958. Timber framed and clad, they had a verandah as circulation and a gable roof. Ideally, they were oriented so the verandah faced north and the classrooms faced south. The stairs and verandah ends were often semi-enclosed with glazed screens. The building could be lowset or highset and had extensive areas of timber framed awning windows, providing more glazing than had ever been used in Queensland classrooms. The classrooms were , larger than most previous classrooms. The flexibility of the Boulton &amp; Paul system meant that the number of classrooms per block could vary in number to suit the needs of a particular school, and classrooms could also be used to extend existing blocks or form part of new blocks in combination with other structural systems.
From the early 1950s the Department of Public Instruction introduced and developed new standard plans for school buildings, which were similar in form and layout to the Boulton &amp; Paul buildings but not prefabricated: long, narrow, timber-framed buildings with a gable roof, north facing verandah with posts that extended from ground level to roof line, semi-enclosed stairs, and extensive areas of glazing to the verandah and southern classroom walls. This type was the most commonly constructed in the 1950s in Queensland.
In 1954 the type was improved by replacing the proliferation of stumps in the understorey with a timber truss that spanned the width of the classrooms above and provided an unimpeded play space. This truss system, introduced to support Boulton &amp; Paul prefabricated units, was subsequently adopted for conventional timber-framed school buildings. The trusses were distinctive for their tapered legs.
Block A was orientated approximately east–west, with the eastern end angled towards the south. The upper floor contained six classrooms and two teachers rooms. Three of the classrooms were interconnected by large folding timber doors. A semi-enclosed staircase attached to the verandah was located at the western end. The ground floor was completely enclosed, with toilets, locker rooms and store rooms within the brick section at the eastern end; a "Students" Space' in the centre; and three classrooms at the eastern end - a Commercial Classroom, Science Lecture Room, and a Science Laboratory. Two store rooms were located between the science rooms. The timber floor trusses were visible within the classrooms and students' space. Banks of awning windows along the southern classroom walls looked out over the low-lying grounds and surrounding neighbourhood, while the verandah faced higher ground to the north that would eventually be levelled and turned into a courtyard.
The school was soon extended with the addition of a second building (known as Block B in 2016), which also incorporated Boulton &amp; Paul prefabricated units for the upper floor, but the west end and brick ground floor were purpose-designed by the DPW. Work on Block B was approved in January 1954, and it was erected during 1954. The new building was linked to the east end of Block A by a raised walkway, and was orientated with its eastern end angling towards the northeast, following the contours of the site. Shorter than Block A, Block B originally housed manual training and administration.
While standard designs predominated in the 1950s, non-standard schools were also constructed, generally in Brisbane and the metropolitan areas where the population was stable and brick supplies guaranteed. Often substantial buildings with extensive use of brick and concrete, these schools introduced many innovative ideas which influenced later standards. Brick was progressively used more frequently in high schools for end walls, and was also commonly used to enclose toilets and stairwells and for landscape elements.
In Block B, the Boulton &amp; Paul section of the building contained a sheet metal room at the eastern end and a woodwork room, with a store room and saw room in between. On the western side of the woodwork room were store and staff rooms. The purpose-designed west end of the upper floor was narrower in width. It contained an internal staircase, a small store room, a waiting room, and the principal's office, which was located in the southwest corner. The brick ground floor comprised toilets at the eastern end, a timber store, and a large change room with bench seating around the edges (temporarily used as a trade-drawing room in 1956). The western end was semi-enclosed, originally designated as a students' quiet area. In the southwest corner, a thick concrete column supported the principal's office above, and the overhang of the gable roof was supported by steel posts.
The landscaping design of Indooroopilly State High School introduced new ideas in the integration of external built landscape elements (such as stairs, planter boxes and pavements) with adjacent functional areas. As the school grew, spaces between buildings and at the ends of blocks were be purpose-designed to address ground level changes, improve circulation, and create gardens, seating and play areas for the students. Between blocks A and B an entranceway was created beneath the connecting walkway. A two-storey brick wall ran along the southern side of the walkway with metal lettering -'INDOOROOPILLY STATE HIGH SCHOOL' - attached above an opening. The entranceway was fronted by a concrete pavement and steps with adjacent planter box. Early class photographs show students arranged in rows on these steps, with the entranceway visible in the background. Projecting perpendicular to the walkway on the north side was a tall brick planter box and adjacent set of timber stairs with tubular metal handrails. A flag pole was attached to the north face of the planter box.
In 1954–55, a third classroom wing (known as Block C in 2016) was added to the site, to the north of and parallel with Block A. On the upper level, it was a standard DPW timber school building type, comprising four classrooms, one larger classroom (designated as a commercial room), a north-facing verandah with clerestory lighting above the verandah roof, and a semi-enclosed stair with purpose-designed roof at the western end of the verandah. An internal staircase at the eastern end led to an elevated covered walkway, which linked the eastern ends of blocks C and A. The lower level of Block C was predominantly open play area supported by round concrete columns, with a locker room (supported by timber trusses) and a brick cloak room at the eastern end. Due to the steep slope, the ground floor was cut into the site with a retaining wall along the north side of the play area. This made the verandah accessible from ground level at the eastern end, via a short flight of concrete steps flanked by brick planter boxes.
A second stage of Block C and landscaping works were constructed in late 1955. A classroom, designated as a drawing room, was constructed between blocks A and C at their western ends, forming a link between them. Orientated approximately north–south, this addition (known as Building A6 in 2016) had a shallow gable roof, extensive glazing along the eastern wall of the upper floor, and high level windows along the western wall. The ground floor was open play area with bike racks at either end and access to a bicycle storage room under the western end of Block C. Supported mainly on round concrete columns and brick end walls, an opening in the western wall had a special feature - lozenge-shaped concrete columns that supported four large "round the corner" doors, that allowed the underfloor area to be sealed off from westerly winds (doors now removed).
Landscaping works included the formation of a flat, bitumen parade ground in the newly created courtyard between blocks A and C. To address ground level changes between the blocks, a long set of concrete steps ran from a planter box at the northeast corner of Building A6 and curved around to run parallel with Block A, before ending at a right angle in line with the girls locker rooms. Below these steps the ground was concrete pavement, scored to resemble square concrete pavers.
As more buildings were added to the site, rooms in earlier buildings were converted for other uses. For example, in 1954-55 the western end of the ground floor became the chemistry laboratory, physics laboratory and science lecture room, while the students' space became a library and reading room. The western classroom on the first floor became a physics lecture room.
Throughout the late 1950s the school continued to expand to successively accommodate all four high school years. A new two storey block which incorporated the latest structural system of steel open-web joists (known as Block D in 2016) was built north of Block B, in two stages, during 1957–58. From 1957, steel open-web joists that spanned further and removed more understorey stumps replaced the use of timber trusses. This structural system was employed with reinforced concrete piers to support large loads at minimal costs. This was further refined in 1959 by replacing the concrete piers and open-web joist with a steel portal frame that was employed extensively in the 1960s and 1970s.
Orientated north-south and cut into the slope, the upper floor of Block D was at ground level along the western side, with a battered concrete retaining wall forming the western wall of the lower level. The upper level was of the same standard timber classroom type as Block C, with a west-facing verandah and clerestory lighting above the verandah roof. When completed, it contained seven identical classrooms, all interconnected by a single door adjacent to the eastern wall. Brick-enclosed stairwells were located at either end of the block, leading down to a large recreation area with a concrete floor. Along the open eastern side were lozenge-shaped concrete columns supporting the steel open-web joists. By late 1959, parts of the lower floor had been enclosed to form temporary classrooms.
A second, larger courtyard area was created north of Block C by the addition of two more blocks in 1958-59 - a domestic science block (known as Block G in 2016) and a classroom block (known as Block E in 2016). In order to construct them, however, the area had to be lowered and flattened, with excavation works taking place during 1958. Some of the fill was deposited in the western school grounds, where tennis and basketball courts were later formed. The level of the new courtyard (known as "Town Square" in 2016) was the same as the ground floor of Block C, which meant that the concrete steps and planter box at the east end of Block C's verandah were demolished. Blocks E and G were arranged at right angles to each other and formed the northwest corner of "Town Square". Block G, the smaller of the two, was oriented north–south with its western wall approximately in line with the west end of Block C. Block E ran east–west and part of its lower floor was cut into the slope.
Block E was constructed using standard timber school building construction types with steel open-web trusses supporting the first floor. It had a north-facing verandah, with clerestory lighting above the verandah roof, and contained four classrooms and a teachers room. A semi-enclosed timber stair was located at the western end of the verandah. The eastern end of the verandah was at ground level and had a concrete-paved entrance bay with a vertical timber louvre screen in the northern wall. The ends of the building and part of the ground floor were constructed from brick. The ground floor was largely open play area, with the pavement extending north of the verandah line, surrounded by a concrete retaining wall.
Block G was a single storey, gable-roofed building on a raised brick base, with its floor level slightly lower than the ground floor of Block E. It had a passageway enclosed with glass louvres along the western side, and contained classrooms of different sizes for domestic science, including a dressmaking room, dining room, cookery room and lecture room. A purpose-designed brick portico, glazed with metal louvers and fixed glass, formed the entrance at the southern end, and by 1961 a covered area linked it to the western end of Block C.
The school grounds continued to be improved throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s. By 1959, the scrub northwest of the school buildings had been cleared, and the bush to the northeast had been thinned out to a scatter of trees. In the low-lying southwest corner the school sports oval was formed and a properly laid-down cricket pitch constructed. This was followed in 1960-61 by the formation of new bitumen access driveways - one leading from McCaul Street (at the northeast corner of the site) to the northeast corner of 'Town Square'; and one from the intersection of Turner and Ward streets that ascended the slope along the southern sides of blocks A and B, and curved northwards to pass between blocks B and D. Further bitumen driveways formed a loop around "Town Square".
In 1960, the area around Block E was re-landscaped to provide better circulation. This included new pathways, stairs, retaining walls and garden beds. Toilets were constructed under the eastern end of the building (within sub-floor space) and a new, wide pedestrian stairway, with adjacent garden bed and planter boxes, was also constructed adjacent to the east end of Block E, linking "Town Square" to a pathway that led north to McCaul Street. By 1964, two concrete pathways had been constructed across the central lawn of "Town Square", converging near the base of the stairway.
By 1960, the school had a population approaching 800 students. Student numbers continued to grow, with a sudden increase in 1964, when Year 8 students were transferred from the primary school system to become the first year of high school.
Changes were made to the 1950s buildings over time, new buildings were added to the site, and improvements made to the grounds. A tuckshop was built under the west end of Block C by 1963 (since removed), and a science block (Block F in 2016) was built in 1965. The room under the east end of Block C was also partitioned in 1968. In the grounds, two cricket practice wickets (extant in 2016) were built just east of the oval by 1963; levelling work occurred west of the school buildings in the 1960s, and two basketball courts and four tennis courts opened in 1965. New trees were also planted to the north of Block E. During the 1960s the creek in the southern part of the school grounds was progressively filled in, and underground stormwater pipes were laid, from the east side of the oval to the east side of the grounds.
Further alterations were made to the 1950s buildings in the 1970s and 1980s. A two-storey building was added to the west of Block G in , and Block G's interior was reconfigured. Around this time a small Armoury room was constructed beneath building A6. The centre of the ground floor of Block D was enclosed for an arts and crafts room and a covered walkway and courtyard area were added along its eastern side. In 1979 the first floor of building A6 was remodelled to become a junior science room, with a storeroom constructed at the north end. The first floor rooms at the east end of Block B were reconfigured to become two classrooms and an office in (at some point the internal staircase in the west end of Block B was demolished and the space merged with the adjacent office). A textiles room was constructed on the ground floor of Block E by enclosing the southwest section of the play area in . On the ground floor of Block C, a new tuck shop was constructed in the centre of the play area and a stationary and book store at the eastern end in . The lower floor of Block D was converted for different uses in the 1980s, including metalwork and woodwork shops. By 1989 other minor changes to partitioning had occurred in blocks A, B and D.
Additional school buildings have been constructed around the 1950s complex on the lower ground to the west, south and east. These included: Block H (administration), a demountable building (west of Block E), and a large assembly hall (west of Block C) by 1977; and Blocks J (manual arts), I (library), K (music, Block L in 2016), and a science building (southeast of Block F) between 1979 and 1986. Demountable buildings were also temporarily used by the school in the 1970s and 1980s, including one placed near the east end of Block C. Other buildings were added to the school between 1986 and 2016, in an outer arc. Alterations to the 1950s buildings and landscape elements since 2000 include the refurbishment of the toilets in blocks A and B, replacement of the roof sheeting of blocks A, B, C, D, E &amp; G, and the rebuilding of the Block E southeast garden retaining wall with rendered concrete block.
Improvements to the school grounds included the planting of a "rainforest" area east of Block F in the early 1980s. In the 1990s the grounds were progressively developed and improved by the grounds committee, led by deputy principal Lorna Whelan. The committee's projects included planting "up to 100 or more trees" around the time of Arbor Day. In recognition of her contribution, in 1999 the entire school grounds were named "The Whelen Reserve".
The school held a belated official opening ceremony on 5 July 1988, with the opening performed by the Hon. Brian Littleproud, Minister for Education. In 2004 a school history book was published to celebrate the school's 50th Jubilee.
The school remains a scenic part of Indooroopilly, and the 1950s buildings and landscaping remain at the heart of the school. It is important to the area as a focus for the community, being the venue for numerous social, sporting, and educational programs and events.
Description.
Indooroopilly State High School occupies a site in the suburb of Indooroopilly, approximately southwest of Brisbane CBD. The site steeply slopes down from the north, and is accessed by an entrance driveway off the corner of Ward and Turner streets to the west, and a driveway from McCaul Street to the north. The site is also bounded by Lambert Road to the south, Carnarvon Road to the west, and Magor Street and Robertson's Park to the east. The school retains its original complex of seven timber and brick buildings (constructed 1953–59), which are centrally located on a high, flat plateau area at the northern end of the site. Between the buildings are courtyard, assembly and play spaces, and circulation is facilitated by covered walkway connections and concrete stairs, pathways and pavements. The landscaped grounds are well established, and include bushland, mature trees, planter boxes, retaining walls, tennis / basketball courts and playing fields.
The seven significant buildings within the school complex are:
These buildings are constructed from a range of standard materials and structural methods employed by the Department of Public Works (DPW) during the 1950s, including: prefabricated Boulton &amp; Paul (B&amp;P) timber units (blocks A and B); timber trusses (blocks A and C); and steel open-web trusses (blocks D and E). Building A6, Block G, and the western end of Block B are purpose-designed buildings.
The early site planning of the school grounds remains intact and is typical of Queensland schools during the mid to late 1950s. The long classroom blocks are arranged organically, following the contours of the site and linked around courtyard spaces. In the southwest corner of the complex are blocks A and C, positioned parallel to each other in an approximately east–west orientation. They are linked by Building A6 at the western end and a raised, covered walkway at the eastern end; and encircle a bitumen parade ground. Branching off from the east end of Block A is Block B, angled slightly towards the north, with a brick entranceway in between. Block D, the longest block, extends northwards from near the eastern end of Block B. To the north of Block C and west of Block D is a large, flat courtyard area known as "Town Square". The northwest corner of the square is defined by blocks E and G, which are positioned at right angles to each other. Block E is orientated east–west, and Block G, to its south, is orientated north–south.
Non-significant elements of the buildings include air conditioning units (interior and exterior); replacement windows and doors; replacement wall and ceiling linings; accessibility ramps; and modern floor linings (carpet and linoleum), suspended ceilings, kitchenettes, fluorescent lighting and ceiling fans.
Block A (1953-54).
Block A is a long, two-storey building with a corrugated metal-clad gable roof that continues over a north-facing verandah. It contains classrooms on the first floor and west end of the ground floor, and toilets at the east end of the ground floor. The first floor is constructed from timber prefabricated Boulton &amp; Paul timber units, and the ground floor is constructed from DPW-designed timber floor trusses (west end) and brick (east end toilets and store rooms).
The exterior is clad in a variety of materials including: timber chamferboards (with the edges of vertical timber boards visible between each panel of the B&amp;P wall units); vertical profiled metal sheeting (east facade first floor, south facade ground floor); and orange face brick (toilets and the southwestern corner of the ground floor).
The southern facade features large banks of timber-framed top-hung awning windows along the first floor. The raked eaves are unlined and supported by timber struts fixed to window mullions below. At the west end, the ground floor wall is set back and divided into bays by the projecting tapered edges of the timber trusses. Windows within the bays are awning windows with modern louvres above. The brick eastern end has high-level windows. The east and west walls are blank.
All access is via the northern facade. Timber stairs at the western end, which also provide access to the adjacent Building A6, are semi-enclosed with single-skin walls of exposed timber studs and chamferboard cladding, and have a timber post and rail balustrade. The first floor verandah has a raked ceiling clad in flat sheeting with exposed rafters aligned with joins in the wall panels, square timber posts, and a timber floor. Timber-framed bag racks form the balustrade, and are externally clad in profiled metal sheeting.
The ground floor verandah has a concrete pavement floor and corrugated metal-clad ceiling. Square timber posts and a concrete spoon drain run along the outer edge. The concrete pavement is scored to resemble square pavers and steps up toward the eastern end, in line with the brick-enclosed section. The pavement continues around the northwest corner of the building to terminate in a landing with tubular metal handrails. From here, a short flight of concrete steps leads down to a modern concrete pathway.
Windows in the northern wall are large double-hung timber sashes (with fanlights above the first floor windows), and original doors are single or double, part-glazed timber doors with v-jointed (VJ) panelling.
The interior of the first floor comprises four central classrooms, separated from an eastern and a western classroom by two narrow store rooms. The walls and ceilings are lined with flat sheeting, and most walls have rounded cover strips. Vertical members of the structural system are evident on the north and south walls, between pairs of windows. Two sets of original bi-fold timber panelled doors between classrooms are retained, as well as single panelled timber doors between some rooms.
On the ground floor, walls within the brick toilets and store rooms are generally plastered or face brick, and floors are concrete. Doors include early high-waisted or vertical board doors, both with original hardware, and some high-level windows contain fixed glass louvres. Classrooms are lined with flat sheeting with rounded cover strips, and the tapered legs of the timber trusses are exposed within the space. Two of the classrooms have metal floor skirtings. Vertically-sliding, timber-framed blackboards are retained in one classroom on the first floor and one on the ground floor.
Block B (1954).
Block B is a long, two-storey building, with a corrugated metal-clad gable roof that continues over a north-facing verandah. Most of the first floor is of prefabricated timber B&amp;P units, containing two classrooms and a store room, and stands on a brick ground floor containing toilets and a large store room. The narrower western end is purpose-designed, containing an office and store room on the first floor and a former outdoor area on the ground floor (enclosed with modern partitions to form a small office).
The exterior of the eastern end is clad in timber chamferboards (with the edges of vertical timber boards visible between each panel of the B&amp;P wall units) vertical profiled metal sheeting (east facade first floor) and orange face brick. The raked eaves of the south wall are unlined and supported by timber struts fixed to window mullions below.
The purpose-designed western end is clad predominantly in timber chamferboards. The walls of the former Principal's Office in the southwest corner are set back and clad with vertical profiled metal sheeting and flat sheeting. The southwest corner of the office stands on a thick, rounded-rectangular concrete column, and three tall steel posts support the overhang of the roof. 
Most of the early timber joinery has been retained, including: top-hung awning windows to the former Principal's Office and the south wall of the B&amp;P classrooms; double-hung sash windows to the verandah wall (with fanlights above) and ground floor store room; and fixed glass louvres to the toilets. Other ground floor windows have been replaced with metal-framed sliders. Early doors include double, part-glazed timber doors with VJ panelling, and vertical board doors, both with original hardware.
The first floor verandah is accessed via timber stairs at the eastern end that are semi-enclosed with timber-framed glazed screens. The verandah has a timber floor, square timber posts and a raked ceiling lined with flat sheeting. Timber-framed bag racks form the balustrade, and are externally clad in profiled metal sheeting. A framed section of chamferboards near the western end of the verandah wall indicates a former opening to an internal stair (now removed).
The ground floor verandah has a profiled metal-lined ceiling, concrete pavement floor and is edged by square timber posts and a spoon drain. The pavement, scored to resemble square pavers, extends north of the verandah line at the eastern and western ends.
On the first floor, the interior walls and ceilings of both sections are lined in flat sheeting and skirtings are timber, of a simple profile. Single panelled timber doors survive between some rooms. In the B&amp;P section, vertical members of the structural system are evident on the north and south walls, between pairs of windows. In the former Principal's Office, the location of removed partitions is evident in the ceiling lining. A small alcove remains in the western wall, which originally contained a sink (now a kitchenette). The ground floor has a concrete slab floor, which has been covered with modern linings in various locations, and painted brick and plastered walls. Early timber perimeter seating is retained in the central store room.
Brick entranceway and stairs between Block A and Block B ()
A raised covered walkway with a skillion roof links the first floor verandahs of blocks A and B. The southern side of the walkway is two-storey brick wall with a ground floor opening that forms an entranceway to the parade ground area. Fixed above the opening is metal lettering - "INDOOROOPILLY STATE HIGH SCHOOL". The ground beneath the walkway is concrete pavement, accessed from the southern side by a set of steps with adjacent planter box and garden area. Projecting perpendicular to the walkway on the north side is a tall brick planter box and adjacent set of timber stairs with tubular metal handrails. A metal flag pole is attached to the north face of the planter box. The north side of the walkway is open, with a timber rail balustrade.
Block C (1954-55).
Block C is a long, two-storey building with a corrugated metal-clad gable roof and north-facing verandah. The first floor contains classrooms while the ground floor, formerly open play space with storage at the east end, has 1980s brick enclosures (tuck shop and former book store) that are not of heritage significance. The first floor is supported by a combination of large, round concrete posts, timber trusses (in the rooms at the east end); and round metal posts (supporting the first floor verandah). Brick walls define the ends of the building. The building is predominantly clad in timber chamferboards, with the exception of the eastern elevation first floor, which is clad in profiled metal sheeting. The raked eaves of the south wall are supported by timber struts fixed to window mullions below.
Access to the first floor is via a set of semi-enclosed timber stairs at the western end of the verandah, and an internal staircase at the eastern end. The separate gable roof over the western stairs is partly supported by metal poles that are angled to form a V shape, and an early sink survives in the northwest corner of the landing. The eastern end of the verandah and part of the western end are enclosed with timber-framed glazed screens.
Early timber joinery is retained throughout the first floor, with large banks of top-hung awning windows with centre-pivoting fanlights along the south facade and double-hung windows with centre-pivoting clerestory windows along the verandah wall. Early doors include double, two-light doors with VJ panels to the verandah and east stairwell, and panelled, two-light interior doors, both with original hardware.
The first floor verandah has a low-pitched skillion roof, set below clerestory windows; a raked ceiling lined with flat sheeting and rounded cover strips; a timber floor and square timber verandah posts. Timber-framed bag racks form the balustrade, and are externally clad in profiled metal sheeting. Metal grills fixed above the bag racks are recent and not of heritage significance. Large rectangular vents (date unknown) are positioned below some windows in the verandah wall.
The classroom interiors on the first floor are generally lined in flat sheeting on the walls and ceilings, with rounded cover strips to some walls and simple timber skirtings.
The unenclosed areas of the ground floor have ceilings lined with flat sheeting (with cover strips in some sections), and a concrete pavement floor scored to resemble square pavers. Below the first floor verandah the ceiling is unlined. The rooms at the eastern end have timber double hung windows (north wall), glass louvres (south wall), internal walls and ceilings lined with flat sheeting with rounded cover strips, and the tapered legs of the timber trusses are exposed within the space.
A raised covered walkway with a flat roof links the eastern ends of blocks A and C. Constructed from timber, it is supported by square timber posts and has a three-rail timber balustrade. The floor is provided additional support by diagonal struts attached to the posts. The ceiling is lined with flat sheeting with rounded cover strips.
Building A6 (1955).
Building A6 is a highset, masonry building with a corrugated metal-clad gable roof, and is set on a north–south axis. Smaller than the classroom blocks, it connects Block A and Block C at their western ends and forms an edge to the parade ground. It contains a single large room and a store room on the first floor, and the ground floor is open, with some sections enclosed for storage. A narrow section of the building, containing storage on the ground floor and a former corridor on the first floor, extends north to run alongside the west end of Block C, and connects with its western staircase. Walls are predominantly orange face brick with some sections of profiled metal sheeting (below window sill height) and flat sheeting. The brick end walls extend to form wing walls in line with the horizontal eaves on the eastern facade. Large concrete columns of rounded or lozenge-shaped profile support the central section of the building.
Banks of top-hung awning windows occupy the full length of the east facade of the first floor, while a single row of high awning windows runs along the west facade. Access to the first floor is via a small stair at the northern end of the building, and via the landing of Block A's western stairs at the southern end. One early door survives: a high-waisted, single-light door with a VJ panel at the southern first floor entrance.
The interior of the first floor has plaster walls, timber skirtings of a simple profile, and a modern fitout.
The ground floor is mostly open play space, with a concrete pavement floor scored to resemble square pavers. The northeast corner has been enclosed with face brick to form a store room (former armoury) and the southern end is enclosed with face brick and metal caging to form a sports store. A brick planter box is cut into the terrain on the east side of the store room. The concrete pavement extends west beyond the building footprint, connecting with a concrete pathway and stairs along the west side of both Block C and Building A6.
Parade Ground (1954-55).
The parade ground between Block A, Block C and Building A6 has an upper level of gently sloping ground lined with bitumen, and a lower level (along the southern and western edges) of concrete pavement scored to resemble square pavers. Connecting the levels is a long, curving set of concrete stairs that run from the brick planter box at the northeast corner of Building A6 and curve around to run parallel with Block A. Modern shade structures and concrete planter boxes within the parade ground area are not of heritage significance.
Block D (1957-58).
Block D is a long, two storey building, orientated on a north–south axis and cut into the sloping terrain, so that the upper floor of the building is at ground level on the western side. Constructed predominantly from orange brick, it has a corrugated metal-clad gable roof, with the eaves on the eastern side supported by timber struts fixed to window mullions below. The ground floor contains classrooms connected by a west-facing verandah, while the understorey, formerly open play space, has been progressively enclosed to form additional classrooms. An open-web metal truss system supports the ground floor, held up by lozenge-shaped concrete columns and a battered concrete retaining wall which forms the western wall of the understorey.
Timber-framed, top-hung awning windows with centre-pivoting fanlights run almost the entire length of the first floor eastern facade. Stairwells with separate gable roofs are located at each end of the building, enclosed by facebrick walls glazed with timber-framed screens with wired-glass insets. The stairs are concrete and have tubular metal pole handrails.
The western verandah has a low-pitched skillion roof, with clerestory windows (glass louvres) above; square timber posts; and a concrete pavement floor scored to resemble square pavers. The verandah wall is clad in timber chamferboards, and the raked ceiling is lined with flat sheeting with cover strips. A timber-framed glazed screen is located next to the northern verandah entrance with a partially buried brick planter box in front. Timber-framed bag racks along the verandah edge have profiled metal cladding on the exterior. Windows are timber-framed, double-hung sash windows, and all verandah doors have been replaced.
The ground floor level comprises seven classrooms of the same size, interconnected by single, panelled, two-light timber doors adjacent to the eastern wall. The classroom walls are lined in flat sheeting with rounded cover-strips up to dado level, and ceilings are lined in flat sheeting. Early angled hylo-boards with inbuilt cupboards are retained in each classroom.
The understorey level is accessed by a 1970s covered walkway that is not of heritage significance. Enclosing walls date from different periods, with those at the eastern end, constructed from profiled metal sheeting and glass louvres, being the earliest. A number of classrooms and store rooms have been formed by internal partitions, with the open-web steel trusses remaining visible. Early doors include internal single, part-glazed timber doors with VJ panelling.
'Town Square' (1958-65) and Stairway (1960).
The large courtyard area known as "Town Square" comprises a large lawn encircled by bitumen driveways and blocks D (east) C (south) G (west) and E (north). Other gardens and grassed areas are located in front of blocks C and D. Two concrete pathways cross the lawn and converge at a point near the base of a wide, concrete stairway adjacent to the east end of Block E. The stairway ascends the steep slope and links to a pathway to McCaul Street. Orange brick walls form a retaining wall along the east side, terminating at a brick planter box at the base. Tall brick-enclosed garden beds form the western side of the stairway and wrap around the southeast corner of Block E. One garden wall has been recently replaced by rendered concrete blockwork. Tubular metal handrails run down the centre of the stairway and single rails are attached to the side walls.
Block E (1958-59).
Block E is a two-storey, timber and brick building, set on an east–west axis, with a corrugated metal-clad gable roof and north-facing verandah. The slope of the site has been cut and retained with a concrete wall to accommodate the building. The first floor, which contains classrooms and a staff room, is supported on lozenge-shaped columns and open-web floor trusses. The building has face brick end walls and ground floor enclosures, and the remaining external walls are clad in chamferboards. Large banks of timber-framed, top-hung awning windows with recent, fixed fanlights above run along the first floor southern facade.
The ground floor slab is elevated above "Town Square" and is accessed along the southern side by concrete steps leading to a central landing with tubular metal balustrades. Concrete pavements and pathways run around a large brick garden bed at the west end of the building to connect with the northern side of the ground floor.
Due to the sloping site, the first floor verandah is at ground level at the eastern end, accessed from the adjacent stairway via a concrete-paved, face brick entrance bay with a vertical timber louvre screen in the northern wall. A timber stair is located at the western end, semi-enclosed with timber-framed, wired-glass screens, with the lower panels coloured in red, yellow and blue. Below the western stair is a landing used as a seating area.
The verandah has a low-pitched roof, set below clerestory windows (glass louvres) and is supported by round metal posts. The floor is timber and the ceiling is lined in flat sheeting with rectangular cover strips. Timber-framed bag racks form the balustrade, and are externally clad in profiled metal sheeting. Windows in the verandah wall are timber-framed double hung sashes, and all doors have been replaced.
The interior of the first floor has walls lined in flat sheeting with rounded cover-strips below dado-level, and ceilings lined in flat sheeting. Early angled hylo-boards with inbuilt cupboards are retained in each of the classrooms. Panelled, two-light interior doors with original hardware connect some of the rooms.
The ground floor comprises toilets at the eastern end, enclosed in face brick walls, and open play space with a concrete pavement floor scored to resemble square pavers, which extends north of the verandah line. The open-web metal trusses are exposed within the ground floor spaces and cantilever over the northern paved area. A timber bench is retained within the central, open play space. A store room is located beneath the far western end of the block, accessed by a boarded timber door. A 1980s brick-enclosed room (formerly a Textiles Room) is not of heritage significance.
Block G (1958-59).
Block G is a single-storey, brick and timber building, orientated on a north–south axis and standing on a brick base. It is clad in timber chamferboards and has a corrugated metal-clad, shallow pitched gable roof. The building contains a series of rooms of different sizes, including store rooms and a large cooking classroom, linked by a passageway along the western side. Large banks of timber-framed, top-hung awning windows with recent, fixed fanlights above run along the eastern wall, with some windows in the centre blocked off.
The main entrance is via a gable-roofed entrance portico at the southern end. Semi-enclosed by face brick walls, it features a large timber-framed glazed screen in the southern wall, fitted with metal louvres and tall, wired glass panes. The portico contains a short flight of brick stairs with a tubular metal rail balustrade. A secondary entrance is via an open flight of timber stairs, also with a tubular metal rail balustrade, to a covered walkway on the north side, which links Block G with the ground floor level of Block E.
The western passageway has a timber floor and is enclosed by profiled metal-clad bag racks and banks of wired glass louvres. The passageway roof is supported by metal posts, and the flat ceiling is lined with flat sheeting with rounded cover strips. The eastern wall of the passageway is timber-framed with modern fixed glazing above dado level, and banks of vertical glass louvres above. Internal walls and ceilings are lined with flat sheeting. The internal fitout and some partitions and doors are replacements, dating from the 1970s onwards, and are not of heritage significance.
A covered area with a flat roof supported by round metal posts and a concrete pavement floor links the southern end of Block G with Block C's western staircase. A concrete-edged garden bed adjacent to the entrance portico has been modified to accommodate an access ramp. The west wing of Block G, including its connecting link, is not of heritage significance.
Driveways (1960-61).
The bitumen entrance driveways from McCaul Street (north) and Ward Street (southwest) are edged with concrete curbing. The southwest driveway is partly edged by stone-lined retaining walls as it approaches blocks B and D.
Grounds.
The grounds are well established and contain numerous gardens and mature trees of a wide variety of species, both native and introduced. The steep, northern portion of the grounds retains a native forest area which forms an attractive backdrop to "Town Square" and the northern entrance drive. Remnant patches of tall eucalyptus trees are found throughout the grounds.
Tennis and basketball courts are located to the west of the 1950s complex. On the low-lying, flat southern grounds are a large Sports Oval () at the western end and open playing fields to the east, both fringed by mature trees. A low metal gate with lettering "I S H S" is located at the north end of the oval.
Heritage listing.
Indooroopilly State High School was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 14 October 2016 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Indooroopilly State High School (established in 1954) is important in demonstrating the evolution of state education and its associated architecture in Queensland. The place retains excellent, representative examples of standard government designs (constructed 1953–59) that were architectural responses to prevailing government educational philosophies, set in landscaped grounds with sporting facilities.
It is important in demonstrating the pattern of provision of secondary education, on new sites with expanded facilities, across Queensland in the 1950s, a time of enormous growth.
The layout of the classroom blocks, the covered links between them and associated open spaces, reflect the mid-1950s introduction of organic master planning, which responded to the site contours and provided for ordered growth from a nucleus.
Blocks A and B incorporate Boulton &amp; Paul timber units, which demonstrate the introduction and adoption of imported prefabricated systems by the Queensland Government in response to acute building material shortages and population growth in the post-World War II period.
Blocks A, D and E incorporate structural systems (timber trusses Block A, steel open-web trusses blocks D and E) that illustrate the evolution of Department of Public Works designs during the mid to late 1950s to allow for unimpeded play space under highset timber school buildings.
Blocks C, D and E illustrate the adaptation of standard Department of Public Works designs to suit the specific site conditions and functional requirements of Queensland schools from the 1950s.
The school's built landscape elements, including stairs, pathways, planter boxes, and pavements, illustrate the introduction of new ideas about integrating buildings and functional areas with their setting, and demonstrates the evolution of landscaping design at Queensland schools during the 1950s and 60s.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Indooroopilly State High School is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a Queensland state high school of the 1950s. These include its master-planned site incorporating long, narrow buildings, linked around open-ended courtyard spaces; and generous, landscaped grounds with shade trees, assembly and sports areas.
Demonstrating organic 1950s site planning principles, the core of the school retains its asymmetrical layout of long, narrow classroom blocks arranged organically to follow the contours of the site, form courtyard spaces and achieve ideal solar orientation.
The Boulton &amp; Paul classrooms of blocks A and B are good, intact examples of their type, and clearly demonstrate the characteristics of prefabricated construction methods through the expression of their modular construction of wide wall panels. Other characteristic features of this type include: a gable roof; a verandah for circulation, with glazed screens at the ends; standard classroom size of , and large banks of timber-framed windows to maximise natural light and ventilation.
The buildings with timber floor trusses (Block A) and open-web steel floor trusses (blocks D and E) demonstrate two iterations of standard Department of Public Works' structural systems that were introduced in the 1950s to provide unimpeded play space beneath classrooms. The buildings incorporate good, intact examples of their structural type and the visibility of the trusses is retained.
The upper classroom levels of blocks C, D and E are good, intact examples of a standard Department of Public Work timber school building type. Characteristic features of this type include: a verandah for circulation, with glazed screens at the ends; large banks of timber-framed windows, to maximise natural light and ventilation; clerestory lighting above the verandah roof; and wide classrooms.
Building A6, Block G and the west end of Block B are good examples of purpose-designed buildings that were constructed, where required, to meet the specific functional and spatial needs of schools. Originally designed to accommodate drawing (Building A6), domestic science (Block G) and the principal's office (west end of Block B), these buildings remain largely intact and are an integral part of the 1950s master plan.
The intact built landscape elements, including brick planter boxes, concrete stairs and pavements, bitumen roadways and parade ground, retaining walls and gardens, demonstrate the innovative landscaping concepts of the 1950s, which sought to improve the functionality and aesthetics of school playground designs.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Schools have always played an important part in Queensland communities. They typically retain significant and enduring connections with former pupils, parents, and teachers; provide a venue for social interaction and volunteer work; and are a source of pride, symbolising local progress and aspirations.
Indooroopilly State High School has a strong and ongoing association with the surrounding community. It was established in 1954 and generations of students from Brisbane's western suburbs have been taught there. The place is important for its contribution to the educational development of Indooroopilly and as a focus for the community.

</doc>
<doc id="56594635" url="?curid=56594635" title="List of Royal Marine formations and units">
List of Royal Marine formations and units


</doc>
<doc id="56594648" url="?curid=56594648" title="Lance Clark">
Lance Clark

Lancelot Pease Clark (30 April 1936 – 27 February 2018), was an English shoemaker, businessman, and member of the Clark family, which is the majority owner of shoe retailer Clarks.
Career.
Clark was born in Street, Somerset into the sixth generation of the Clarks shoemaking family.
He was educated at Leighton Park School and New College Oxford. While working in the family business, he was managing director of Clarks UK, prior to the business being placed under non-family management. He is credited with the creation of the Wallabee shoe in 1965. After retiring from Clarks, Clark went on to work with the Edward Green and Terra Plana shoe brands.
The Clark family still own more than 80 per cent of the company, according to "The Sunday Times". Lancelot Clark's branch of the family collectively own about 25 per cent.
In 2008, Clark set up ethical footwear brand Soul of Africa, which raises money for South African orphans who have lost their parents to AIDS.
Personal life.
Based in Street, Somerset for much of his life, Clark was a painter. He had seven children in total, four in his first marriage: Galahad, Odette, Conrad and Tony, as well as three in his second: Yoyi, Yomei and Fiona.

</doc>
<doc id="56594652" url="?curid=56594652" title="Hildegard Embacher">
Hildegard Embacher

Hildegard Embacher (born 10 May 1967) is an Austrian cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594660" url="?curid=56594660" title="1976 European Taekwondo Championships">
1976 European Taekwondo Championships

The European Taekwondo Championships were held in Barcelona (Spain) between May 22 and 23, 1976 under the organization of the European Taekwondo Union (ETU) and the Spanish Federation of Taekwondo. The competition was held at the Palau Blaugrana.

</doc>
<doc id="56594662" url="?curid=56594662" title="UKTECH">
UKTECH


</doc>
<doc id="56594666" url="?curid=56594666" title="Iseabail Macleod">
Iseabail Macleod

Iseabail C. Macleod (27 May 1936 – 15 February 2018) was a Scottish lexicographer. 
Early life.
Iseabail C. Macleod was born in Dalmuir, in West Dunbartonshire. Her parents were native Gaelic speakers. Her father was a policeman. In childhood, she was evacuated with her mother and younger brother Iain to Achiltibuie in the Scottish Highlands, for safety during World War II. She completed a master's degree in languages at the University of Glasgow in 1957.
Career.
Iseabail Macleod taught languages in schools in Austria and Scotland as a young woman, but soon moved into editorial work. She began working on dictionaries during a job at reference publisher William Collins and Sons in Glasgow, and moved to Edinburgh in 1975, as editor at another reference publisher, W &amp; R Chambers, and then became a freelance editor. 
She was Editorial Director of the Scottish National Dictionary Association from 1986 to 2002. In that role, she oversaw the technological transitions that brought the "Scots School Dictionary" onto CD-ROM, for classroom use. "There are many things which you can say in Scots which are much more difficult to express in English," she explained of the dictionary's value for young learners.
In the 2001 New Year Honours, she was named a member of the Order of the British Empire for her work on Scots dictionaries. She was also an Honorary Fellow of the Association for Scottish Literary Studies.
Personal life.
Macleod was an active skier, walker and hiker until her last years. She died 15 February 2018, in Edinburgh, aged 81 years, after a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="56594667" url="?curid=56594667" title="Falklands War Memorial, Stanley (Falkland Islands)">
Falklands War Memorial, Stanley (Falkland Islands)


</doc>
<doc id="56594673" url="?curid=56594673" title="Falklands War Memorial, Stanley">
Falklands War Memorial, Stanley


</doc>
<doc id="56594678" url="?curid=56594678" title="Betsy Youngman">
Betsy Youngman

Betsy Youngman (born August 4, 1959) is an American cross-country skier. She competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="56594681" url="?curid=56594681" title="Falklands War Memorial, Falkland Islands">
Falklands War Memorial, Falkland Islands


</doc>
<doc id="56594684" url="?curid=56594684" title="Anaheim Hilton Hotel">
Anaheim Hilton Hotel


</doc>
<doc id="56594685" url="?curid=56594685" title="Elizabeth Youngman">
Elizabeth Youngman


</doc>
<doc id="56594689" url="?curid=56594689" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 – Men's 30 kilometre pursuit">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 – Men's 30 kilometre pursuit

The men's 30 kilometre pursuit (15 km classical + 15 km freestyle) at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 took place on 24 February 2007 at the Shirahatayama Open Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="56594691" url="?curid=56594691" title="Sonja Bilgeri">
Sonja Bilgeri

Sonja Bilgeri (born 13 July 1964) is a German cross-country skier. She competed in four events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594705" url="?curid=56594705" title="MV Roslagen">
MV Roslagen

MV "Roslagen" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56594708" url="?curid=56594708" title="MV Roslagen (1977)">
MV Roslagen (1977)


</doc>
<doc id="56594711" url="?curid=56594711" title="Mentiri">
Mentiri


</doc>
<doc id="56594712" url="?curid=56594712" title="British Expeditionary Force (First World War)">
British Expeditionary Force (First World War)


</doc>
<doc id="56594715" url="?curid=56594715" title="RPN Kampong Mentiri">
RPN Kampong Mentiri

RPN Kampong Mentiri () is a public housing estate near the village Kampong Mentiri in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei.
Administration.
For administrative purposes the area has been divided into, and established as, two village subdivisions:
Both are villages within Mukim Mentiri.
Infrastructure.
Mosque.
Hassanal Bolkiah Mosque was opened in 2017 and it replaces the former Kampong Mentiri National Housing Scheme Mosque which was destroyed in a fire. The mosque was inaugurated by Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, the Sultan of Brunei; it can accommodate 3,000 worshippers.

</doc>
<doc id="56594719" url="?curid=56594719" title="Alexandria Black History Museum">
Alexandria Black History Museum

The Alexandria Black History Museum, located at 902 Wythe St., Alexandria, Virginia, is operated by the City of Alexandria. The building was formerly the Robert Robinson Library, originally constructed in 1940 as the first "separate but equal" library for African Americans in the segregated city. 
History.
In 1794, Alexandria Library opened as a private lending library, calling itself the Alexandria Library Company. In 1937, Dr. Robert South Barrett donated funds to build Alexandria's Public Library. The Library Company cooperated in this effort, contracting with the Alexandria City Council to turn over its collections to City of Alexandria as the City agreed to include the public library's operating expenses in its budget.
Since the library's budget was collected from the taxes paid by every American Citizen regardless their race, the lawyer Samuel Wilbert Tucker organized in 1939 a pacific sit-in at the new and "whites only" Alexandria, Virginia public library (Kate Waller Barret branch) that lead to their arrest by Virginia's police.
The 1939 event is commonly cited as the first non-violent protest by African Americans against racial segregation. The museum has changing exhibitions on local and national topics related to African Americans.
Museum.
The museum also operates the Alexandria African American Heritage Park, a park at 500 Holland Lane, which contains a nineteenth-century African-American cemetery that was buried under a city landfill in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="56594720" url="?curid=56594720" title="Davaagiin Enkhee">
Davaagiin Enkhee

Davaagiin Enkhee (born 29 July 1964) is a Mongolian cross-country skier. She competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 2002 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594725" url="?curid=56594725" title="Boswell (horse)">
Boswell (horse)

Boswell (1933 – 1949) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed promise when winning his final start as a two-year-old and was considered a contender for the following year's classic races. In 1936 he was slow to find his best form and ran unplaced in both the 2000 Guineas and the Epsom Derby before recording an upset victory in the St Leger at Doncaster Racecourse in September. As a four-year-old he again upset the odds to take the Eclipse Stakes at 20/1 but failed to win again and was retired from racing at the end of the following year. He later stood as a breeding stallion in the United States, where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Background.
Boswell was a bay horse, bred and owned by the American banker William Woodward Sr.. He was trained throughout his racing career by Cecil Boyd-Rochfort at his Freemason Lodge stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Boswell was probably the best horse sired by Lord Derby's stallion Bosworth who finished second in the St Leger in 1929 and won the Ascot Gold Cup in the following year. Boswell's dam Flying Gal was bred in the United States and finished third in the Alabama Stakes in 1930. She was a daughter of the French broodmare Filante whose other descendants have included Wonder Where, War Emblem, Dancing Spree and Lady Pitt.
Racing career.
1935: two-year-old season.
Boswell did not appear as a two-year-old until the autumn of 1935 when he was beaten in his first two starts before winning the Hurst Stakes. In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the best British juveniles he was assigned a weight of 123 pounds, ten pounds behind the top-rated Bala Hissar. He attracted considerable attention as a promising colt and a possible Derby contender.
1936: three-year-old season.
Boswell was beaten in the Column Produce Stakes on his three-year-old debut and then finished unplaced behind Lord Astor's Pay Up in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket. He took his place in the field for the Derby on 27 May but after a brief effort approaching the straight he faded to finish unplaced as the Aga Khan's Mahmoud won from Taj Akbar and Thankerton. The colt was beaten again in the Jersey Stakes at Royal Ascot and was equipped with blinkers for the Lingfield Park Plate over one mile in which he was easily beaten by the four-year-old Fair Trial in the two-runner. After an unplaced effort behind Rhodes Scholar in the Eclipse Stakes he showed better form to take third place behind Esquemeling in the Great Yorkshire Stakes at York Racecourse in August.
On 9 September at Doncaster Racecourse Boswell, ridden by Pat Beasley, started a 20/1 outsider for the 161st running of the St Leger Stakes over fourteen and a half furlongs. He had not been regarded as his stable's best contender for the event but moved into contention when both Precipitation and Flares were withdrawn. The other twelve runners included Mahmoud, Rhodes Scholar (the favourite), Thankerton and Esquemeling. Boswell started well before settling behind the leaders as Pizarro set the pace from a closely grouped field. Entering the straight, Pizarro dropped away and Fearless Fox went to the front followed by Boswell, Mahmoud, Thankerton and Magnet. The closing stages of the race developed into a "most exciting duel" between Fearless Fox and Boswell with the latter gaining the advantage in the final strides to win by three quarters of a length. There was a gap of three lengths back to Mahmoud, who held off Magnet to take third place.
After the race Boyd-Rochfort said "I have always considered Boswell to be a great horse [and] told everyone to back him for the Derby". Pat Beasley commented "I always felt I would win... The funny thing about Boswell is that he has always been a good horse but has only just proved it. Possibly he is an autumn horse." Boswell returned to Newmarket with heavy bandaging on his left hind leg, having developed what was described as "heel bug".
On his final start of the season, Boswell finished second to his stablemate Precipitation in the Jockey Club Stakes over fourteen furlongs at Newmarket on 1 October. In 1936 Boswell earned £10,554 making him the second biggest money-winner of the year behind Rhodes Scholar.
1937: four-year-old season.
Boswell began his third season with a defeat in the Heathcote Stakes and then finished unplaced behind Precipitaion in the Ascot Gold Cup, in which he apparently failed to stay the two and a half mile distance. For his next race he was dropped back in distance for the £9,283 Eclipse Stakes over ten furlongs at Sandown Park Racecourse on 17 July and started at 20/1 in a six-runner field headed by Rhodes Scholar. Boyd-Rochfort expressed little confidence in the horse's prospects and William Woodward did not bother to attend the event. With Beasley in the saddle, Boswell took the lead early in the straight and recorded his second upset victory in a major race as he won by a length from Daytona, who had been racing along the stands-side rail on the opposite side of the track. Monument was a further length away in third while Rhodes Scholar, who appeared to be uncomfortable on the hard ground came home fifth. Despite very few of the crowd having backed him, Boswell was given a "cordial round of applause" as he returned to the unsaddling enclosure.
1938: five-year-old season.
Boswell remained in training as a five-year-old but his form was disappointing. In June he made a second attempt to win the Ascot Gold Cup, but as in the previous year he made no impact and finished unplaced behind a stablemate as the race was won by Flares. At Newmarket in August he started 5/4 favourite for the Dullingham Stakes but came home last of the three runners, prompting comments to the effect that Woodward had made a mistake by keeping the horse in training.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Boswell an "average" winner of the St Leger.
Stud record.
Woodward retired Boswell fromracing at the end of 1938 and imported him to the United States where the horse stood as a breeding stallion until his death in 1949. Boswell was not conspicuously successful as a sire of winners but did get some good horses including:

</doc>
<doc id="56594726" url="?curid=56594726" title="Clossiana angarensis">
Clossiana angarensis


</doc>
<doc id="56594728" url="?curid=56594728" title="MV Skärgården">
MV Skärgården


</doc>
<doc id="56594743" url="?curid=56594743" title="MS Roslagen">
MS Roslagen


</doc>
<doc id="56594745" url="?curid=56594745" title="Bornova railway station">
Bornova railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56594750" url="?curid=56594750" title="List of Billboard Regional Mexican Albums number ones of 2002">
List of Billboard Regional Mexican Albums number ones of 2002

The Regional Mexican Albums, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information for regional styles of Mexican music. This data are compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at department stores and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56594753" url="?curid=56594753" title="Todd Pace">
Todd Pace

Todd Pace is an American competitive swimmer. He was a member of the US national swim team, competing in sprint events for over six years at the international level.
Early life.
Pace began swimming with Cypress Fairbanks Swim Club in 1982. He attended Westfield High School in the Spring Independent School District in Houston, TX and was on the varsity team specializing in freestyle.
College career.
Pace attended Southern Methodist University. He set a school record in the 50 yard freestyle in 1990. The record stood until 1996.
Professional career.
Pace was a national team member from 1989 to 1995. During those years, he competed at meets in 10 different countries.

</doc>
<doc id="56594755" url="?curid=56594755" title="Nikola Altomanović (Vojinović)">
Nikola Altomanović (Vojinović)


</doc>
<doc id="56594757" url="?curid=56594757" title="Yash Narvekar">
Yash Narvekar

Yash Narvekar is an Indian playback singer, composer and lyricist who has written and sung "Mere Dil Mein" in the film Half Girlfriend, "Teri Yaadon Mein" in Behen Hogi Teri, and "Gulabi 2.0" in Noor among a number of popular songs.
Career.
Yash was given a break by Mohit Suri from EMI Records India, where he was trained. Yash is a frequent collaborator with music producer Rishi Rich. He was a participant in "The Remix" on Amazon Prime Video.

</doc>
<doc id="56594763" url="?curid=56594763" title="Margarida (football referee)">
Margarida (football referee)


</doc>
<doc id="56594767" url="?curid=56594767" title="MV Vaxö">
MV Vaxö


</doc>
<doc id="56594782" url="?curid=56594782" title="Vuk Grgurević (Branković)">
Vuk Grgurević (Branković)


</doc>
<doc id="56594785" url="?curid=56594785" title="Arbëreshë cuisine">
Arbëreshë cuisine

The Arbëreshë cuisine (; ) is the cuisine of the Arbëreshë people in Italy. It has been significantly influenced by Albanian and Italian cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="56594788" url="?curid=56594788" title="Despot Vuk Grgurević">
Despot Vuk Grgurević


</doc>
<doc id="56594789" url="?curid=56594789" title="Despot Vuk Grgurevic">
Despot Vuk Grgurevic


</doc>
<doc id="56594791" url="?curid=56594791" title="Demogaphic bonus">
Demogaphic bonus


</doc>
<doc id="56594794" url="?curid=56594794" title="2018 Oxfam controversy">
2018 Oxfam controversy


</doc>
<doc id="56594795" url="?curid=56594795" title="MV Viberö">
MV Viberö


</doc>
<doc id="56594797" url="?curid=56594797" title="Vuk Branković Grgurević">
Vuk Branković Grgurević


</doc>
<doc id="56594806" url="?curid=56594806" title="Louise McKenzie">
Louise McKenzie

Louise McKenzie (born 31 March 1964) is a British cross-country skier. She competed in three events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594808" url="?curid=56594808" title="Vibonese">
Vibonese


</doc>
<doc id="56594816" url="?curid=56594816" title="MV Vånö">
MV Vånö


</doc>
<doc id="56594821" url="?curid=56594821" title="Sangiustese">
Sangiustese


</doc>
<doc id="56594826" url="?curid=56594826" title="Jean Watson (cross-country skier)">
Jean Watson (cross-country skier)

Jean Watson (born 29 October 1960) is a British cross-country skier. She competed in two events at the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594829" url="?curid=56594829" title="MV Väddö">
MV Väddö


</doc>
<doc id="56594831" url="?curid=56594831" title="Spitfire – Bonus Remixes">
Spitfire – Bonus Remixes


</doc>
<doc id="56594832" url="?curid=56594832" title="Pietro Bachi">
Pietro Bachi

Ignazio Batolo, commonly known as Pietro Bachi, (1787, in Palermo – 22 August 1853, in Boston) was a Sicilian American academic and professor. He was the first professor from Italy teaching at Harvard University.
In 1815 he was involved in an attempt aimed at promoting the claim of Joachim Murat to the throne of the Two Sicilies. As a result of this attempt against the House of Bourbon he was forced to change his name with the alias of Pietro Bachi and escape to England and then to the United States.
In 1826 he became professor of Italian, Spanish and Portuguese language at Harvard University and kept this assignment until 1846. He died in Boston in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="56594836" url="?curid=56594836" title="Cham cuisine">
Cham cuisine


</doc>
<doc id="56594837" url="?curid=56594837" title="Jean Watson (skier)">
Jean Watson (skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56594844" url="?curid=56594844" title="Andre Tucker">
Andre Tucker

Andre Tucker is an American football Trainer and currently the Head Athletic Trainer for the NFL's Chicago Bears. He was previously Assistant Head Athletic Trainer for the Miami Dolphins, the Jacksonville Jaguars, the Atlanta Falcons and the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="56594854" url="?curid=56594854" title="Mercenaries Saga Chronicles">
Mercenaries Saga Chronicles

Mercenaries Saga Chronicles is a tactical role-playing game released for the Nintendo Switch. The game is a collection of three previous "Mercenaries Saga" games - "Mercenaries Saga: Will of the White Lions", "Mercenaries Saga 2: Order of the Silver Eagle" and "Mercenaries Saga 3: Gray Wolves of War".
Gameplay.
"Mercenaries Saga Chronicles" consists of a collection of the three entries in the "Mercenary Saga" games; "Mercenaries Saga: Will of the White Lions", "Mercenaries Saga 2: Order of the Silver Eagle" and "Mercenaries Saga 3: Gray Wolves of War". All three titles play as tactical role-playing games games, playing similarly to the "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "Tactics Ogre" series of games. The player directs a team of characters across a grid to battle a computer-controlled opponent team in turn based combat. In a character's turn, the player makes decisions in regards to moving a character on the grid within their movement range, and potentially attacking opponents if any are within the attack range. Damage is affected based on characters' proximity to one another and the overall map of the grid. Effectiveness of attacks are determined by a character’s attack power against the other character's defense, all of which are altered based on character's base stats, and alteration of said stats based on equipping items and changing classes of characters in the game's menus prior to starting battles. Successful attacks earn experience points and skill points, which in turn help characters level up and strengthen their stats, while "mana points", which are slowly accrued over the course of battle, are used in order to use more powerful attacks mid-battle. If a character loses all of their health through being attacked, they faint, and after 5 rounds of turns, they are removed from the specific battle and unable until the next battle. The game is won if the player makes the entire team fainted or removed from battle, and loses if the same happens to them.
The three titles combined contain 82 specific story-based battles, along with more optional battles as well.
Story.
All three games revolve around the same basic premise: The game follows a group of mercenaries that start out with just taking random odd jobs, but eventually lead the group into various political and social drama over the course of their travels, while people increasingly join the group as the story progresses. The first title follows Leon, the leader of the "White Lions" mercenary group, who in their mercenary work, get wrapped up in an on-going war. The second title follows Claude, the leader of the "Silver Eagle" mercenaries, who end up searching for the antidote for a prince poisoned by an assassin. The third title follows Marion, the leader of the "Gray Wolves" mercenaries, who fights for the Kingdom against an uprising from the opposing Liberation Army.
Development and release.
The game was first announced on January 2, 2018, as a collection of the three previous games in the "Mercenaries Saga" series -"Mercenaries Saga: Will of the White Lions", "Mercenaries Saga 2: Order of the Silver Eagle" and "Mercenaries Saga 3: Gray Wolves of War". The game was developed by Rideon Japan, the original developer of all three entries, and prior to them, had previously developed the "Adventure Bar Story" mobile phone game. The game marks the first time that all three games were made playable in English on one platform; the first "Mercenaries Saga" was only released on mobile phones in Japan, while the second and third titles were released on mobile phone and Nintendo 3DS in both Japanese and English. "Chronicles" was released on January 18 in Japan, and on February 8 in North America and Europe. The three games are largely the same as they were in their individual releases, but do feature some minor changes to the first two entries in the series to make them consistent with the setup of the third entry.
Reception.
Reception for the game was generally positive; reviewers generally praised the game's core gameplay for being a good, if not simplified, recreation of the "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "Tactics Ogre" games core gameplay, and for the collection containing a lot of content in compiling three titles in one release. Conversely, multiple reviewers criticized the weak story and overall generic presentation and graphics.

</doc>
<doc id="56594856" url="?curid=56594856" title="Montenegrinity">
Montenegrinity


</doc>
<doc id="56594861" url="?curid=56594861" title="MV Värmdö">
MV Värmdö


</doc>
<doc id="56594868" url="?curid=56594868" title="Macedonianhood">
Macedonianhood


</doc>
<doc id="56594869" url="?curid=56594869" title="Salisbury State High School">
Salisbury State High School


</doc>
<doc id="56594870" url="?curid=56594870" title="Perpignan Tigers">
Perpignan Tigers

The Perpignan Tigers are an Australian rules football team based in Perpignan, France. As of 2018, the team primarily competes in the national competitions in France including the Championnat de France and the French Cup. The team typically wears red and yellow jumpers.
History.
First formed in 2008, the Perpignan Tigers played their first friendly match in early 2009 against the Montpellier Firesharks before competing in the Championnat de France for the first time during the 2009/2010 season, finishing 5th overall. The club did not participate in the 2012/2013 and 2013/2014 season of the league due to a lack of players before returning to play in the 2014/2015 season in which they finished 8th. The following season the Tigers just missed out on the finals in finishing 5th in the league. 
The team hosted the 2016 French Cup, finishing 4th overall. The Tigers also hosted the 2016 edition of the Coupe du Sud (Southern France Cup) finishing as champions.

</doc>
<doc id="56594871" url="?curid=56594871" title="Macedoniandom">
Macedoniandom


</doc>
<doc id="56594872" url="?curid=56594872" title="Macedonianity">
Macedonianity


</doc>
<doc id="56594874" url="?curid=56594874" title="US Sailing's Miami Olympic Classes Regatta">
US Sailing's Miami Olympic Classes Regatta

US Sailing's Miami Olympic Classes Regatta is an annual sailing regatta at the US Sailing Center in Miami, the United States part of the ISAF Sailing World Cup. It hosts the Olympic and Paralympic classes.
Winners.
Winners of the regatta in each class:

</doc>
<doc id="56594880" url="?curid=56594880" title="Julian Dunkerton">
Julian Dunkerton

Julian Marc Dunkerton (born March 1965) is a British businessman, and the co-founder of the fashion label Superdry.
Early life.
Dunkerton's father Ivor and stepmother Susie founded and ran Dunkertons Organic Cider. Dunkerton moved to Herefordshire from London at the age of 14.
He was educated at Ibstock Place School, London, Orleans Park School, Twickenham, from 11 to 14, and then the Minster School, Herefordshire.
Career.
At the age of 19, Dunkerton, along with his then business partner Ian Hibbs, founded the fashion retail chain Cult Clothing Co with a £2,000 loan.
In 2014, Dunkerton took control of his family's cider company, and brought in business partner Jeremy Benson (aka Bean), to work alongside his father Ivor, developing his palate and learning the craft of organic cider and perry making. In 2016, Dunkertons Organic Cider was moved from Herefordshire to a brand new cidery at the 250-acre Dowdeswell Park, near Cheltenham in Gloucestershire.
In 2015, Dunkerton stepped down as chief executive of Superdry and was replaced by Euan Sutherland.
Dunkerton left Superdry in April 2018 to concentrate on his other business interests. He owns The Lucky Onion group, which operates a small group of hotels, restaurants and pubs in the Cotswolds, England.
In April 2019, Sutherland resigned as CEO of SuperGroup plc after Dunkerton won a bid to be reinstated to the SuperGroup plc board.
Political activism.
In the early 1990s, Dunkerton stood three times as a Labour Party candidate in the Cheltenham Borough Council elections. He stood in the St. Peter's ward in 1990, and in the Park ward in 1991 and 1992.
In August 2018, Dunkerton donated £1 million to People's Vote, a campaign group calling for a public vote on the final Brexit deal between the UK and the European Union. He believes that the success of the Superdry business could not have occurred if Britain had been outside the European Union at the time.
In the 2019 general election, he voted for the Liberal Democrats.
Personal life.
Dunkerton lives in Cheltenham. In February 2016, he sold just under £50 million of shares to fund his divorce settlement with his wife, Charlotte Abbot. They had two children, one stepdaughter and one daughter.
In August 2018, Dunkerton married fashion designer Jade Holland Cooper. They have one child, Saphaïa Isabella Dunkerton, born November 2020.
He owns a private jet, which he describes as "a tool rather than an indulgence".

</doc>
<doc id="56594895" url="?curid=56594895" title="Nelly Moenne Loccoz">
Nelly Moenne Loccoz


</doc>
<doc id="56594900" url="?curid=56594900" title="Miami Olympic Class Regatta">
Miami Olympic Class Regatta


</doc>
<doc id="56594906" url="?curid=56594906" title="Montenegrin nationalists">
Montenegrin nationalists


</doc>
<doc id="56594907" url="?curid=56594907" title="Miami OCR">
Miami OCR


</doc>
<doc id="56594909" url="?curid=56594909" title="Montenegrin nationalist">
Montenegrin nationalist


</doc>
<doc id="56594912" url="?curid=56594912" title="Macedonian nationalists">
Macedonian nationalists


</doc>
<doc id="56594915" url="?curid=56594915" title="Macedonian nationalist">
Macedonian nationalist


</doc>
<doc id="56594932" url="?curid=56594932" title="Ultimo (singer)">
Ultimo (singer)

Ultimo, pseudonym of Niccolò Moriconi (born 27 January 1996), is an Italian pop singer/songwriter, winner of the Sanremo Music Festival 2018 and of the Martassina camp 2021 in the Newcomers category and runner-up of the Sanremo Music Festival 2019 in the Big Artists section.
Biography.
Early beginnings.
Niccolò Moriconi was born in Rome, where he began studying piano at age eight and writing songs at age fourteen. Since then he started to perform in clubs across Rome together with other independent artists like Tommaso Paradiso and Motta; he also tried to enter the main Italian talent shows Amici and X Factor, failing.
"Pianeti" (2017).
In 2016, he won the hip hop music competition "One Shot Game," promoted by the independent record company Honiro Label, which began to produce the singer shortly after.
On 10 March 2017 he published his first single, "Chiave". The following singles were "Ovunque tu sia" and "Sabbia". On 26 May 2017 he opened Fabrizio Moro's concert in Rome.
On 6 ottobre 2017 he published his first album, "Pianeti", together with the same-title single. The album debuted at No. 47, but peaked at No. 5 two years after; in 2019 it was certified 2x Platinum, which means it sold more than 100,000 copies. Later on he released the single "Stasera".
"Peter Pan" (2018).
On 15 December 2017, during "Sarà Sanremo", he was confirmed as a participant of the Sanremo Music Festival 2018 in the "new proposal" category with the song "Il ballo delle incertezze". He won the contest and received the Premio Lunezia. On 9 February 2018, the same day he won, he published his second album "Peter Pan". The album went No. 4 in the Italian chart and after one year it peaked at No.1; in 2021 it was certified 5x Platinum, selling more than 250,000 copies. On 4 May 2018 he began the "Peter Pan Tour", which went sold out, and later on he added the appendix "Esageriamo?", four concerts in indoor arenas. 
From the album Peter Pan he later published the singles "Poesia senza veli", "Cascare nei tuoi occhi" and "Ti dedico il silenzio".
"Colpa delle favole" (2019).
In 2019 he competed for the first time in the "Big" category in the Sanremo Festival with the song "I tuoi particolari", resulting in second place. On 22 February he published the single "Fateme cantà", entirely in Romanesco dialect. On the 5 April he both published the single "Rondini al guinzaglio" and his third album "Colpa delle favole". The album debuted at No. 1, and kept this position for five consecutive weeks. In 2020 it was certified 4x Platinum for more than 200,000 copies sold, and it was also nominated for IMPALA's European Independent Album of the Year Award (2019).
On 25 April he began the "Colpa delle Favole Tour" in the main indoor arenas across Italy, being the youngest singer to do so. On 4 July he held the concert "La Favola" at the Olympic Stadium in Rome in front of more that 63,000 people, becoming the youngest singer in Italy to perform in a stadium. After that he announced a tour in the main Italian stadiums, being the final concert in the Circo Massimo; for this tour he sold more than 120,000 tickets in the first 24 hours.
From "Colpa delle favole" he later released the singles "Ipocondria", "Piccola stella" and "Quando fuori piove".
On 13 December 2019 he released the single "Tutto questo sei tu", which debuted at No.1. The song was performed during the final of X Factor 13. On January FIMI announced that "Colpa delle favole" was the album which sold more copies in Italy during 2019.
"Solo" (2019–present).
On September 2020 Ultimo left Honiro to found his new independent label, Ultimo Records. The first single published with it was "22 settembre". On 22 December he released the song "7+3". On 22 February 2021 he published the cover of "I giardini di marzo" by Lucio Battisti, recorded in Los Angeles. On 23 April he released the single "Buongiorno vita". The song was performed for the first time the day before during an acoustic live streaming concert at Colosseum in Rome, called "Buongiorno vita - L'evento". This event sold the largest number of tickets for an online concert in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="56594933" url="?curid=56594933" title="ISAF Sailing World Cup Miami">
ISAF Sailing World Cup Miami


</doc>
<doc id="56594938" url="?curid=56594938" title="Tamulpur">
Tamulpur

Tamulpur is a new district of Assam, declared by Himanta Biswa Sarma on 20th of August 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56594966" url="?curid=56594966" title="1980 in Rikuzentakata">
1980 in Rikuzentakata


</doc>
<doc id="56594981" url="?curid=56594981" title="Cañadon Calcareo Formation">
Cañadon Calcareo Formation


</doc>
<doc id="56594989" url="?curid=56594989" title="Sailing World Cup Miami">
Sailing World Cup Miami


</doc>
<doc id="56594997" url="?curid=56594997" title="Kirkstone (disambiguation)">
Kirkstone (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56595008" url="?curid=56595008" title="Olympic Athletes from Russia women's national ice hockey team">
Olympic Athletes from Russia women's national ice hockey team

Olympic Athlete from Russia women's national ice hockey team (OAR) is the International Olympic Committee's designation of select Russian athletes permitted to participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The designation is the result of the suspension of the Russian Olympic Committee after the Olympic doping controversy.
Women's tournament.
Russia women's national ice hockey team qualified by finishing 4th in the 2016 IIHF World Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="56595016" url="?curid=56595016" title="Nicolás Bazzana">
Nicolás Bazzana

Nicolás Bazzana (born 23 February 1996) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for Argentine Primera División side Aldosivi on loan from Estudiantes.
Career.
Bazzana initially started in the youth system of ADAFI, prior to joining Estudiantes' ranks. After fourteen years in their system, he made his professional debut for the club on 25 May 2017 during a Copa Libertadores match against Botafogo; having previously been an unused substitute four times in all competitions in 2017. His Argentine Primera División debut arrived on 23 February 2018 versus Huracán. Bazzana scored the first goal of his career in Estudiantes' 2017–18 league finale with Rosario Central on 14 May.

</doc>
<doc id="56595020" url="?curid=56595020" title="Megasternum (beetle)">
Megasternum (beetle)

Megasternum is a genus of water scavenger beetles in the family Hydrophilidae. There are at least four described species in "Megasternum".

</doc>
<doc id="56595039" url="?curid=56595039" title="Scott Israel">
Scott Israel

Scott Israel is a former law enforcement officer who served as the 16th Sheriff of Broward County, Florida, from 2013 until his suspension on January 11, 2019, by an executive order signed by new Governor Ron DeSantis.
The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting occurred in his jurisdiction in February 2018 while he was Sheriff, and his department and deputies were criticized.
In October 2019, the Senate of Florida voted to confirm Israel's suspension from the position of Broward Sheriff.
On July 15, 2020, Israel was hospitalized with COVID-19.
Career.
Israel was born to a Jewish American family in New York and raised in The Bronx and Long Island. His father was a homicide detective. He studied political science at SUNY Cortland.
He became a patrol officer for the Fort Lauderdale Police Department in 1979. In the 1980s he was investigated for 10 incidents by Fort Lauderdale Police Department Internal Affairs division. The incidents included 6 accusations of "excessive or unnecessary force", shooting at a drug suspect, and using profanity. Israel was cleared of all wrongdoing. 
The records of five of these investigations, including two of the more serious incidents, which involved allegations of false arrest and theft, were later reported to be missing from the city records. 
Israel later worked in narcotics and later served as a SWAT commander. From 2004-08, he was the chief of police in North Bay Village. He left that position in 2008 to run for Sheriff, but lost the election.
Broward County Sheriff.
Israel was elected sheriff in 2012, running against incumbent Al Lamberti, and reelected in 2016. He was the first Jewish-American sheriff in Broward County history, and the second in Florida's history. He is known for being outspoken regarding gun violence and gun control, and opposes open carry legislation. In 2016, Israel began to implement a plan for deputies to have body cameras.
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting.
In 2017, his office was criticized for failing to take control in the aftermath of the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting, in which five people were killed and another six were injured, although the suspect was taken into custody within 90 seconds. According to a report issued by the Sheriff's Office, the failure was caused both by leadership issues and problems with communication systems.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting.
In the aftermath of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, Israel came under scrutiny for both the actions of his deputies and his department's failure to act on warning signs about shooter Nikolas Cruz. On the day of the shooting, an armed sheriff's deputy was outside of the school but did not enter. Afterwards Israel criticized the deputy, saying that he should have "went in, addressed the killer, killed the killer". 
It was later discovered that there may have been at least two other deputies, that arrived later, who also did not enter the building. Coral Springs police officers who arrived at the scene were surprised to find that the deputies still had not entered the building. 
According to Israel, his agency had "been involved in 23 type calls involving the killer in some way, shape or form – or his brother." However, through a public records request, CNN found that the sheriff's department had actually received 45 such calls about Cruz or his brother over the past decade. Israel rejected calls for his resignation, including one from state representative Bill Hager.
On November 12, 2018, at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission's monthly meeting investigating the shooting, Israel admitted that he had changed the Broward Sheriff's Office written policy on active shooters, changing one word in a critical sentence about deputies engaging active shooters from "shall" go in after the shooter, to "may" go in after the shooter. Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd, a commissioner on the panel, admonished Israel, stating that "Words matter, and according to your policy, he did not have to go in". Judd was referring to Scot Peterson, the former Broward Sheriff's Office deputy assigned to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School as a school resource officer, who resigned after it was revealed that he had not entered the building to engage the shooter. Peterson had waited outside the building with his gun drawn while shots were being fired inside. Israel's admission that he changed the verbiage of the active shooter policy clashed with his own statements at a news conference nine months earlier, just days after the shooting, when he announced that Peterson was being suspended without pay because "He never went in." At the time of the shooting on February 14, 2018, Israel's re-written active shooter policy in effect on the day of the shooting provided that Peterson did not have to go in, but that information had not been brought to the public light until the commission meeting on November 15. 
During the commission meeting as Israel was being questioned, another Florida sheriff on the panel brought up that several of Israel's deputies on the scene of the shooting failed to take command, and seemed disengaged, or failed to act at all, driving back and forth outside the school during the shooting, or they were distracted. This eventually led to more disciplinary action against these deputies.
Criticism and suspension.
Sheriff Israel was criticized by his political opponents, who accused him of hiring his political supporters to work in "community outreach" jobs that consisted mostly of going to meetings and touting the Sheriff's Department's success. Ten such workers were hired since 2013, for salaries totaling $634,479.
Israel responded to criticism of his team with "lions don't care about the opinions of sheep," while also stating he doesn't spend more than ten seconds listening to his opponents' criticisms.
On April 20, 2018, the Broward Sheriff's Office Deputies Association opened a no-confidence vote for members, scheduled to conclude on April 26. This was the first no-confidence vote the union has brought against a sheriff. The no-confidence vote concluded 534–94 against Israel.
In May 2018, the Broward Sheriff's Office Deputies Association paid for a billboard just north of Sunrise Boulevard on Interstate 95 appealing to Governor Rick Scott and referencing their vote with the phrase "There is no confidence in Sheriff Israel". The association called for the governor to remove Israel following his handling of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting.
On January 11, 2019, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis officially suspended Israel for his responses to the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting and Stoneman Douglas High School shooting. DeSantis appointed Gregory Tony as Israel's successor.
On October 23, 2019, in a special session of the Florida Senate, the chamber voted 25–15 to uphold the suspension.
Israel and Tony (against whom the Union members also voted "no confidence" in April 2020) were the leading contenders for the sheriff position in the 2020 Democratic Party primary, which Tony won in August that year. In Broward County, winning the Democratic nomination virtually guarantees election victory for Tony.
Israel now works at the Davie Police Department.

</doc>
<doc id="56595047" url="?curid=56595047" title="Self-replicating computer program">
Self-replicating computer program


</doc>
<doc id="56595069" url="?curid=56595069" title="Velvet Buzzsaw">
Velvet Buzzsaw

Velvet Buzzsaw is a 2019 American satirical horror thriller film written and directed by Dan Gilroy and starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Rene Russo, Toni Collette, Zawe Ashton, Tom Sturridge, Natalia Dyer, Daveed Diggs, Billy Magnussen, and John Malkovich. The film had its world premiere at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival on January 27 and was released on February 1, 2019, by Netflix and in selected theaters.
Plot.
In Miami, art critic Morf Vandewalt attends an art exhibition alongside his friend Josephina, who works for Rhodora Haze, owner of the Haze Gallery and formerly a member of the punk rock band Velvet Buzzsaw. Unfulfilled in his love life with his boyfriend Ed, Morf starts a sexual relationship with Josephina.
Returning to Los Angeles, Josephina finds a dead man named Vetril Dease in her apartment building and enters his home to discover a myriad of paintings, some of which are partially destroyed. Josephina steals the paintings to show Morf and Rhodora, who become fascinated with Dease. Rhodora decides to exhibit several of his pieces in her gallery to great success. The artworks also enchant Gretchen, Morf's art curator friend, Piers, a former artist for the Haze Gallery, and Damrish, an up-and-coming artist.
To ensure the rarity of the paintings, Rhodora orders gallery worker Bryson to transport half of them to storage. En route, a painting catches fire from his cigarette ash and burns him, causing him to crash into a seemingly abandoned gas station. After he heads inside to clean the burns, Bryson is dragged into a painting by a group of monkey mechanics. Outside, his truck catches fire and burns the remaining Dease paintings.
Researching Dease, Morf discovers he suffered from an abusive childhood that culminated in the murder of his father, after which he was sent to a psychiatric hospital for human experimentation, adding to his mental illness. Jon Dondon, a rival art gallery owner, hires a private investigator to uncover the same story. He attempts to reveal Dease's story to the press but is murdered when a mysterious hand hangs him by his scarf. Coco, Rhodora's former assistant who had just begun working for Jon, discovers his body.
Morf sees a hand in a Dease painting suddenly move; his vision is cleared by his optometrist but he continues to hallucinate. That night, he visits the gallery archivist and learns Dease used blood to make his red-black paints. Rhodora, disappointed with Piers' most recent work, sends him to live at her beach house and not return until he has made art only for himself.
Gretchen negotiates the display of some Dease paintings in the city's museum alongside an interactive piece titled "Sphere", which is owned by Gretchen's primary client. Meanwhile, Gretchen also sabotages Josephina's relationship with Morf by telling her he still has feelings for Ed. The night before the exhibit's debut, Gretchen sticks her arm in one of the holes in "Sphere" which malfunctions and severs her arm, leaving her to bleed out. Coco, who had recently become Gretchen's assistant, finds her body the next morning. Despite Gretchen's death, there is a spike in interest and demand for the Dease exhibit. Morf and Josephina break up after he finds out she is dating Damrish.
Morf's visions worsen, and he urges Rhodora to stop selling Dease's artwork. She ignores him and, knowing he will write a negative article about the artworks, tries to sell them off as fast as she can for hundreds of millions of dollars. Morf hires the again unemployed Coco to dispose of the artworks. At a dive bar, Damrish informs Josephina he will not display his art with Haze Gallery and they break up. Outside, Josephina is mysteriously transported to a gallery where the graffiti paintings melt around her and envelop her skin. As Morf puts the Dease artworks into his storage unit, he discovers a deactivated "Hoboman", a robotic art piece he had given a negative critique. "Hoboman" springs to life and chases Morf into a dead end where it breaks Morf's neck, despite Morf's pleas for mercy.
The next morning, Coco finds Morf's body while Josephina's terrified image is seen on a wall of graffiti. Rhodora, now believing the deaths are connected to Dease, has all the artwork in her house removed. As she sits outside her house, the buzz saw tattoo on her neck begins spinning and slashes her flesh, killing her. On the way to LAX, returning home to Michigan, Coco passes a street vendor selling Dease's paintings for five dollars apiece. Meanwhile, Piers draws a pattern of circular lines on the beach sand as the waves wash over them.
Production.
Dan Gilroy conceived the project after "Superman Lives", a film which he had a hand in developing, was abruptly cancelled because Warner Bros. was not willing to produce it due to the large budget. He felt that he had wasted a year and a half on the film, but he ultimately made peace with the idea while sitting on a beach, a moment that inspired the final scene in the film. In June 2017, it was announced Jake Gyllenhaal and Rene Russo had been cast in Gilroy's then untitled film, with him writing and directing the film, while Jennifer Fox would serve as a producer, and Netflix would produce and distribute the film. Speaking with "Business Insider" in November 2017, Gilroy teased the project saying:
In January 2018, it was announced the title was "Velvet Buzzsaw". In March 2018, Zawe Ashton, Natalia Dyer, Tom Sturridge, Daveed Diggs, Toni Collette, John Malkovich and Billy Magnussen joined the cast of the film.
Principal photography began on March 5, 2018 in Los Angeles, California.
Marco Beltrami and Buck Sanders composed the score for the film, replacing Gilroy's frequent collaborator James Newton Howard.
Director Dan Gilroy has stated that he wrote the Morf Vandewalt character to be sexually fluid because he "believe[s] that sexuality is far more fluid than society does."
Release.
"Velvet Buzzsaw" had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 27, 2019. It was released by Netflix on February 1, 2019.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 61% based on 185 reviews, and an average rating of 6.1/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "If you only watch one art-world satire with horror overtones this year — or most others — it should probably be "Velvet Buzzsaw"." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 61 out of 100 based on 29 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Brian Tallerico of RogerEbert.com gave the film 2 out of 4 stars, writing: "It's a wildly inconsistent film, sometimes disappointingly clunky and as superficial as the world it's mocking, but it's also an ambitious piece of work with unforgettable imagery and an ace ensemble." Emily Yoshida of "Vulture" wrote: "Writer and director Dan Gilroy is drawing from the same well of a bitter, morally compromised Los Angeles that he did for 2014's "Nightcrawler", but "Velvet Buzzsaw", as gleaming and sun-drenched as "Nightcrawler" is dark, is even more of an invective, and even more operatically heightened." Peter Debruge of "Variety" called it "[Gilroy's] most cynical movie yet, with most of the venom concentrated in the character of the critic." David Ehrlich of "IndieWire" gave the film a grade of C, writing "Gilroy's film needed to be 60% better or 20% worse in order to transcend the forgettable silliness of its existence, but it could stand the test of time as a lasting monument to the idea that our own personal taste is the only real thing we ever had."

</doc>
<doc id="56595075" url="?curid=56595075" title="ISAF Sailing World Cup Palma">
ISAF Sailing World Cup Palma


</doc>
<doc id="56595093" url="?curid=56595093" title="ISAF Sailing World Cup Weymouth">
ISAF Sailing World Cup Weymouth


</doc>
<doc id="56595101" url="?curid=56595101" title="ISAF Sailing World Cup Melbourne">
ISAF Sailing World Cup Melbourne


</doc>
<doc id="56595109" url="?curid=56595109" title="Amandine Ohayon">
Amandine Ohayon


</doc>
<doc id="56595126" url="?curid=56595126" title="Video games in Indonesia">
Video games in Indonesia

Video gaming in Indonesia is a growing sector, holding the 16th largest market in the world and about half the Southeast Asian market in 2017. Over 40 million people in the country are active gamers, with mobile gaming being the dominant sector in terms of revenue. The development of video games in the country began with imported consoles and arcade centres, prior to developments of online gameplay in PC games and increasing prevalence of the internet cafés. Mobile games began gaining importance as smartphones were introduced.
The Indonesian video game industry contributed about US$1.1 billion to the national economy in 2015, despite only earning a small fraction of the local gaming revenues. Video game piracy is also prevalent across the country, making up the majority of installed games.
History.
Development of video games in Indonesia began in the mid-1980s through imported video game consoles such as the SNES, PlayStation and Xbox. Arcade centres also appeared, including major chains Timezone which started in Indonesia at 1995 and Amazone which was established in 2001. According to a designer from Namco Bandai, 1,000 of the 1,500 arcade machines distributed in Asia Pacific operated in Indonesia.
Later on, by the late 1990s and early 2000s PC games such as "StarCraft" and "Counter-Strike" caught on alongside their online features. While most of the games were imported, there were several locally developed games such as "Nusantara Online" (a MMO which featured precolonial Indonesian history). There were also several localised games, such as "Audition Online" which was localised as "AyoDance" when it was launched for Indonesia in 2007. This contributed to a major boom in internet cafés (known locally as "warnet", a portmanteau of "warung internet"), which had 2,500 locations across the country in 2002 and 5,000 by 2007.
Due to the size of the Indonesian market, several games were localised specifically for the nation's audience. Examples include South Korean online first-person shooter "Special Force" which featured levels in Jakarta with the Monumen Nasional as a background and "Harvest Moon". Matahari Studios, which closed down in 2010, is often credited as being the first local video game developer in the country, although it more often took outsourcing work from major studios instead of developing its own games.
More recently, growth in the number of smartphone users have fuelled growth in mobile online games, aided by the lower development costs associated for local developers. This change also allowed extension of the playerbase beyond typical youth gamers to a more casual demographic, with the game platforms including Facebook in addition to the application stores of iOS and Android.
The 2018 Asian Games, held in Indonesia, included a demonstration event for Esports.
Statistics.
According to gaming researcher Newzoo, in 2017 there were an estimated 43.7 million active gamers in Indonesia, spending a total of US$879.7 million for an average annual spending of US$20.13 per person. This made Indonesia the largest gaming market in Southeast Asia and 16th largest globally, just behind Taiwan and ahead of India. According to Euromonitor, the industry revenues had grown from IDR 1.812 trillion in 2011 to IDR 11.395 trillion by 2016, for a growth of 44.4% annually. Another research from Unity Technologies found that Indonesia's video game market was the fastest–growing in Southeast Asia. Of the 2016 sales, about 98% was through internet retailing in form of software. Sales of video game hardware, including consoles and accessories, amounted to just around IDR 200 billion annually between 2011 and 2016.
Approximately 56% of PC game players in Indonesia are males, with the 21–35 age group making up the largest demographic. According to Euromonitor, Sony consoles are the most popular with a 60.6% market share followed by Microsoft and Nintendo. Mobile games make up the majority of the revenues, with a 52% revenue share in 2015.
Gaming culture.
Despite declining in recent years due to the spread of better quality mobile internet, internet cafés are still prevalent in large cities and small towns alike with some providing higher–end computers for competitive gaming. Video Games Indonesia (VGI), founded in 2002, was the oldest gaming community in Indonesia prior to its shutdown in 2016.
A 2013 study estimated the prevalence of video game addiction among Indonesian school students at over 10 per cent, although its authors admitted that improvements to the study's methodology were required to draw a proper conclusion.
Mobile gaming.
Mobile games are particularly popular in Indonesia, following growing internet penetration. Strategy mobile games such as "Clash of Clans" and "" were the most popular titles in 2014. There is also a significant competitive scene, with eSports tournaments for mobile games such as "Vainglory" being held in Jakarta.
Local industry.
The Creative Economy Agency (Indonesian: "Badan Ekonomi Kreatif" or Bekraf), formed in 2015, is the government body responsible for aiding in and managing the development of the gaming industry as part of its task to develop Indonesia's creative industries. It also holds an annual trade show known as Game Prime since 2016, which targets developers from Indonesia and the ASEAN. The Indonesian Game Association (Indonesian: "Asosiasi Game Indonesia"), formed in 2013, acts as the industry's trade association.
The video games industry in Indonesia comprised 1.77% of the national creative economy (IDR 15.08 trillion) in 2015 according to Statistics Indonesia, with only 20% of developers being part of an association. It sustained at least 2,200 jobs in 2017. However, it contributed only 1.8% to the domestic market according to Anton Soeharyo, chief executive of local developer TouchTen. Director-general of informatics application Semuel Abrijani Pangerapan from the Ministry of Communication and Informatics gave a different figure, at 10 per cent market share in 2016.
Local game developers are targeted to hold 50 per cent of the national market by 2020. In January 2016, chairman of the Indonesian Game Association Andy Suryanto estimated that there were around 1,000 active local game developers in the country. On the other hand, Unity Technologies gave a figure of about 400 developers producing over 1,000 games. Most of the new titles created are targeted towards the PC or the mobile market, with only a single game released for the PlayStation 4 in recent times and none for the other major consoles. Lyto, which publishes foreign MMOs such as "Ragnarok Online" and "CrossFire", was the largest local developer in terms of revenue according to Euromonitor.
Due to various factors, most new Indonesian video game studios do not stay in business for longer than five years. There have been several local mobile game hits, including incremental game Tahu Bulat in 2017. The Ministry of Trade has budgeted US$2.1 million in 2015 to prepare a roadmap and support the gaming industry.
Indonesian video games.
Some of the more notable games developed in Indonesia include:
Rating.
Indonesia has its own game rating system, the Indonesia Game Rating System which was launched by the Ministry of Communication and Informatics in 2016. It categorises video games into the following classifications:
Piracy.
Video game piracy is common in Indonesia as with software piracy in general, with BSA estimating 84% of all software installed in Indonesia throughout 2013 being unlicensed. Many stores in Indonesia offer illegally downloaded video games burned into DVDs for significantly less than its normal retail price, with Wii games being sold for IDR 20,000 (US$2) or less. Due to the nature of Indonesian copyright laws, video game companies are required to bring the lawsuits against the illegal merchants to court, the cost of which would often outweigh the benefits.
When online-only consoles such as the PlayStation 3 was released in Indonesia, authorised dealers initially controlled the distribution. However, once piracy took up these distributors withdrew from the country, causing a scarcity of authentic video game copies and raising the prices–resulting in further increase in piracy.
References.
18 Game Offline Android Terbaik – No internet? No problem!

</doc>
<doc id="56595128" url="?curid=56595128" title="Raymond Majerus">
Raymond Majerus

Raymond E. 'Ray' Majerus (1924 – December 17, 1987) was an American labor leader who served as secretary-treasurer of the United Automobile Workers. From 1954 to 1960, Majerus was a key figure in the Kohler strike.
Biography.
Majerus began working for Kohler Co. in the early 1950s. In 1952, Majerus led a wildcat strike for which he was fired. He remained involved in labor organization efforts at Kohler, however, and played a role in the decision to affiliate the company-supported Kohler Workers Association with the United Automobile Workers. When the U.A.W. won its first contract with Kohler in 1953, one of the provisions insisted that Majerus be barred from working at the plant.
Despite the ban, Majerus served as a union representative and was a key figure in the Kohler strike that lasted from 1954 to 1960. The union eventually won the strike, and Kohler was forced to give workers back pay.
In 1965, while working as a U.A.W. staff member in the Wisconsin-Minnesota region, Majerus traveled to Selma, Alabama to march for civil rights.
Majerus was elected director of the Wisconsin-Minnesota region of the U.A.W. in 1972. Eight years later, in 1980, he was elected secretary-treasurer of the United Automobile Workers, the second-highest position in the union.
In 1982, Majerus sought the presidency of the United Automobile Workers. He was an early front-runner, but ultimately lost to Owen Bieber.
In addition to his union positions, Majerus also served as a member of the Democratic National Committee from Wisconsin.
He died on December 16, 1987, of a heart attack.
Personal life.
He was the father of basketball coach Rick Majerus.

</doc>
<doc id="56595143" url="?curid=56595143" title="Mentiri (village)">
Mentiri (village)


</doc>
<doc id="56595148" url="?curid=56595148" title="Sailing World Cup Melbourne">
Sailing World Cup Melbourne


</doc>
<doc id="56595149" url="?curid=56595149" title="Kampung Mentiri">
Kampung Mentiri


</doc>
<doc id="56595150" url="?curid=56595150" title="War Memorial (Falkland Islands)">
War Memorial (Falkland Islands)


</doc>
<doc id="56595159" url="?curid=56595159" title="Tellam Balaraju">
Tellam Balaraju

Tellam Balaraju is an MLA of Polavaram Assembly Constituency in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh. Balaraju was first elected as an MLA from Polavaram during 2004 and later in 2009 elections and 2012 bipolls. Then he lost to Modiyam Srinivas of Telugu Desam Party in 2014. He was again elected as a Member of Legislative Assembly in 2019 on behalf of YSR Congress Party. He is one of the most popular leaders in the agency area. He got a record majority of more than 42,000 in the 2019 general assembly elections.

</doc>
<doc id="56595161" url="?curid=56595161" title="Archaeological Museum of Nicosia">
Archaeological Museum of Nicosia


</doc>
<doc id="56595164" url="?curid=56595164" title="Yekaterina Likhachyova">
Yekaterina Likhachyova

Yekaterina Sergeyevna Likhachyova (; born 24 August 1998) is a Russian ice hockey player, currently playing with SKIF Nizhny Novgorod of the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL). She competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595173" url="?curid=56595173" title="Mudimbi">
Mudimbi

Michel Mudimbi, known as Mudimbi, is an Italian singer and rapper.
He was born in San Benedetto del Tronto and started to approach rap music at the age of fourteen. After the school, he started to work as a mechanic.
In 2012, he started to work as a musician with the song "Erbavoglio", and the next year he created a new song entitled "Supercalifrigida". 
In 2014 the singer published "M", who contained five songs.
At the age of 30, he quit his office job to dedicate his entire career to music.
On 5 December 2016 his new Vevo YouTube channel published the music video of his new song, "Tipi da Club".
In 2017 Mudimbi signed a deal with Warner Music Group and published the music video of his song entitled "Schifo".
In December 2017 his new song "Il Mago" was admitted in the Sanremo Music Festival 2018 in the "new proposal" category. He arrived third in the classification and won the Premio Assomusica for the best performance.
On 9 February 2018 his album "Michel" was acclaimed by several people and by the magazine "Rockol".

</doc>
<doc id="56595181" url="?curid=56595181" title="Miloš Bubela">
Miloš Bubela

Miloš Bubela (born 25 August 1992) is a Slovak ice hockey player who currently plays for HC '05 Banská Bystrica of the Slovak Extraliga.
Career.
Bubela competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics for the Slovakia men's national ice hockey team in Pyeongchang, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56595186" url="?curid=56595186" title="Tell Me How You Really Feel">
Tell Me How You Really Feel

Tell Me How You Really Feel is the second studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Courtney Barnett, released on 18 May 2018 by Barnett's Milk! Records, Mom + Pop Music, and Marathon Artists. 
"Tell Me How You Really Feel" received generally positive reviews from critics, with praise in particular given to Barnett's more subdued musical style in comparison to previous releases. The album achieved commercial success, debuting and peaking at number 2 on the ARIA Charts, number 9 on the UK Official Albums Chart, and number 22 on the "Billboard" 200.
Recording and production.
The album was recorded at Soundpark studios in Melbourne with producer Burke Reid, who also worked on Barnett's previous solo album, "Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit". Barnett was joined on the album by her live rhythm section of Bones Sloane (bass, backing vocals) and Dave Mudie (drums, backing vocals), as well as guitarist Dan Luscombe of The Drones. The album also features guest appearances from the Deal sisters, Kim and Kelley. The album was teased with a video shared across Barnett's social media outlets, in which Barnett tries out different instruments and sings snippets of new songs. The album's lead single, "Nameless, Faceless", was released on 16 February 2018. A music video for "Need a Little Time" directed by Danny Cohen was released on 15 March 2018. "City Looks Pretty" was released on 19 April 2018 along with an accompanying music video directed by Barnett. A video for "Sunday Roast" was released on 10 May 2018.
Music and lyrics.
"Tell Me How You Really Feel" is characterised by casual guitar-driven rock songs generally arranged in verse-chorus structures. The guitar work ranges from noisy to subdued. Barnett's vocals are delivered in her distinctive laid-back "sing-speak" style with rich, rhyming lyrics. Among other themes, the album explores the challenges and frustrations of being a lyricist upon whom others have placed high expectations. Barnett's style on this album has been compared to grunge bands Nirvana and Hole and to indie rock musicians Pavement and Liz Phair.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Tell Me How You Really Feel" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 80, based on 28 reviews. Laura Snapes of "Pitchfork" called the album "smaller, more introverted", and wrote that the lower energy yielded an "adventurous and nuanced" album that "tells stories of tenderness and frustration". Jeremy Winograd of "Slant Magazine" said that although "it may lack some of the instant affability of 2015's "Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit"", that decision was by design".
Writing for the "Chicago Tribune", Greg Kot said that the songs felt "deceptively buoyant, effortless". "NME"s Dannii Leivers wrote that the album's charm lies in the "dark and melancholy" way that Barnett is "exposing her vulnerabilities and fears". Nate Rogers of "Flood Magazine" wrote that "Barnett's [second] LP is her most somber to date – an emotional drop in tuning, in a sense. It's still littered with her Petty-esque sense of hooks – "Charity" and "Crippling Self-Doubt and a General Lack of Confidence" in particular are earworms par excellence – but lyrically, it's a raw one."
Annie Zaleski of "The A.V. Club" considered the album's languid nature a detriment, saying that it "lacks the spry, buzzing energy of her debut", which causes it to be a "disappointing and muted record". Multiple critics agreed, however, that "Crippling Self-Doubt and a General Lack of Confidence" was a standout song from the album, with Kot calling it a "little pop jewel" and Zaleski referring to it as a "spiraling pop standout".
Accolades.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2018, "Tell Me How You Really Feel" won the Best Rock Album.
At the J Awards of 2018, the album was nominated for Australian Album of the Year.
At the 2019 Australian Independent Awards, "Tell Me How You Really Feel" won Best Independent Artist, Best Independent Album or EP.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Bandcamp.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="56595191" url="?curid=56595191" title="Milos Bubela">
Milos Bubela


</doc>
<doc id="56595195" url="?curid=56595195" title="Patrik Lamper">
Patrik Lamper

Patrik Lamper (born 10 March 1993) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Mountfield HK of the Czech Extraliga (ELH).
He also played for HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He was selected and competed for Slovakia in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595197" url="?curid=56595197" title="Stu Whittingham">
Stu Whittingham


</doc>
<doc id="56595202" url="?curid=56595202" title="Rm9sbG93ZXJz">
Rm9sbG93ZXJz

"Rm9sbG93ZXJz" is the seventh episode of the eleventh season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode was written by Shannon Hamblin and Kristen Cloke, and directed by Glen Morgan. It aired on February 28, 2018, on Fox. The episode's title is Base64 code for "Followers" and the tagline for this episode is "VGhlIFRydXRoIGlzIE91dCBUaGVyZQ==", which translates to "The Truth Is Out There" in Base64.
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on unsolved paranormal cases called X-Files; focusing on the investigations of Fox Mulder (David Duchovny), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) after their reinstatement in the FBI. In this episode, Mulder and Scully deal with various forms of artificial intelligence. The episode is told with minimal use of dialogue.
Plot.
A machine learning chatbot is released to the public via Twitter. Its vulnerable repeat-after-me technology very quickly gets exploited thus the bot starts expressing extremist ideas and is ultimately switched off. The sequence of visual montages ends with a warning to all humans and blends to the usual intro.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully visit a fully automated sushi restaurant. The restaurant is called Forowā, which in Japanese translates to FOLLOWER. It is spelled in Katakana Japanese. After they pick their selection on a screen, they both are occupied interacting with their smart devices. While Scully enjoys her sushi, Mulder receives the wrong food: a blobfish. He disturbs the chefs, which also are robots, and leaves the kitchen. He refuses to leave a tip and, when trying to get his credit card back, finds it is stuck in the slot. When trying to use force, an alarm goes off and the restaurant starts shutting down. Scully uses a chopstick to forcefully open the door so they can get out. Mulder realizes that his card is still in the restaurant, but gives up on getting it back. Scully is informed by her smart device, that her "Whipz" (an automated taxicab service) is arriving. She enters the back of the car but before she is able to say goodbye, the driver-less vehicle closes its door and she is driven away. On the way to her home, she becomes alarmed because the car is speeding and ignoring her requests to slow down. Mulder enters his own car and drives off. They are both constantly bothered by review requests.
Scully returns home and immediately tries to call Mulder, but their phones refuse a connection. Scully's home alarm system refuses her code and is activated. She has to call in the false alarm and is billed $250 for it. When going to bed, Scully is shocked when a message, suggesting to buy more hair styling cream, arrives seconds after she throws her empty tube in the trash bin. When dismissing the message, she accidentally drops a glass container to the ground, which shatters. Her cleanup is disturbed by the sudden arrival of a robotic vacuum cleaner delivered via drone in front of her door. Scully, assuming it is a gift from Mulder, lets the robot clean the mess, but eventually gets fed up with it and puts it back in the packaging. Her attempts to reach customer support to return it fail. One-by-one, Scully's appliances malfunction and the fireplace goes out, but gas is still flowing out. She tries to light a candle, but breaks the match.
Meanwhile Mulder is tricked by his GPS to drive back to the restaurant, which is still upset and has his credit card. He instead grabs a map and navigates by himself. At home he calls his bank to report the "stolen" credit card but is unable to get through to a human operator. Mulder checks outside the house and sees a mid-sized drone flying in front of him. He initially dismisses it as a child's toy, but after more annoying attempts to spy on him he destroys it with a baseball bat. Three bigger drones appear and collect the remains. Still trying to get into contact with his bank, Mulder is bothered again by the restaurant, still trying to get a tip out of him. Mulder suddenly discovers that his house has gotten populated by mini-drones and escapes by driving away in his car.
He drives to Scully's home, where she has just smelled the leaking gas. The robotic vacuum cleaner is about to light the match when Scully breaks out of the house with a fire poker. The explosion throws both agents onto the grass. Both their phones refuse to let them dial 9-1-1. When they try to get to the office, they find themselves being chased by the drones again and ditch all their traceable electronics. The chase proceeds to a warehouse, where the agents are pursued by quadrupedal robots. After being shot at and facing an industrial robot, Mulder eventually tips the restaurant 10%, and the machines retreat and everything goes back to "normal".
In the last sequence of the episode, Mulder and Scully are having breakfast together in a human-operated diner, paying with paper money and still focusing on their smart devices. Scully decides to put her phone aside and gently touches Mulder's hand, to which he reacts by turning his phone's screen down. They both sit contemplating and holding hands.
Production.
In August 2017, it was announced that Kristen Cloke and Shannon Hamblin would be writing an episode based on a story by Glen Morgan, who directed the episode. This was the first "X-Files" script to be written by Cloke and Hamblin; Cloke (who is Glen Morgan's wife) had previously guest-starred in the fourth-season episode "The Field Where I Died"; and Hamblin has worked as Morgan's writer's assistant. Director Glen Morgan was inspired to tell a story visually, without dialog. Morgan had done a similar type of episode for "", a TV series he co-created with "X-Files" writer James Wong, which starred Cloke.
Reception.
"Rm9sbG93ZXJz" received very positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 100% with an average rating of 8.2 out of 10 based on 11 reviews.
In its initial broadcast in the United States on February 28, 2018, it received 3.23 million viewers, which was down from the previous episode, which had 3.74 million viewers.
In December 2018, TV Guide ranked "Rm9sbG93ZXJz" as #23 in the 25 Best Episodes of TV in 2018, saying ""Rm9xbG93ZXJz" was a reminder of what "X-Files" used to be: insightful, terrifying and little bit playful."

</doc>
<doc id="56595205" url="?curid=56595205" title="International Max Planck Research School for Organismal Biology">
International Max Planck Research School for Organismal Biology

The International Max Planck Research School for Organismal Biology is a structured doctoral program of the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology in Seewiesen (Pöcking) and Radolfzell and the department of Biology of the University of Konstanz. Its goal is to provide training and education to PhD students from over the world in a work environment. Research focuses on behavioral science, ecology, evolutionary biology, physiology and neurobiology. The IMPRS for Organismal Biology was founded in 2009. In October 2010, the first 30 doctoral students began their research. The faculty consists of more than 30 leading scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology and the Department of Biology from the University of Konstanz.
Structure of the program.
The program consists of the PhD thesis and an additional Doctoral Curriculum. In addition to the first supervisor, the doctoral thesis is also supervised by a doctoral committee. The additional curriculum includes courses in key skills qualifications, laboratory courses, scientific symposia and regular student meetings. The additional doctoral curriculum is tailored to the specific needs of each doctoral candidate. The doctoral program with all its rights and duties of doctoral candidates and supervisors is defined in the supervision agreement of the IMPRS for Organismal Biology
Development of enrollments.
The IMPRS for Organismal Biology takes on new doctoral students once a year in an extensive application process. In 2009, 30 doctoral students were accepted. 2010, 14 doctoral students. In 2018, the total of 75 students came from 35 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="56595208" url="?curid=56595208" title="Gaspar de la Torre y Ayala">
Gaspar de la Torre y Ayala

Gaspar Antonio de la Torre y Ayala served as the Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines from July 1739 until his death on 21 September 1745.
As Governor-General of the Philippines.
Gaspar de la Torre arrived in the Philippines with the mission to urge the Sultan of Sulu Azim ud-Din (alternatively spelled as "Alimuddin") to fulfill an earlier peace treaty signed in 1737 drawn by the previous Governor-General Fernándo Valdés y Tamon and to allow missionaries to carry out their evangelizing work. To this end, he dispatched the Jesuit friars Francisco Sazi and Tomás de Arrevillaga who obtained guarantees from the Sultan that they would be allowed to safely preach.
There were continued incursions from pirates based from Sulu and Mindanao leading the governor-general to retaliate harshly.
In 1744, he faced a revolt led by Francisco Dagohoy who had several grievances against Spanish authorities and members of the Roman Catholic Church. Dagohoy took up arms on the island of Bohol. Francisco Dagohoy, his followers, and eventually their successors would continue to rebel for 85 years until 1829. The Dagohoy Rebellion became known as the longest rebellion against Spanish authorities in Philippine history.
Gaspar de la Torre died on 21 September 1745. By virtue of a royal decree issued earlier on August 15, 1734 the highest governing person in the Philippine Islands was to take responsibility of running the government in case of death of the incumbent governor-general. By consequence, the position of acting governor-general of the Philippines was occupied by Archbishop Juan de Arechederra, Bishop-elect of Nueva Segovia, upon Gaspar de la Torre's death. In addition to the position of governor-general, the Archbishop also assumed the position as president ad interim of the Real Audiencia on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="56595209" url="?curid=56595209" title="Matej Paulovič">
Matej Paulovič

Matej Paulovič (born 13 January 1995) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Dynamo Pardubice in the Czech Extraliga (ELH). He was selected by the Dallas Stars in the fifth round, 149th overall, of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Paulovič signed as a free agent to a three-year optional contract with Mountfield HK of the ELH, on May 23, 2018. He joined the Czech club after spending his first two professional seasons in Slovakia with HC Nové Zámky and HK Nitra of the Tipsport Liga (Slovak).
International play.
Paulovič competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595210" url="?curid=56595210" title="Familiar (The X-Files)">
Familiar (The X-Files)

"Familiar" is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode was written by Benjamin Van Allen, and directed by Holly Dale. It aired on March 7, 2018, on Fox.
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on unsolved paranormal cases called X-Files; focusing on the investigations of Fox Mulder (David Duchovny), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) after their reinstatement in the FBI. In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate the brutal animal attack of a little boy in Connecticut, while suspecting darker forces are at play.
Plot.
At a park in Eastwood, Connecticut, a little boy named Andrew sings a theme song from a children's show while playing with his "Mr. Chuckleteeth" toy. While Andrew's mother, Diane, is distracted by a phone call, the boy spots a life-sized version of Mr. Chuckleteeth meandering in the forest. When she turns around, Andrew has disappeared. As Diane frantically searches for the boy, Andrew has followed Mr. Chuckleteeth into the forest. A few hours later, a group of police investigators, including Andrew’s father Rick, discover Andrew's mangled corpse.
Because the killing of a law enforcement officer's child puts the case under FBI jurisdiction, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully investigate. While Mulder initially suggests that the culprit could be a coywolf or, more exotically, a hellhound, Scully observes during the boy's autopsy that the neck injuries which killed the boy were most consistent with being shaken to death; she suggests a profile of a serial offender. Mulder finds a substance resembling sand or salt on the boy's ankle. While the town gathers to mourn the death of the boy, Mulder goes to the house of Chief Strong, head of the local police. Mulder notes they have several books on the town's history, which includes witchcraft trials. He interviews the chief's daughter Emily, who was with Andrew at the park. Emily tells Mulder and her mother Anna that she saw Mr. Chuckleteeth in the forest before Andrew was killed.
Back at the police department, Rick searches the sex offender database and finds a man named Melvin Peter. When Scully and Chief Strong look for Rick, they spot him racing away in a patrol car. Chief Strong and Scully chase after him. Rick reaches Peter's house and breaks in, brandishing a gun. Mulder, Scully, and Chief Strong find that Peter is not home, but discover numerous pictures of Peter performing as a clown at children’s parties. Peter's closet contains a caged monkey, clown costumes, and a Mr. Chuckleteeth mask and shoes. Meanwhile, Emily is lured outside her house by a character from one of her children's programs standing on her lawn. She is later found dead, murdered in the same manner as Andrew. Mulder notices a salt circle around the body, suggesting use of witchcraft.
When Peter returns to the neighborhood, Rick attacks him. Mulder confronts Chief Strong and forces him to admit that he has been unfaithful to his wife, knows witchcraft is involved and that Peter is not their suspect. At the park, a crowd gathers to watch Rick brutally beat Peter, who denies killing the children. The police arrive and try to disperse the mob; when they fail, Mulder fires his gun into the air. Rick is taken off of Peter, but suddenly pulls his service weapon and shoots Peter in the head. After Rick is put on bail, he goes home to confront Diane about an affair she had with Chief Strong. Diane leaves the house and drives to a freeway. There, she runs into the hellhound in Andrew's form and flips her car when swerving to avoid it.
Rick breaks into Chief Strong’s house, where he encounters Mr. Chuckleteeth. Rick chases Mr. Chuckleteeth to the front of the house, where he finds Chief Strong has come home and is now pointing a gun at him. Mulder and Scully arrive to find that Chief Strong has shot Rick dead. After fleeing his house, Chief Strong finds Diane's overturned car on the road and follows what appears to be Diane into the woods, failing to notice her mauled corpse on the forest floor (having been killed by the demon). Mulder and Scully visit the park where Andrew disappeared and head into the woods. Chief Strong finds his wife, Anna, standing in a salt circle in the woods holding a grimoire. As Strong comes to realize his wife summoned the demon to get revenge on Diane for the affair, the hellhound kills him. Mulder and Scully find Anna standing over Chief Strong's body and rush over to stop her. Anna casts another spell, causing her to suddenly burst into flames and die. Afterwards, Scully and Mulder leave the town. As they drive away, a piece of playground equipment starts spinning on its own.
Production.
Filming.
Filming for the season began in August 2017 in Vancouver, British Columbia, where the previous season was filmed, along with the show's original five seasons. The episode was directed by first-time "X-Files" director Holly Dale, who was announced as a director in August 2017.
Writing.
The episode was written by staff writer Benjamin Van Allen, his first writing credit for the series. He served as a writer's assistant in season 10.
Van Allen spoke of his inspiration for this episode in an interview:
Van Allen's idea for "Mr. Chuckleteeth" came from an old British kids TV series called "Jigsaw", where one character is named Mr. Noseybonk.
Reception.
"Familiar" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 78% with an average rating of 6.38 out of 10 based on 9 reviews. Matt Fowler of IGN called the episode "a solid, self contained monster-of-the-week creep out, that went really dark at times, but faltered a bit under unnecessary, and muddled, messaging" and scored it a 7.4 out of 10. Liz Shannon Miller of IndieWire said "It’s genuinely impressive how much “Familiar” felt like a vintage “X-Files” episode, given that both its writer (newcomer Benjamin Van Allen) and director (veteran Canadian Holly Dale, the second woman hired to direct this season and fourth total across the show’s 218 episodes) have never worked on the show before now. Clean and direct in its standalone approach, it wasn’t the most twisty of mysteries, but did deliver the sort of supernatural weirdness we remember fondly from the show’s earliest years."
In its initial broadcast in the United States on March 7, 2018, it received 3.46 million viewers, which was up from the previous episode, which had 3.23 million viewers.
In December of 2018, Tim Surette at TV Guide named "Familiar"'s Mr. Chuckleteeth the best TV villain of 2018, saying "If you've ever watched any kids' television shows, you know that they're full of messed-up sh--. In "Familiar," "The X-Files" went back to the classic monster-of-the-week format with Mr. Chuckle Teeth, a toy based on a character from a children's series who comes to life and murders people. It's actually a demon, but even if it wasn't, we still would have peed our pants."

</doc>
<doc id="56595218" url="?curid=56595218" title="Matej Paulovic">
Matej Paulovic


</doc>
<doc id="56595221" url="?curid=56595221" title="Nothing Lasts Forever (The X-Files)">
Nothing Lasts Forever (The X-Files)

"Nothing Lasts Forever" is the ninth episode of the eleventh season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode was written by Karen Nielsen, and directed by James Wong. It aired on March 14, 2018, on Fox.
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on unsolved paranormal cases called X-Files; focusing on the investigations of Fox Mulder (David Duchovny), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) after their reinstatement in the FBI. In this episode, Mulder and Scully, while investigating human organ theft, uncover a mysterious cult consumed with macabre rituals. The tagline for this episode is "I want to be beautiful."
Plot.
At a makeshift operating theater in the Bronx, two surgeons harvest a man of his organs, killing him in the process. The operation is interrupted by Juliet, a young woman who kills the surgeons by driving metal spikes through their chests. She manages to secure most of the organs and delivers them to a nearby hospital with a message: "I will repay".
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are drawn to the case because evidence suggests that it was a ritual killing. The police dismiss Mulder's speculation and believe the murders are related to an organ theft ring, pointing out that one of the surgeons had his medical license revoked and was an associate of the Russian mafia. Meeting at a church, the agents briefly debate the nature of faith. Scully confirms that all legal organ donations have been accounted for while Mulder has found no trace of illegal sales on the dark web. Mulder links the killer's message to a psalm about God's vengeance, and notices that iron bars matching the murder weapon's distinctive shape have been removed from the church fence. Because of this, Mulder comes to believe that the murders are driven by divine wrath instead of demonic worship.
A conversation with a priest leads them to Juliet, who tells Mulder and Scully that her sister Olivia joined a cult. Meanwhile, the missing organs are taken to the home of reclusive TV star Barbara Beaumont and her partner Randolph Luvenis. Beaumont has formed a cult, Randy Organ Harvesters (named after her partner, Randolph), which consumes human organs to offset the aging process; despite being eighty-five years old, Beaumont appears to be thirty. The effects are only temporary, leading Luvenis to surgically conjoin himself to others, parasitically feeding off them to reverse his age. Together, they have been feeding organs to their followers and plan to conjoin them to Barbara in the hopes of giving her eternal youth. However, tensions arise when the stolen organs are not enough to feed the cult. As Luvenis leaves to steal the remaining organs from the hospital, a cult member offers himself as a sacrifice to sustain the others. After he stabs himself, he is eaten alive.
Knowing that the stolen organs can never be used in a transplant, Mulder and Scully arrange for a tracking device to be placed in a heart for Luvenis to retrieve. They follow the signal to Beaumont's house and attempt to gain access, unaware of Juliet's presence. Luvenis, suffering accelerated ageing without a host, undergoes surgery to attach himself to Olivia. Once inside the house, the agents are overpowered by Beaumont's followers, who throw Scully down an elevator shaft. Mulder is rescued by Juliet, who kills Beaumont with a metal stake to the chest. Beaumont's death dishearten her followers, allowing Mulder to escape. As he tries to locate Scully in the basement, Mulder is confronted by Luvenis, who has the appearance and strength of a much younger man after being conjoined to Olivia. Luvenis boasts to Mulder that he has cured aging, which he regards as a disease. Olivia proclaims her faith in Luvenis's methods, but she begins to seize, and when Mulder demands that she be taken to a hospital, Luvenis threatens to cut her throat. Juliet catches up with them and kills Luvenis; she then surrenders to Mulder. Scully is found to be safe, having been cushioned by trash thrown away by the cult.
In the aftermath, Olivia is shown safe and healthy at home with her mother, who is now praying for Juliet. Mulder and Scully return to the church. Mulder acknowledges the power of faith, suggesting that his atheism is because he does not need faith rather than because of a lack of it.
Production.
Filming.
Filming for the season began in August 2017 in Vancouver, British Columbia, where the previous season was filmed, along with the show's original five seasons. The episode was directed by James Wong.
Writing.
The episode was written by Karen Nielsen, her first writing credit for the series. Nielsen also served as the script coordinator for seasons 10 and 11. Nielsen's inspiration for the episode was revealed in an interview with SyfyWire:
Even though the episode is the penultimate episode of the season, Nielsen felt she wanted the final scene of the episode to relate to the upcoming conclusion. She wanted everything to lead up to William, trying to build some momentum that she felt was needed.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Nothing Lasts Forever" received positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 100% with an average rating of 7.57 out of 10 based on 8 reviews. Liz Shannon Miller of IndieWire called the episode a pretty on-the-nose title, but one worth letting rattle around in the brains this week, as preparation for the season finale.
Ratings.
In its initial broadcast in the United States on March 14, 2018, it received 3.01 million viewers, which was a decrease from the previous episode, which had 3.46 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="56595228" url="?curid=56595228" title="My Struggle IV">
My Struggle IV

"My Struggle IV" is the tenth episode and finale of the eleventh season of the American science fiction television series "The X-Files". The episode was written and directed by Chris Carter. It aired on March 21, 2018, on Fox. The tagline for this episode is "Salvator Mundi".
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on unsolved paranormal cases called X-Files; focusing on the investigations of Fox Mulder (David Duchovny), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) after their reinstatement in the FBI. In this episode, Mulder and Scully rush to find an on-the-run William, while the Cigarette Smoking Man pushes forward with his ultimate plan.
Plot.
Following the events of "Ghouli", William has become a fugitive from government agents as he is pivotal to the Cigarette Smoking Man's plans. Reflecting on his difficult childhood, he resolves to find the Cigarette Smoking Man to learn the truth about his nature.
Mulder and Scully receive a call from Monica Reyes, warning them that William has been taken into custody and is being escorted to a government warehouse in Maryland. Scully, who has been struggling with illness and visions of the future by way of her psychic link with William, predicts that he will not be there. Mulder infiltrates the building, but is forced to kill the agents and Mr. Y before he can question them and he finds no trace of William.
Scully identifies a cluster of lottery winners in north-eastern Tennessee, which she believes is a side-effect of William's presence. Mulder picks up the trail but is himself followed by a government agent. William hitches a ride with a truck driver, only to terrify him with his powers. Mulder quits in frustration and instead anticipates that William is heading for Norfolk. Meanwhile, William is picked up by the agent following Mulder.
With the help of Sarah Turner and Brianna Stapleton—the two girls at the center of the "Ghouli" episode—and Sarah's friend Maddy, Mulder finally locates William in a hotel in Norfolk. He convinces William to talk to him as a unit of soldiers, lead by Erika Price, locate the agent's car. The agent is dead, having been torn apart by William. Price's unit descends on William's hotel room and attempt to arrest him. William turns his powers on them, causing them to explode. He nearly loses control and kills Mulder, but regains his composure and flees the scene as the media descends on the hotel.
In a bid to buy Mulder more time, Scully contacts right-wing online webcaster Tad O'Malley and claims that the incident at the hotel was part of the project to release a man-made pathogen developed from an alien virus. Mulder is named as the source for the story, prompting Director Kersh to order Walter Skinner to shut down the X-Files once and for all and to dismiss Mulder and Scully from duty. Scully receives another vision, this time of Mulder's death and pleads with Skinner to help her save him.
Mulder follows William to an abandoned factory on the coast. Scully arrives shortly afterwards and Mulder suggests that they give up trying to find William because he does not want to be found and because they cannot protect him. Scully refuses to back down, pressing Mulder for details when the real Mulder arrives; the Mulder Scully spoke to was William in disguise. As the two chase him through the factory, Skinner realizes that they have been followed by Reyes and the Cigarette Smoking Man. The Cigarette Smoking Man forces the car to run Skinner down. Skinner shoots at the car and kills Reyes. He then attempts to outrun the car but is crushed between two cars.
The Cigarette Smoking Man confronts Mulder on the waterfront. Mulder taunts him and the Cigarette Smoking Man shoots him in the head and he falls into the water, mirroring Scully's vision of Mulder's death. 
The real Mulder appears, shooting the Cigarette Smoking Man, who realizes that he has shot William (disguised as Mulder). The Smoking Man falls into the water and his body is carried away by the current.
In the aftermath, Mulder and Scully comfort one another. Scully reveals that William was not their child but a experiment created by the Smoking Man and implanted into her; she says that she was never a mother to him and that she and Mulder were never meant to raise him. Having finally learned the truth about William's parentage, Mulder struggles with the knowledge until Scully reveals that she is pregnant with his child, a seeming impossibility. As the two embrace, William resurfaces from the water elsewhere, conscious and alive.
Production.
Filming.
Filming for the season began in August 2017 in Vancouver, British Columbia, where the previous season was filmed, along with the show's original first five seasons. The episode wrapped on December 22, 2017. The episode was directed by Chris Carter.
Writing.
The episode was written by Chris Carter. He explained his reason for a four part mythology arc in this interview with TVInsider:
When asked about the possibility of a twelfth season, Carter said there are still more files to be uncovered "in those drawers in Mulder's office." Carter says, "the truth is always out there, and it's open to be being explored." Still, he stated that he was satisfied about this episode being the series finale.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"My Struggle IV" received generally negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 31% with an average rating of 5.49 out of 10 based on 13 reviews. The site's critical consensus reads, "'My Struggle IV' ends the season -- and possibly the series -- on a sour note void of actor chemistry, a gratifying conclusion, or any kind of fitting farewell to "The X-Files" leading lady."
Ratings.
In its initial broadcast in the United States on March 21, 2018, it received 3.43 million viewers, which was an increase from the previous episode, which had 3.01 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="56595230" url="?curid=56595230" title="Person's Case">
Person's Case


</doc>
<doc id="56595234" url="?curid=56595234" title="SportBrain">
SportBrain


</doc>
<doc id="56595248" url="?curid=56595248" title="Raymond Vautherin">
Raymond Vautherin

Raymond Vautherin (La Thuile, 18 September 1935 – Aymavilles, 11 February 2018) was a French-speaking Italian linguist, poet and playwright. He wrote plays and poetry in Valdôtain dialect.
Early life.
Raymond Vautherin was born on 18 September 1935 in La Thuile. After his father died, he moved to Pont d'Aël, Aymavilles.
Career.
Vautherin wrote poetry in Valdôtain dialect, locally called "patois", from the Aosta Valley. As a member of the "Comité des Traditions Valdôtaines", he authored several plays in this patois and revived "Charaban", the local theatre company in "patois". He also translated the "Book of Proverbs" and "The Little Prince" into "patois". From 1975 to his death, he was the editor-in-chief of "Lo Flambò", the official magazine of the committee.
He was also a member of the Valdotainian academic society "Académie Saint-Anselme".
Death.
Vautherin died on 11 February 2018 in Aymavilles.

</doc>
<doc id="56595251" url="?curid=56595251" title="CAL101">
CAL101


</doc>
<doc id="56595255" url="?curid=56595255" title="CAL 101">
CAL 101


</doc>
<doc id="56595256" url="?curid=56595256" title="CAL-101">
CAL-101


</doc>
<doc id="56595258" url="?curid=56595258" title="GS1101">
GS1101


</doc>
<doc id="56595260" url="?curid=56595260" title="GS-1101">
GS-1101


</doc>
<doc id="56595261" url="?curid=56595261" title="2017 Evolution Championship">
2017 Evolution Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56595263" url="?curid=56595263" title="GS 1101">
GS 1101


</doc>
<doc id="56595279" url="?curid=56595279" title="Gian-Carlo Wick">
Gian-Carlo Wick


</doc>
<doc id="56595287" url="?curid=56595287" title="The Shadow Theory (Kamelot album)">
The Shadow Theory (Kamelot album)


</doc>
<doc id="56595289" url="?curid=56595289" title="Jonas Müller">
Jonas Müller

Jonas Müller (born 19 November 1995) is a German professional ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for Eisbären Berlin in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He competed for Germany in the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Playing career.
Müller started playing hockey at the age of six. He joined hometown club, Eisbären Berlin, at the junior level, playing through each junior level before making his professional debut in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in the 2013–14 season. On 3 May 2018, Müller was signed to a one-year contract extension to remain in Berlin.
International play.
Müller first appeared at an international tournament for Germany at the 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships.
Müller made his senior debut and was a member of the silver medal winning 2018 German Olympic hockey team. He also represented Germany at the 2018 IIHF World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="56595292" url="?curid=56595292" title="Jonas Muller">
Jonas Muller


</doc>
<doc id="56595305" url="?curid=56595305" title="Kirsten Alnaes">
Kirsten Alnaes


</doc>
<doc id="56595311" url="?curid=56595311" title="Leonhard Pföderl">
Leonhard Pföderl

Leonhard Pföderl (born 1 September 1993) is a German professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing for Eisbären Berlin in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) and he competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics, capturing a silver medal.
Playing career.
During the 2015–16 season, his fourth with the Thomas Sabo Ice Tigers, Pföderl agreed to a three-year contract extension on 24 February 2016.
Following completion of the 2018–19 season, his seventh in the DEL with the Ice Tigers, Pföderl left as a free agent in securing a multi-year contract with fellow German club, Eisbären Berlin, on April 3, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56595312" url="?curid=56595312" title="Marine Corps University Press">
Marine Corps University Press


</doc>
<doc id="56595320" url="?curid=56595320" title="Leonhard Pfoderl">
Leonhard Pfoderl


</doc>
<doc id="56595321" url="?curid=56595321" title="Tilt (producers)">
Tilt (producers)


</doc>
<doc id="56595324" url="?curid=56595324" title="LY 294002">
LY 294002


</doc>
<doc id="56595331" url="?curid=56595331" title="Cox's Bazar-2">
Cox's Bazar-2

Cox's Bazar-2 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2014 by Asheq Ullah Rafiq of the Awami League.
Boundaries.
The constituency encompasses Kutubdia and Maheshkhali upazilas.
History.
The constituency was created in 1984 from a Chittagong constituency when the former Chittagong District was split into two districts: Chittagong and Cox's Bazar.
Elections.
Elections in the 2010s.
Asheq Ullah Rafiq was elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="56595332" url="?curid=56595332" title="Electric Trim">
Electric Trim

Electric Trim is the twelfth studio album by American musician Lee Ranaldo, the former Sonic Youth guitarist, released on September 15, 2017 on Mute Records, marking his first solo album to be released on the label. The album was produced by Ranaldo along with Spanish musician Raül Refree. The album features several musicians, including Sharon Van Etten, Steve Shelley, Alan Licht, and Nels Cline.
Reception.
The album has been met with positive reviews from music critics. On Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, it received an average score of 73, based on 13 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="56595338" url="?curid=56595338" title="David Leslie Linton">
David Leslie Linton


</doc>
<doc id="56595344" url="?curid=56595344" title="David Linton">
David Linton

David Linton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56595347" url="?curid=56595347" title="Number One (In New York)">
Number One (In New York)


</doc>
<doc id="56595349" url="?curid=56595349" title="Seo Yeong-jun">
Seo Yeong-jun

Seo Yeong-jun (born 8 March 1995) is a South Korean ice hockey player. He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595353" url="?curid=56595353" title="Crass Tattoo">
Crass Tattoo


</doc>
<doc id="56595354" url="?curid=56595354" title="HM61713">
HM61713


</doc>
<doc id="56595356" url="?curid=56595356" title="HM-61713">
HM-61713


</doc>
<doc id="56595357" url="?curid=56595357" title="HM 61713">
HM 61713


</doc>
<doc id="56595358" url="?curid=56595358" title="Seo Yeongjun">
Seo Yeongjun


</doc>
<doc id="56595360" url="?curid=56595360" title="Eat the Elephant (song)">
Eat the Elephant (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56595365" url="?curid=56595365" title="The Contrarian (song)">
The Contrarian (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56595368" url="?curid=56595368" title="Get the Lead Out">
Get the Lead Out


</doc>
<doc id="56595371" url="?curid=56595371" title="AZD-9291">
AZD-9291


</doc>
<doc id="56595373" url="?curid=56595373" title="AZD 9291">
AZD 9291


</doc>
<doc id="56595376" url="?curid=56595376" title="Kim Won-jun (ice hockey)">
Kim Won-jun (ice hockey)

Kim Won-jun (born 4 May 1991) is a South Korean ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Anyang Halla of Asia League Ice Hockey. He competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595380" url="?curid=56595380" title="The Deconstruction (song)">
The Deconstruction (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56595382" url="?curid=56595382" title="The Quandary">
The Quandary


</doc>
<doc id="56595383" url="?curid=56595383" title="Rusty Pipes">
Rusty Pipes


</doc>
<doc id="56595385" url="?curid=56595385" title="Bibi Ballandi">
Bibi Ballandi

Bibi Ballandi (26 June 1946 – 15 February 2018) was an Italian television producer.
He worked as a manager for numerous artists, including singers such as Al Bano, Mina, Little Tony, Rita Pavone, Orietta Berti, Nicola Di Bari and Caterina Caselli in the 1960s, and later worked with Fabrizio De Andrè, Lucio Dalla, Francesco De Gregori and Roberto Vecchioni.
In 1983 he founded the "Bandiera Gialla" nightclub in Rimini.
Then, he became a television producer and started a collaboration with RAI. He produced such television programs as "Ballando con le Stelle" and "Ti lascio una canzone".
Death.
He died on 15 February 2018 in Imola, Italy, aged 71, following a long battle with colorectal cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="56595393" url="?curid=56595393" title="Thought She'd Be Mine">
Thought She'd Be Mine


</doc>
<doc id="56595396" url="?curid=56595396" title="Oh Hyon-ho">
Oh Hyon-ho

Oh Hyon-ho (born 29 October 1986) is a South Korean ice hockey player. He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595398" url="?curid=56595398" title="Roll Me Under">
Roll Me Under


</doc>
<doc id="56595401" url="?curid=56595401" title="Just a Little Lie">
Just a Little Lie


</doc>
<doc id="56595402" url="?curid=56595402" title="Oh Hyonho">
Oh Hyonho


</doc>
<doc id="56595405" url="?curid=56595405" title="David Linton (disambiguation)">
David Linton (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56595407" url="?curid=56595407" title="Reds &amp; Blues">
Reds &amp; Blues


</doc>
<doc id="56595409" url="?curid=56595409" title="Reds and Blues">
Reds and Blues


</doc>
<doc id="56595410" url="?curid=56595410" title="Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart">
Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart


</doc>
<doc id="56595418" url="?curid=56595418" title="Southern Fried Friday Night">
Southern Fried Friday Night


</doc>
<doc id="56595419" url="?curid=56595419" title="Jeon Jung-woo">
Jeon Jung-woo

Jeon Jung-woo (born 27 May 1994) is a South Korean ice hockey player. He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56595423" url="?curid=56595423" title="Duckwall's">
Duckwall's


</doc>
<doc id="56595425" url="?curid=56595425" title="Jeon Jungwoo">
Jeon Jungwoo


</doc>
<doc id="56595429" url="?curid=56595429" title="The Innocents (TV series)">
The Innocents (TV series)

The Innocents (stylised as The Innøcents) is a British supernatural television series created by Hania Elkington and Simon Duric. The series premiered on 24 August 2018 on Netflix.
Premise.
Two teenagers, June and Harry, run away together. However, June starts displaying abilities that throw them down a dangerous path.
Production.
The series was ordered by Netflix in August 2017. In February 2018, the series title was announced, alongside the news that the series will be shot mainly in England (mostly shot in Skipton) and Norway. Carly Paradis composes music for the series.

</doc>
<doc id="56595432" url="?curid=56595432" title="Battleground (series)">
Battleground (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56595434" url="?curid=56595434" title="The Power of Partying">
The Power of Partying


</doc>
<doc id="56595437" url="?curid=56595437" title="Music Is Worth Living For">
Music Is Worth Living For


</doc>
<doc id="56595439" url="?curid=56595439" title="The Feeling of Being Alive">
The Feeling of Being Alive


</doc>
<doc id="56595440" url="?curid=56595440" title="Video gaming in the US">
Video gaming in the US


</doc>
<doc id="56595444" url="?curid=56595444" title="Thomas Spray">
Thomas Spray

Thomas L. Spray was Chief of the Division of Cardiothoracic Surgery and the Mortimer J. Buckley, Jr. MD Endowed Chair in Cardiac Surgery at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and Professor of Surgery at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. He retired in 2018.
Early life.
Spray was born in Rochester, MN on August 28, 1948. The family moved to Oak Ridge, TN, where he completed high school. He was inspired by his father's orthopedic surgery practice to follow a career in medicine, being particularly impressed by his experiences accompanying his father on a medical mission trip to Algeria. He attended college at Haverford College majoring in Molecular Biology, receiving departmental honors.
Career.
After medical school at Duke University, he was a resident in general surgery at Duke University Medical Center. As part of his residency, he took two years for specialty training in cardiac pathology at the NHLBI. After completing training in cardiac surgery at Duke University Medical Center, he was appointed an assistant professor at Washington University School of Medicine, where he rose to a full professorship. In 1994, he was recruited to the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia as chief of the Division of Cardiothoracic Surgery, where he served until 2018.
In 2009, Spray was elected the 89th president of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery.
Accomplishments.
Spray was one of the early adopters of ECMO. He was among the first to use intraoperative echocardiography to guide repair of congenital heart disease. He has become an expert and advocate for the Ross procedure. He has performed over 10,000 operations in his over 20-year career.

</doc>
<doc id="56595445" url="?curid=56595445" title="Party Mindset">
Party Mindset


</doc>
<doc id="56595447" url="?curid=56595447" title="In Your Darkest Moments">
In Your Darkest Moments


</doc>
<doc id="56595448" url="?curid=56595448" title="Lee Young-jun">
Lee Young-jun

Lee Young-jun (born 3 January 1991) is a South Korean ice hockey centre. Lee is currently a free agent having last played for the Daemyung Killer Whales of Asia League Ice Hockey (ALIH). He also played for Anyang Halla, High1 and Daemyung Sangmu.
He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics for the South Korea national team.

</doc>
<doc id="56595449" url="?curid=56595449" title="Halimeda sand">
Halimeda sand


</doc>
<doc id="56595450" url="?curid=56595450" title="David Linton Award">
David Linton Award


</doc>
<doc id="56595451" url="?curid=56595451" title="The Devil's on Your Side">
The Devil's on Your Side


</doc>
<doc id="56595452" url="?curid=56595452" title="Überwald (Discworld)">
Überwald (Discworld)


</doc>
<doc id="56595453" url="?curid=56595453" title="1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 29th edition of the women's singles championship.
Sachiko Morisawa defeated Naoko Fukatsu in the final by three sets to one, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56595457" url="?curid=56595457" title="Lee Young Jun">
Lee Young Jun


</doc>
<doc id="56595459" url="?curid=56595459" title="Break the Curse (song)">
Break the Curse (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56595462" url="?curid=56595462" title="British Geomorphological Research Group">
British Geomorphological Research Group


</doc>
<doc id="56595464" url="?curid=56595464" title="Beyond Oblivion (song)">
Beyond Oblivion (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56595468" url="?curid=56595468" title="Confusion and Clarity">
Confusion and Clarity


</doc>
<doc id="56595469" url="?curid=56595469" title="CPMI">
CPMI

CPMI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56595477" url="?curid=56595477" title="Devil on the Wall">
Devil on the Wall


</doc>
<doc id="56595479" url="?curid=56595479" title="Ghost of Shangri La">
Ghost of Shangri La


</doc>
<doc id="56595483" url="?curid=56595483" title="Haunted by Design">
Haunted by Design


</doc>
<doc id="56595485" url="?curid=56595485" title="Love Can Only Heal">
Love Can Only Heal


</doc>
<doc id="56595486" url="?curid=56595486" title="Mentiri National Housing Area 'A'">
Mentiri National Housing Area 'A'

Mentiri National Housing Area 'A' () or Mentiri National Housing Area 1 () is a village administrative division in Brunei-Muara District of Brunei. It is a village subdivision of the mukim or subdistrict of Mentiri. As a village, it is headed by a or village head, and the incumbent is Pengiran Aliuddin bin Pengiran Damit. It is also a designated postcode area with the postcode BU2129.
Geography.
Mentiri National Housing Area 'A' is located in the eastern part of Brunei-Muara District. It borders the village subdivisions of Batu Marang to the north, Mentiri National Housing Area 'B' to the west, Mentiri to the southwest and Pangkalan Sibabau to the south. It also borders the Brunei Bay along its eastern border.

</doc>
<doc id="56595487" url="?curid=56595487" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 - Men's 30 kilometre pursuit">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007 - Men's 30 kilometre pursuit


</doc>
<doc id="56595492" url="?curid=56595492" title="1961 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1961 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56595493" url="?curid=56595493" title="John Scott (banker)">
John Scott (banker)

John Scott (28 January 1757 – 19 April 1832) was an English banker and evangelical Christian. He was a founder member of the Peace Society in London after the Battle of Waterloo and was associated with various anti-slavery movements and abolitionist figures of the day.
Life.
He was the son of William Scott (died 1775), a shipwright of Woolwich and his wife Elizabeth Watts. At the age of twelve he was apprenticed to a City of London jeweller and goldsmith James Duppa in Aldgate. Scott spent much of his youth attending open air evangelical meetings, with sermons given by known preachers of the day such as William Romaine, Erasmus Middleton and in particular Rowland Hill who led the Surrey Chapel in Southwark. In 1780 he married Mary Whinnell at the church of St George in the East. The family initially resided in Woolwich, but by 1805 were living on Worship Street, close to Finsbury Square. Around this time Scott joined the staff of the banking firm of Down, Thornton &amp; Free (or simply Down &amp; Co.), of which Henry Thornton was one of the senior partners. In 1815 original partners Henry Thornton and Richard Down died, and a new partnership was formed involving Scott. It began to trade as Pole, Thornton, Free, Down &amp; Scott, with the original partner's names being retained. Henry Thornton's eldest son Henry Sykes Thornton later joined the firm as a partner in 1825. In that same year the bank failed in a financial crash, from which Scott suffered a huge personal loss. Surrendering most of his assets, including the lease of his house in Canonbury Square, Islington, he retired in 1826 to the then village of Stoke Newington where he lived with his second wife Anne (his first wife Mary had died in 1818).
Initially a Calvinist of the Church of England, Scott became a Calvinistic Methodist. At various points in his life he attended the Tabernacle Chapel, which had been founded by the preacher George Whitefield, the Union Chapel in Islington, and later a Congregationalist chapel in Stoke Newington. He was a congregant of the Tabernacle for over fifty years, and was credited with establishing its Sabbath school for children. In 1816 he was one of the founding committee members of the Peace Society and served as the society's treasurer for many years. His position within the city brought him into contact with other like-minded Christians and abolitionists such as Thomas Clarkson, William Wilberforce and the reformed slaver John Newton, for whose last will and testament Scott was an executor; Newton had been the Rector of St Mary Woolnoth just a stone's throw from where the bank was based in Bartholomew Lane. Through his work with the bank and friendship with the Thornton family, Scott was also affiliated to some degree with the aims of the Clapham Sect and is mentioned in the letters of Marianne Thornton. He was involved with a number of other strongly active Christian organisations such as the Hibernian Society, the Continental Society, the Canada Education Society, and the Newport Pagnell Evangelical Institution which had been established by William Bull to train evangelical clergy for dissenting churches. 
Scott died peacefully on 19 April 1832 at the age of 75. A funeral sermon was preached at the Independent Meeting House, Stoke Newington by the Congregationalist minister John Jefferson in which he said of the deceased: "I have only known him as an old man and an aged Christian, ripe for glory. My first introduction to him was in November 1830, on business connected with the Anti-Slavery Society, and a meeting of its friends to be held in this village. He was present at that meeting, and read a speech on the occasion, short, but pithy, and very much to the purpose. From that period I have enjoyed frequent opportunities of intercourse with this holy man, and I never could retire from his society without feeling that I was the better for his converse, and without being constrained to admire the grace which shone so conspicuously in him". John Scott's position as the Peace Society's treasurer was assumed by the banker Samuel Gurney.
Family &amp; livery companies.
John Scott married on 20 February 1780, Mary Whinnell (1751-1818), daughter of Benjamin Whinnell of Wimborne, Dorset, and secondly on 11 May 1819, Anne Ley (1777-1859), daughter of Thomas Ley of Wolborough, Devon. His family retained strong ties with the City of London for successive generations. Two sons, John William Scott (1781-1834), a banker and stockbroker and Benjamin Whinnell Scott (1782–1841), Chief Clerk of the Chamberlain's Court, like their father were both liverymen with the Worshipful Company of Glovers. Benjamin Whinnell Scott also became a liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Wheelwrights, and held the position of company clerk from 1818 until his death, when he was succeeded in that position by his sons, and later a grandson James Benjamin Scott who wrote a history of the company. His sons: Benjamin Scott, who would become Chamberlain of London (and was also a Glover), and James Renat Scott (1819-1883), Clerk and Registrar of the Coal Market, both served as Clerks and Masters of the company; a younger son Syms Scott (1822-1863) was also a long-term liveryman.

</doc>
<doc id="56595494" url="?curid=56595494" title="2009-10 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2009-10 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595496" url="?curid=56595496" title="1963 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1963 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56595499" url="?curid=56595499" title="2012-13 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2012-13 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595500" url="?curid=56595500" title="Mentiri National Housing Area 1">
Mentiri National Housing Area 1


</doc>
<doc id="56595501" url="?curid=56595501" title="Spitfire - Bonus Remixes">
Spitfire - Bonus Remixes


</doc>
<doc id="56595503" url="?curid=56595503" title="Women's international rugby union (non test matches)">
Women's international rugby union (non test matches)


</doc>
<doc id="56595505" url="?curid=56595505" title="2017-18 Prince Mohammed bin Salman League">
2017-18 Prince Mohammed bin Salman League


</doc>
<doc id="56595506" url="?curid=56595506" title="2010-11 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2010-11 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595509" url="?curid=56595509" title="2017-18 Prince Mohammad bin Salman League">
2017-18 Prince Mohammad bin Salman League


</doc>
<doc id="56595514" url="?curid=56595514" title="2013-14 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2013-14 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595515" url="?curid=56595515" title="2011-12 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2011-12 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595518" url="?curid=56595518" title="1967 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1967 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56595522" url="?curid=56595522" title="1965 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles">
1965 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56595525" url="?curid=56595525" title="2008-09 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2008-09 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595528" url="?curid=56595528" title="Robinson High School (Florida)">
Robinson High School (Florida)


</doc>
<doc id="56595530" url="?curid=56595530" title="2017 ISAF Sailing World Cup">
2017 ISAF Sailing World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56595534" url="?curid=56595534" title="T. R. Robinson High School">
T. R. Robinson High School


</doc>
<doc id="56595536" url="?curid=56595536" title="London, Huron and Bruce Railway">
London, Huron and Bruce Railway

The London, Huron and Bruce Railway (LH&amp;BR) was a short line railway in Ontario, Canada. It started in London, Ontario, running northward for to the small town of Wingham. It originally planned to continue north to Southampton or Kincardine, but instead joined the Wellington, Grey and Bruce Railway (WG&amp;BR) at Wingham. The route was primarily used for farm shipments, and was nicknamed the "Butter and Egg Special", while passengers complaining about the rough ride constructed the backronym "Let 'er Hit and Bounce".
The line started and ended on lines operated by the Great Western Railway (Ontario) (GWR), and the route and construction was supervised by that company. Construction began in early 1875 and completed by the end of the year, officially opening for passenger traffic in January 1876. In 1882, the line fell under the control of the Grand Trunk Railway (GTR) as part of their purchase of the GWR, and its original name disappeared as part of the 1 April 1893 GTR amalgamation.
GTR's 1918 bankruptcy and subsequent reformation as part of Canadian National Railways (CNR) led to the line becoming the Exeter Subdivision. The central section was abandoned in 1941, leaving the portion from London to Ilderton at the south end of the route as the Ilderton Spur. The northern section from Clinton to a grain silo in Centralia retained the Exeter name. The Ilderton Spur was abandoned in 1988, and the Exeter Sub was purchased in 1990 by RailTex, who continues operation as part of their Goderich-Exeter Railway.
History.
Origins.
One of the main promoters of the LH&amp;BR was Patrick Kelly, a reeve who operated a sawmill and factory at Blyth, about north of London. At that time the closest railway was the Buffalo and Lake Huron Railway (B&amp;LH) at Clinton, some away and only reachable by wagon, making export unprofitable. The B&amp;LH had no need to run through Blyth, so Kelly began discussions with businessmen in London, pitching them the idea of opening up the vast agricultural areas north of the city, as well as potentially capturing some of the laker trade on the upper Great Lakes.
Kelly was able to interest a number of London businessmen in the idea, including John Carling and his brother William, sons of Thomas Carling, founder of the Carling brewery. On 22 November 1880 a meeting was held in London, Ontario to judge interest in the idea of a line running through the farms north of the city and then on to a port on Lake Huron. Having seen the town's fortunes improve with the arrival of the Great Western Railway (GWR) in 1854, the proposal had strong support. The company was incorporated on 15 February 1871, with the charter proposal having two options for the northern end at either Southampton or Kincardine. Given the short route, and the lower cost of construction, a narrow gauge line was initially considered.
When it was learned that the Wellington, Grey and Bruce Railway (WG&amp;BR) would be building branches to both of these port towns, the plans changed to meet the WG&amp;BR on its southern branch, running to Kincardine. The actual meeting point was not selected, although it would be somewhere in Stanley or Tuckersmith townships in Huron County.
GWR involvement.
Further progress proved difficult. The directors knew they were unqualified to plan and build the line themselves, so they first approached the Grand Trunk Railway (GTR), who at that time were building a new route to Sarnia to the north of London. The GTR proved uninterested, so the group next approached the GWR, which was helped due to John Carling being a member of the GWR board. The GWR was interested in the idea, but were concerned that the line might draw traffic off the Wellington, Grey and Bruce, which they had recently leased. They proposed ending the line at Blyth.
At the time there was a basic formula used for fundraising, where townships along the route would buy shares in the company and then have them matched approximately 50% by the provincial government. The eventual subscriptions came to $311,500, leading to a payment of $178,630 from the government. A significant amount of the subscriptions came from townships on the northern end of the route, including Wingham and Kincardine, so the longer route to Wingham was eventually approved.
Biddulph Township, and the town of Lucan within it, dithered on whether to fund the line. Situated just north of Ilderton, they were originally part of the surveyed route. But intense competition between the GTR and the GWR led the GTR to begin their Sarnia line, which passed through Lucan. The locals argued that there was no need to put up more money for another line.
After repeatedly trying to get the township on-side, Lucan eventually decided to raise funds themselves. But as the process dragged on into 1873, the GWR gave up and moved the line to the west. Bypassing the township produced the long, gentle curve to the west, north of Ilderton. Lucan realized this was a problem, and 10 years later offered $18,000 to anyone that would build a spur to the LH&amp;BR, without success.
Construction.
Construction finally began in early 1875, with the last spike driven at Wingham on 11 December 1875. Minor improvements were required, and the line opened for freight on 31 December 1875. The official opening train travelled from London to Wingham and back on 12 January 1876, meeting with great fanfare at the towns along the route. Passenger service opened on 17 January. Built to the exacting standards of the GWR's later work, the line was well built and came in on budget, rare for that era.
The route was used primarily for shipping agricultural products, which gave it the nickname the "Butter and Egg Special". This proved rather profitable, and in 1879 it was stated that "the London-Huron&amp;Bruce, in proportion to its length (74 miles) is the best paying road in the Dominion of Canada". Passengers were not so impressed, and called it the "Let 'er Hit and Bounce", a play on its acronym, LH&amp;B.
Changing hands.
The line operated under the GWR lease until August 1892, when the Grand Trunk Railway's (GTR) hostile takeover of the Great Western occurred. It remained nominally independent within the GTR until 1 April 1893, when the GTR amalgamated its operating companies in Ontario. This became part of Canadian National Railways (CNR) in 1923 when they assumed control of the now-bankrupt GTR. CNR continued operation of the line as their Exeter Subdivision.
Abandonment.
Lower rates of train travel, especially during the Great Depression, led to losses on what had previously been a very profitable line; in 1939 the line lost $9,000. In December 1940, CNR informed the towns along the northern section of the line that they would be abandoning the section between Clinton and Wingham, which included the section through Blyth. In spite of protests, a last ceremonial passenger train ran on 26 April 1941, an event that was widely covered in the local papers. Passenger service along the rest of the line ended in April 1956.
In December 1987, the company applied for permission to abandon the section between Ilderton to Centralia, closing the section in 1988 and lifting the rails the next year. By 1 June 1989 the section was gone, with the metal shipped to a smelter in Pennsylvania.
The short section between Hyde Park and Ilderton remained in use, as the Ilderton Subdivision, especially to service the collection of lumberyards at Ontario Highway 22, a short distance north of the wye in Hyde Park. The section south from Clinton to Centrailia also remained in service, retaining the original Exeter Subdivision name. This section was purchased by the Goderich-Exeter Railway, who continues to operate it as the Exeter Subdivision. The Ilderton Sub was abandoned some time in the early 1990s.
Route.
The LH&amp;BR officially starts at the former GWR station in downtown London, a length of to Wingham Junction. However, the physical line starts at Hyde Park, a short distance west of London and now on the edge of its extended subdivisions. Measured from this point, the line is .
From Hyde Park it runs north-northwest through Ilderton, Denfield and just west of Clandeboye. From there it turns more northward, running perfectly straight through Exeter (which gave it its later name), Hensall and Clinton. The land north of Clinton is somewhat hilly, and the line begins a somewhat more wandering route to the northeast, through Blyth and Belgrave before ending at Wingham Junction, just southeast of Wingham.
There were two major connections, with the Buffalo and Lake Huron at Clinton, and the Wellington Grey and Bruce at Wingham Junction. It crosses the Guelph and Goderich Railway and the Grand Trunk Railway mainline to Sarnia, but did not connect with these. There were also two major spurs, one servicing a quarry a short distance north of Hyde Park, and much later, one servicing RCAF Station Centralia during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="56595538" url="?curid=56595538" title="List of members of the International Hockey Hall of Fame">
List of members of the International Hockey Hall of Fame


</doc>
<doc id="56595544" url="?curid=56595544" title="Sailing World Cup Weymouth">
Sailing World Cup Weymouth


</doc>
<doc id="56595570" url="?curid=56595570" title="Harp Okulu S.K.">
Harp Okulu S.K.

Harp Okulu SK, formerly known as Harbiye, is the sports club of the Turkish Military Academy based in Ankara, Turkey. Originally founded in Istanbul under the name Harbiye, the club relocated to the capital Ankara in 1936. The name was changed to Harp Okulu in the following years. Being active in numerous sports, the club has won its greatest successes in football and basketball.
The football department won the Turkish Football Championship in 1924 and thus became the first champions in Turkish football history. In the 1940s they won the championship title again in 1942 and 1945. The basketball department won the former Turkish Basketball Championship twice in a row in 1951 and 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="56595571" url="?curid=56595571" title="Maemo Leste">
Maemo Leste


</doc>
<doc id="56595572" url="?curid=56595572" title="Kachin woolly bat">
Kachin woolly bat

The Kachin woolly bat is a species of bat found in Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy and etymology.
It was initially described as a new species in 2004.
Its species name "kachinensis" is derived from Kachin State—the state in Myanmar where it was first documented.
Description.
It is a relatively large member of its genus, with a forearm length of .
Individuals weigh approximately .
Its fur is grayish-brown.
Its ears are large and hairless.
The tragus is long and narrow, at .
Its tail is long.
Its skull has a flattened appearance.
Its dental formula is for a total of 38 teeth.
Biology and ecology.
It is nocturnal, roosting during the day and foraging at night.
The state of its flattened skull led some researchers to hypothesize that during the day it roosts in small, constricted spaces.
Range and habitat.
It was first documented in Myanmar in 2004, but its range was quickly expanded to Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and Thailand after documentation in 2006.
Conservation.
It is currently assessed as least concern by the IUCN—its lowest conservation priority.
It meets the criteria for this assessment because it has a large range, no major threats to this species have been identified, and it is not likely to be declining quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="56595576" url="?curid=56595576" title="Kerivoula kachinensis">
Kerivoula kachinensis


</doc>
<doc id="56595578" url="?curid=56595578" title="Harp Okulu SK">
Harp Okulu SK


</doc>
<doc id="56595581" url="?curid=56595581" title="Harbokulu SK">
Harbokulu SK


</doc>
<doc id="56595583" url="?curid=56595583" title="James Monaghan (businessman)">
James Monaghan (businessman)


</doc>
<doc id="56595587" url="?curid=56595587" title="Harbokulu S.K.">
Harbokulu S.K.


</doc>
<doc id="56595594" url="?curid=56595594" title="Felger and Mazz">
Felger and Mazz


</doc>
<doc id="56595599" url="?curid=56595599" title="Sinners Wanted">
Sinners Wanted


</doc>
<doc id="56595607" url="?curid=56595607" title="Filmfare Award East for Best Male Playback Singer">
Filmfare Award East for Best Male Playback Singer

The Filmfare East Best Male Playback Singer Award is given by Indian film magazine "Filmfare" as a part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Bengali films, to recognise a male playback singer who has delivered an outstanding performance in a film song.
Superlatives.
Arijit Singh was the first holder of this award back in 2014 for the song "Mon Majhi Re" from "Boss". Nachiketa Chakraborty won the award on the second edition in 2017.
Arijit Singh also holds the record for most nominations (7), Youngest winner, Youngest nominee. Anupam Roy holds the record for most nominations without ever winning (5).
Nachiketa Chakraborty has won the award twice, while Arijit Singh and Anirban Bhattacharya has won the award once.

</doc>
<doc id="56595617" url="?curid=56595617" title="Chris Evans (basketball)">
Chris Evans (basketball)

Christopher Evans (born January 29, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Virtus Roma of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A (LBA). Standing at 2.03 m (6'8"), he plays the power forward position. After playing five years of college basketball at Coastal Carolina, Wabash Valley and Kent State, Evans entered the 2013 NBA draft, but he was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
High school career.
Evans played high school basketball at Petersburg in Petersburg, Virginia. Was rated the 17th best junior college player in the country at the start of the season by Rivals.com. At Petersburg High School he was named Second Team All-State and was rated the 73rd-best shooting guard in the country. In the 2008-2009 he averaged 15.3 points, 8.4 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game and helped lead his team to a 30-1 record and a berth in the Group AAA state semifinals.
College career.
As a freshman at Coastal Carolina, the Region 24 Player of the Year also took home All-Tournament honors at the NJCAA National Tournament where he averaged 21.7 points over three games. As a sophomore, he averaged 19.5 points, 8.2 rebounds and 2.0 assists per game while leading Wabash Valley to a 29-7 record and a regional title in the 2010-2011 season. On 2011 Evans was transferred to Kent State after playing the previous two seasons for Wabash Valley Community College where he earned first-team NJCAA Division I All-American honors.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2013 NBA draft, Evans joined Aries Trikala of the Greek Basket League. With Trikala, he was the second best scorer and the fourth best rebounder of the league. During his rookie season with Trikala, he averaged 16.5 points, 7.3 rebounds and 1.3 assists per game.
The following year, he joined Pallacanestro Trapani. On December he left the team and on January he joined Scafati Basket until the end of the season.
On July 21, 2015, Evans signed with Hapoel Tel Aviv of the Israeli Premier League. On December 7, 2015, he was waived by the team. On January 14, 2016, he joined Ironi Nahariya but he left the team after only two months.
During the 2016-17 season, Evans returned to the United States and joined Canton Charge. He was waived from the team on March 9, 2017, due to a season ending injury. On April 6, 2017, Evans joined Gimnasia de Comodoro of the Liga Nacional de Básquet. On September 8, he returned to Europe and signed with AS Monaco of the LNB Pro A and the Champions League.
On August 2, 2018, Evans signed a one-year deal with Herbalife Gran Canaria of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague.
On January 10, 2019, Evans signed a 6 months deal with Turkish side Pınar Karşıyaka.
On August 2, 2019, he has signed with Orléans Loiret Basket of the French Pro A.
On August 10, 2020, he signed with Virtus Roma of the Italian Serie A (LBA).
After Virtus Roma's withdrawal from the Serie A due to financial problems, Evans, like all the Roma players, was made free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="56595620" url="?curid=56595620" title="Petruchio (disambiguation)">
Petruchio (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56595626" url="?curid=56595626" title="Novodinia americana">
Novodinia americana

Novodina americana is a species of starfish found of the coast of Greenland. A 2018 study of deep-water starfish species found that "N. americana" was both bioluminescent and, unexpectedly for an inhabitant of the aphotic zone, to have eyes that have among the highest resolutions found this far among starfish.

</doc>
<doc id="56595630" url="?curid=56595630" title="Swamp monster">
Swamp monster


</doc>
<doc id="56595633" url="?curid=56595633" title="Prothinodes grammocosma">
Prothinodes grammocosma

Prothinodes grammocosma is a species of moth in the family Tineidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1888. This species is endemic to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="56595638" url="?curid=56595638" title="Felger and Massarotti">
Felger and Massarotti


</doc>
<doc id="56595643" url="?curid=56595643" title="Felger &amp; Massarotti">
Felger &amp; Massarotti


</doc>
<doc id="56595644" url="?curid=56595644" title="Fasti Potentini">
Fasti Potentini

The Fasti Potentini are a fragmentary list of Roman consuls from AD 86 to 118, originally erected at Potentia in Lucania, a region of southern Italy. Together with similar inscriptions, such as the "Fasti Capitolini" and "Fasti Triumphales", as well as the names of magistrates mentioned by ancient writers, the "Potentini" form part of a chronology referred to as the "Fasti Consulares", or Consular Fasti, sometimes abbreviated to just "the fasti".
Background.
Roman calendars originally contained lists of the days "fasti", days on which public business could be transacted, and days "nefasti", when business was prohibited for religious reasons. Over time the word "fasti" came to refer to the calendars themselves, which frequently contained lists of the annual magistrates. In Roman culture, as in many other ancient civilizations, historical events were usually dated by the names of the presiding magistrates, in this case the annually elected consuls. As a result, calendars listing the consuls over a span of years also came to be referred to as "fasti".
Under the Republic, if a consul died or resigned during his year of office, a new consul was elected to replace him, and designated "consul suffectus", to distinguish him from the "consules ordinarii" who lent their names to the year, although in all other respects his authority was equal to that of his colleague. In imperial times, it was common for the emperors to divide the year into periods of six, four, or two months, sometimes referred to as "nundinia", and appoint a different pair of consuls for each "nundinium"; although sometimes one consul continued in office, while a new colleague was appointed. The emperor himself frequently served as consul "ordinarius", resigning in favour of a new consul on the Ides of January or the Kalends of February, while his colleague remained in office.
Contents.
The "Fasti Potentini" consists of two sections, the first covering AD 86 to 93, and the second 112 to 116. The consuls are given in two columns, in keeping with the principle that there should always be two consuls. The right-hand column is more heavily damaged, so that all of the consuls on this side beginning with AD 93 are inferred from other sources. The list is partial, omitting some of the "suffecti" from extant years, and frequently giving consuls who may not have been colleagues on the same line. In the first section, the "ordinarii" are always given in the ablative case, "i.e. T. Aurelio Fulvo M. Asinio Atratino cos.", but in the second part all of the consuls are given in the nominative. In the transcription below, all of the names are given in the nominative.
The following transcription is based on one originally published in "L'Année épigraphique" in 1949, as amended in 2003 and 2005, together with the emendations of Eck, Paci, and Serenelli published in "Picus" in 2003. This table uses modern conventions for distinguishing between I and J, and between U and V. Otherwise, the names and notes are given as spelled in the fasti, including spelling variations, substituted letters, omitted and duplicated letters. Interpolated text for missing fragments of the original is given in square brackets, [ ].
Praenomina.
The following praenomina appear in the "Fasti Potentini". All were regularly abbreviated.

</doc>
<doc id="56595646" url="?curid=56595646" title="Austin Hilbourn">
Austin Hilbourn


</doc>
<doc id="56595647" url="?curid=56595647" title="Salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans">
Salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans

Salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of "Salisediminibacterium" which has been isolated from the Lonar crater lake in India.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56595648" url="?curid=56595648" title="Jordan Hill (suspect)">
Jordan Hill (suspect)


</doc>
<doc id="56595662" url="?curid=56595662" title="1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles was the 30th edition of the women's singles championship.
Toshiko Kowada defeated Gabriele Geissler in the final by three sets to one, to win the title. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56595669" url="?curid=56595669" title="The Formation of Vegetable Mould, Through the Action of Worms, with Observations on their Habits">
The Formation of Vegetable Mould, Through the Action of Worms, with Observations on their Habits


</doc>
<doc id="56595675" url="?curid=56595675" title="Ross MacDonald (musician)">
Ross MacDonald (musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56595679" url="?curid=56595679" title="Pavilion (London members club)">
Pavilion (London members club)


</doc>
<doc id="56595682" url="?curid=56595682" title="Jamey Stegmaier">
Jamey Stegmaier


</doc>
<doc id="56595686" url="?curid=56595686" title="Rock's law">
Rock's law


</doc>
<doc id="56595694" url="?curid=56595694" title="Don Kemp (victim)">
Don Kemp (victim)


</doc>
<doc id="56595696" url="?curid=56595696" title="Access (British TV programme)">
Access (British TV programme)

Access is a British entertainment news television programme created by Channel 5 which airs over their own networks which include Channel 5, 5Select, 5Star, 5USA and Paramount Network.
History.
"Access" was previously two different shows, "5* Access" and a show about Hollywood, but the two were combined to create the new format of "Access" in 2015.
In 2021, the programme was replaced with "Entertainment News on 5", a similar show to "Access" but with branding similar to Channel 5's own branding.
Format.
"Access" features news and gossip about showbiz, celebrities, pop culture, and also information and trailers for movies. "Access" airs throughout the day starting from 9am each day, it is the first programme to air on 5USA &amp; 5Select. It can run from 5 minutes or alternatively, 30 minutes in some occasions. The theme music for "Access" was written by UK production company Noise Fusion.

</doc>
<doc id="56595700" url="?curid=56595700" title="James Bulger (victim)">
James Bulger (victim)


</doc>
<doc id="56595704" url="?curid=56595704" title="Airport ground services">
Airport ground services


</doc>
<doc id="56595707" url="?curid=56595707" title="Francesco Cenci">
Francesco Cenci


</doc>
<doc id="56595708" url="?curid=56595708" title="Mentiri National Housing Area 'B'">
Mentiri National Housing Area 'B'

Mentiri National Housing Area 'B' () or Mentiri National Housing Area 2 () is a village administrative division of Brunei-Muara District, Brunei. It is a village subdivision under the mukim or subdistrict of Mentiri. As a village subdivision, it is headed by a or village head; the incumbent is Pengiran Ibrahim bin Pengiran Hidup. Mentiri National Housing Area 'B' is also a designated postcode area with the postcode BU2229.
Geography.
Mentiri National Housing Area 'B' is located in the north-eastern part of Brunei-Muara District. It borders the village subdivisions of Batu Marang to the north, Mentiri National Housing Area 'A' to the east, Pangkalan Sibabau to the south and Mentiri to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="56595711" url="?curid=56595711" title="Pollack's Rule">
Pollack's Rule


</doc>
<doc id="56595714" url="?curid=56595714" title="Larry King (victim)">
Larry King (victim)


</doc>
<doc id="56595715" url="?curid=56595715" title="Mentiri National Housing Area 2">
Mentiri National Housing Area 2


</doc>
<doc id="56595717" url="?curid=56595717" title="Berend Jan Udink">
Berend Jan Udink


</doc>
<doc id="56595727" url="?curid=56595727" title="Meredith Hunter (victim)">
Meredith Hunter (victim)


</doc>
<doc id="56595730" url="?curid=56595730" title="Salisediminibacterium halotolerans">
Salisediminibacterium halotolerans

Salisediminibacterium halotolerans is a gram-positive, alkalitolerant, and halophilic bacterium from the family Bacillaceae and genus of "Salisediminibacterium," which was one of three bacterial strains, and the only novel species, isolated from sediments from the Xiarinaoer soda lake in Mongolia in 2012.
History.
"Salisediminibacterium halotolerans" (strain halo-2T) was one of three bacterial strains extracted from sediment of the Xiarinaoer soda lake located in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. The other strains include "Halolactibacillus alkaliphilus" and "Salsuginibacillus halophilus," which are two novel strains of halophilic bacterial species that had already been discovered. At the time the sediment samples were collected from the lake, the sediment was −1 °C, had a pH of 9.91, and the salinity of the overlying water was 84 g l−1.
Strain halo-2T appeared to most closely relate to two unidentified isolates from Soda lakes in Kenya through phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Low levels of 16S rRNA sequence similarity with established species indicated that the strain halo-2T belonged to a novel taxonomic group, "Salisedminibacterium halotolerans".
In 2015, a novel strain belonging to the genus "Salisediminibacterium" was discovered in the Lonar soda lake in India. This strain is called "Salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans," and is 99.9% related to "Salisediminibacterium halotolerans" (strain CGMCC)"."
Characteristics.
The Salisedminibacterium genus is characterized by rod-shaped cells inhabiting salt sediments. These bacteria are Gram-reaction-positive and are facultative anaerobes. Initially thought to be non-spore forming and non-motile, the genus is variably motile and may or may not form spores. The species "halotolerans" means that the strain halo-2T can withstand high salt concentrations. It can grow in a pH ranging from 5.0-10.0, but the optimal pH is 8-9. It can grow within a temperature range of 17 - 50 °C, but the optimal temperature is 37 °C.
Composition.
The fatty acids of the genus "Salisediminibacterium" mostly consist of anteiso-C15 : 0, anteiso-C17 : 0 and iso-C15 : 0. The cell-wall peptidoglycan contains the diagnostic diamino acid meso-diaminopimelic acid. The predominant menaquinone is MK-7. The polar lipids include four phospholipids (PL1, 3, 5 and 6) including diphosphatidylglycerol, phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylglycerol and an unknown aminophospholipid (APL1).
Strain halo-2T does not contain the catalase, oxidase, urease, or nitrate reductase enzymes, but does contain enzymes to hydrolyze starch. Its cell wall peptidoglycan contains meso-diaminopimelic acid and MK-7, the predominant menaquinone. The polar lipid profile of strain halo-2T consists of diphosphatidylglycerol, phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylglycerol. The strain produces a water-insoluble orange pigment, with a major peak at 459 nm, and has a genomic DNA G+C content of 48.2 mol%.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56595734" url="?curid=56595734" title="Agile learning">
Agile learning

Agile learning generally refers to the transfer of agile methods of project work, especially Scrum, to learning processes. Likewise, agile learning proceeds in incremental steps and through an Iterative design which alternates between phases of learning and doing. The tutors rather have the role of a learning attendant or supporter. In a narrower sense, it is intended to allow competence-oriented, media-based learning in the work process within companies. Beside this, the term can take several other meanings and is also often used within e-learning and online environments.
Background.
Scrum is a framework for project and product management, in particular for agile software development. Scrum employs an iterative, incremental approach to optimize predictability and control risk. It has been developed from the experience that many development projects are too complex to be included in a full-scale plan, and an essential part of the requirements cannot be fully understood or defined up front. In order to eliminate these ambiguities, work is broken into actions that can be completed within time-boxed iterations, called sprints – with clear goals and regular feedback loops. During a sprint, progress and interim results are monitored in short daily meetings. At the end of a sprint, the results, the working process, and the cooperation are reflected upon and a new interval begins.
In companies.
Requirements.
The framework of scrum can be well adjusted to the requirements of companies for a dynamic, workplace-integrated competence development and the subsequent frequency and intensity with which employees have to educate themselves further and acquire new skills. As complexity and dynamics in the internal and external specialization and collaborations increase the need for training and competence development increases as well. In terms of competence development, organizations therefore have concrete needs that are not met well by classical forms of qualification (e.g. seminar courses, continuing education courses), namely:
There is a need for the integration of knowledge and content management with collaboration technologies and for developing a new (online) manufacturing training methodology in order to train and build the manufacturing workforce of the future. Such learning environments and learning processes have as requirements:
So far, however, there are hardly any suitable continuing education formats for this need. One answer to this is the agile learning approach with its flexibility in relation to all three above mentioned requirements. In accordance with scrum and established psychological findings for an effective pursuit of goals, Agile learning divides an extensive (learning) process into individual, manageable learning phases. Here, too, the three pillars of scrum of transparency, verification, adaptation apply.
Key elements.
The key elements of agile learning in companies are:
Roles within agile learning.
Parallel to Scrum, three roles can be described, which have slightly different tasks in agile learning.
Coach ("Scrum master").
This role may be supplemented by topic/issue-specific experts
Agile learning in university.
In agile teaching and learning, students can take on the role of the client; the agile software development process in which the client is involved is replaced by the learning/teaching process with students and tutors as actors; the increments that implement new functionality in short cycles correspond to the continuous increase in students' abilities in the agile learning/teaching process. Alternatively to enrich the learning process and remove student learning from hypothetical situations, an industry client, a real world problem can be used as the foci for learning and acquisition of requisite skills. 
Agile methods can be incorporated into courses both as content and as the working method for students. In line with agile concepts they can also be adapted. For instance agile problem based learning is a pedagogical and curricular vehicle used to blur the work study silos, informal and formal learning spaces and facilitate connected learning ( Agile problem based teaching and learning methods have been used to cultivate learning agility in students in an effort to prepare them for ambiguous and complex work contexts and help student protype solutions for complex issues such as human trafficking, informal settlements, youth unemployment and organ donation Learning agility in a university context is a learned ability which allows students to use feedback from previous assessments and apply their learning in other related or unrelated tasks. 
Agile implies that learners create content and develop skills alongside teachers in a collaborative yet competitive environment mediated by technology. The role of the teacher is centered on facilitation and project direction from an informed perspective. Learners become self-directed, team-oriented, and individually resilient lifelong learners. A study on an implementation of the agile method into an online higher education context showed that the agile strategies incorporated into project-based learning facilitated team regulation and project management.
Potentials and limits of agile learning.
In agile learning the participants may gain new competencies that are, unlike in classical formal education, directly linked to their work context. In pursuit of the individual problem-solving as well as in exchange with the learning team and the coaches, their competence increase becomes recognizable to themselves, so that successful learning strategies can also be harnessed in future. Therefore, the main potential of this approach lies in the practical relevance of the acquired competencies and in the demand-oriented communication of contents, techniques, and skills.
Like any project-oriented teaching/learning method, agile learning reaches its boundaries when the goal is the systematic coverage of a pre-defined curriculum. Exemplary learning cannot ensure this. For subject areas where particular importance is attached to the completeness of learning content (e.g. safety at work or fire protection), classical further education formats are to be preferred. There, agile learning projects can only supplement training with a transfer supporting the sustainable implementation of the learning content in everyday working life.

</doc>
<doc id="56595738" url="?curid=56595738" title="Niels B. Christiansen">
Niels B. Christiansen


</doc>
<doc id="56595741" url="?curid=56595741" title="Dennis, John, 1657-1734">
Dennis, John, 1657-1734


</doc>
<doc id="56595742" url="?curid=56595742" title="Standard Statistcs Bureau">
Standard Statistcs Bureau


</doc>
<doc id="56595744" url="?curid=56595744" title="Calliobothrium">
Calliobothrium

Calliobothrium is a genus of cestodes in the order Tetraphyllidea.
Most, or possibly all, of the known species are parasites found within the intestines of members of the shark family Triakidae. It is known that in some instances at least two different species of "Calliobothrium" can parasitise the same species of shark.

</doc>
<doc id="56595756" url="?curid=56595756" title="The St David's Hotel">
The St David's Hotel


</doc>
<doc id="56595759" url="?curid=56595759" title="Vickyann Chrobak-Sadowski">
Vickyann Chrobak-Sadowski


</doc>
<doc id="56595765" url="?curid=56595765" title="SATA 2.5">
SATA 2.5


</doc>
<doc id="56595774" url="?curid=56595774" title="Shiva Rajaram">
Shiva Rajaram


</doc>
<doc id="56595776" url="?curid=56595776" title="Tyler Noseworthy">
Tyler Noseworthy


</doc>
<doc id="56595777" url="?curid=56595777" title="SATA 2.6">
SATA 2.6


</doc>
</root>