<root><doc id="56870562" url="?curid=56870562" title="Dunera, Gurdaspur">
Dunera, Gurdaspur

Dunera is a village in Dhar Kalan in Pathankot district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 511 houses and the population of 2502 of which 1290 are males while 1937 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 81.21%, higher than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 288 which is 11.51% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 959 higher than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 45.12% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 723 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 667 males and 56 females. According to census survey report 2011, 63.62% workers describe their work as main work and 36.38% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56870563" url="?curid=56870563" title="Walls of Hell">
Walls of Hell


</doc>
<doc id="56870565" url="?curid=56870565" title="Kokusai Ku-7 Manazuru">
Kokusai Ku-7 Manazuru


</doc>
<doc id="56870566" url="?curid=56870566" title="Jin (singer)">
Jin (singer)


</doc>
<doc id="56870568" url="?curid=56870568" title="Ghazi Shah Mound">
Ghazi Shah Mound

The Ghazi Shah Mound is most ancient archaeological site located in Johi Tehsil Dadu District Sindh, Pakistan. It was explored by N. G. Majumdar and Louis Flam has also studied and surveyed this ancient site. It is very earliest site of Indus Valley Civilization dates back to 4000 to 6000 years.
References.
This information is given by Anshika Amol Gole

</doc>
<doc id="56870582" url="?curid=56870582" title="34th International Film Festival of India">
34th International Film Festival of India

The 34th International Film Festival of India was held from 9-19 October 2003 in New Delhi. The competitive edition was restricted to "Asian Directors and Neelam Kapur was the festival director. Veteran actor Kamal Hassan was the chief guest.

</doc>
<doc id="56870585" url="?curid=56870585" title="Anne Dacre, Countess of Arundel">
Anne Dacre, Countess of Arundel


</doc>
<doc id="56870586" url="?curid=56870586" title="Ilie Poenaru">
Ilie Poenaru

Ilie Poenaru (born 11 November 1976) is a Romanian professional football manager and former football player who played as a left-back. He is the manager of Liga I club Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Club career.
Poenaru started his professional career at Steaua București, but he did not appear in an official game for the club. Poenaru made his Liga I debut on 19 February 2002, for Politehnica Timișoara, in a 1–3 defeat against Farul Constanța. In his career Ilie played mostly for Politehnica Timișoara and Argeș Pitești with short periods spent at Metalul Plopeni, FC Gloria Buzău and Concordia Chiajna. 
Managerial career.
After retirement, Poenaru started his football manager career and coached teams such as: Inter Clinceni, Voluntari or Dinamo București U-19. In January 2018, he was appointed as manager of Liga II club Academica Clinceni.

</doc>
<doc id="56870589" url="?curid=56870589" title="Bhamlada">
Bhamlada

Bhamlada is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 376 houses and the population of 1887 of which 1010 are males while 877 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 83.06%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 210 which is 11.13% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 680 lower than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 12.67% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 542 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 496 males and 46 females. According to census survey report 2011, 80.44% workers describe their work as main work and 19.56% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56870599" url="?curid=56870599" title="Shariful Islam (cricketer)">
Shariful Islam (cricketer)


</doc>
<doc id="56870603" url="?curid=56870603" title="No. 13 – A Dancing Van Gogh">
No. 13 – A Dancing Van Gogh

No. 13 – A Dancing Van Gogh () is the thirteenth studio album by Singaporean singer Stefanie Sun (), released on 9 November 2017 by Universal Music Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="56870605" url="?curid=56870605" title="Strir Patra (film)">
Strir Patra (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56870607" url="?curid=56870607" title="Infant hercules syndrome">
Infant hercules syndrome

Infant hercules syndrome may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56870611" url="?curid=56870611" title="4TU.Federation">
4TU.Federation


</doc>
<doc id="56870619" url="?curid=56870619" title="United States national under-20 soccer team (disambiguation)">
United States national under-20 soccer team (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870631" url="?curid=56870631" title="American sub">
American sub


</doc>
<doc id="56870635" url="?curid=56870635" title="South Korea women's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team">
South Korea women's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56870636" url="?curid=56870636" title="Jigo-jishō">
Jigo-jishō


</doc>
<doc id="56870638" url="?curid=56870638" title="South Korea women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team">
South Korea women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56870642" url="?curid=56870642" title="South Korea national under-18 and under-19 basketball team">
South Korea national under-18 and under-19 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56870644" url="?curid=56870644" title="South Korea national under-16 and under-17 basketball team">
South Korea national under-16 and under-17 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56870647" url="?curid=56870647" title="29th International Film Festival of India">
29th International Film Festival of India

The 29th International Film Festival of India was held from 10–20 January 1998 in New Delhi. The competitive edition was restricted to "Asian Directors. 

</doc>
<doc id="56870651" url="?curid=56870651" title="Wilderich von Walderdorff">
Wilderich von Walderdorff

Wilderich von Walderdorff (14 January 1617, Würzburg – 4 September 1680, Vienna) from the was Prince-Bishop of Vienna and Imperial Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire (1660-1669).
Biography.
He was a member of the Walderdorff family; the son of Johann Peter von Walderdorff (1575–1635) and his wife Maria Magdalena Greiffenklau zu Vollrads (1595–1678), sister of the Archbishop of Mainz, Georg Friedrich von Greiffenclau zu Vollrads. The epitaph of his parents is located in the town church of Limburg an der Lahn. His younger brother Johann Philipp von Walderdorff (1620–1689) was also a clergyman, as well as canon in Speyer and Trier. Together with him, he built the between 1665 and 1668.
The young nobleman first studied in Würzburg, Speyer and the Collegium Germanicum in Rome, was not ordained a priest until 1659 and soon became a canon in Würzburg, Speyer and Mainz. From 1647 to 1669, Walderdorff was Vicar-General of Mainz, from 1650 dean, later also cathedral provost in the Diocese of Speyer. He became Imperial Privy Councilor and served as Reich Vice Chancellor for 11 years.
Walderdorff acquired in the mid-seventeenth century the Stockheimer Hof on the then Frauenbrüderplatz called Carmelite Square. In 1720 he removed and converted a two-storey angular building with a high hipped roof. In the middle of the facade, which is oriented towards the Karmeliterplatz, a Baroque architectural frame was inserted in the middle with a Madonna figure on a crescent moon. The pedestal shows the family crest of Greiffenclau-Vollrads, from which his mother originates, and Walderdorff's Latin inscription "SUB TUUM PRAESIDIUM" (Under your protection may this house stand). The Baroque court complex was largely destroyed in 1942 by aerial bombs.
Emperor Leopold I appointed him Bishop of Vienna in 1669. Because of his gentleness and charity towards the poor he was very popular. He sought to exalt piety in his diocese and to train native priests. Hydrops caused him in 1674 to appoint the Schottenstift's Johann Schmitzberger as auxiliary bishop, who represented him as bishop.
He is buried in St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56870655" url="?curid=56870655" title="1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1967 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 28th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Saeko Hirota and Sachiko Morisawa defeated Noriko Yamanaka and Naoko Fukatsu in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56870657" url="?curid=56870657" title="Castles of Sardinia">
Castles of Sardinia

Between existing and disappeared there are 82 castles in Sardinia, all built during the Middle Ages. Some date back to the Byzantine period, but most of them were built during the Giudicati period and the della Gherardesca, Malaspina and Doria domination, especially from the second half of the 13th century onwards.
Realized mainly for strategic-military purposes, they had the function of supervising the judicial borders and the most important communication routes. With the unification of Sardinia under the Aragonese their importance faded away and over time almost all of them went into ruin.

</doc>
<doc id="56870666" url="?curid=56870666" title="All-Ireland Senior Championship (disambiguation)">
All-Ireland Senior Championship (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870675" url="?curid=56870675" title="Ellguth Tillowitz">
Ellguth Tillowitz


</doc>
<doc id="56870679" url="?curid=56870679" title="Andreas Bruus">
Andreas Bruus

Andreas Bruus (; born 16 January 1999) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a wing-back for Danish Superliga club Brøndby IF. He has also represented Denmark since under-16 level.
Career.
Brøndby.
Youth.
Born in Greve Strand, Bruus joined the Brøndby IF youth academy in 2005. He combined this with education at first Krogårdsskolen in his hometown of Greve, and later secondary school at Albertslund Gymnasium together with fellow Brøndby talents Casper Hauervig and Christian Enemark.
On 25 October 2017, Bruus signed his first professional contract with Brøndby IF, a two-and-a-half-year deal which tied him to the club until the summer of 2019. He was included in the first team squad from 1 January 2018. He made his Brøndby debut at the age of 18 when he was brought on for the final ten minutes in the 2–2 home draw against AGF on 10 December 2017.
Loan to Roskilde.
Bruus signed a new three-year contract on 31 August 2018 with Brøndby before joining Danish second tier club FC Roskilde on loan until the end of the 2018–19 season. He scored four goals in 24 appearances during his spell, including a brace against Nykøbing FC in a 5–0 away win.
Return to Brøndby.
Bruus returned to Brøndby after his loan, but failed to make any appearances during the fall of the 2019–20 season under new manager Niels Frederiksen. In January 2020, he appeared as a right wing-back in friendlies against BK Avarta and Hvidovre IF indicating a new, more defensive role for him in Brøndby after having mostly played as a striker before. He continued in this role in friendlies against Lyngby and Hvidovre, and was called up for the first team in their first match, after the COVID-19 pandemic had suspended the competition, on 2 June 2020 for the match against SønderjyskE. Bruus came on as a substitute for an injured Kevin Mensah with 20 minutes remaining. On 19 July, Bruus signed a new contract to keep him at the club until 2023, after having established himself as a starter at the right wing-back position in head coach Frederiksen's 3–5–2 formation.
Bruus scored his first goal for Brøndby on 24 October 2020, in a 2–3 home loss to Midtjylland.
Honours.
Brøndby

</doc>
<doc id="56870684" url="?curid=56870684" title="List of Monuments of National Importance in Allahabad district">
List of Monuments of National Importance in Allahabad district

The Archaeological Survey of India has recognized 20 Monuments of National Importance in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="56870685" url="?curid=56870685" title="Kniphofia rooperi">
Kniphofia rooperi

Kniphofia rooperi, Rooper’s red-hot poker, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asphodelaceae, native to the Eastern Cape of South Africa. Growing to tall, it is a robust evergreen perennial with strap-shaped leaves produced at an angle from the main stem. In autumn the stout central stems bear flattened oval flowerheads consisting of many tubular florets packed closely together. Green in bud, the flowers open to bright red and fade from the base to yellow and brown, thus giving the appearance of a red-hot poker.
"K. rooperi" is valued in horticulture for its architectural qualities and late season flowering, and is equally at home in the mixed flower border and in more naturalistic plantings. It is hardy down to . It requires a situation in full sun, which is reliably moist but well-drained. Excessive dryness may prevent flowerheads from forming, while bad drainage can cause the crown to rot. The evergreen foliage may become untidy during the winter months. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="56870686" url="?curid=56870686" title="Batman White Knight">
Batman White Knight


</doc>
<doc id="56870689" url="?curid=56870689" title="Business organization (disambiguation)">
Business organization (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870691" url="?curid=56870691" title="Jerusalem–HaUma railway station">
Jerusalem–HaUma railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56870701" url="?curid=56870701" title="Brochu">
Brochu

Brochu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56870707" url="?curid=56870707" title="Bizli">
Bizli

Bizli (lit.: lightning), is a 2018 Bangladeshi Superhero film directed by Iftakar Chowdhury, and produced by Bobstar Films. It stars Bobby as the protagonist and Indian actress Satabdi Roy as the antagonist. The film was released countrywide on 13 April 2018. It is the first superhero film in Bangladesh to possess an original script and story line.
Release.
The first look of "Bizli" was revealed on 15 March 2018. Bizli was released in Sydney Australia on 8 July 2018. Also released in Dublin, London, Luton, and Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="56870709" url="?curid=56870709" title="Palazzi dei Rolli">
Palazzi dei Rolli


</doc>
<doc id="56870713" url="?curid=56870713" title="Genoa, Le Strade Nuove and the system of the Palazzi dei Rolli">
Genoa, Le Strade Nuove and the system of the Palazzi dei Rolli


</doc>
<doc id="56870719" url="?curid=56870719" title="Ritualized aggression">
Ritualized aggression

Ritualized aggression is when animals use a range of behaviours as posture or warning but without engaging in actual aggression, which is expensive in terms of energy and the risk of injury. Ritualized aggression involves a graded series of behaviours or displays that include threatening gestures (such as vocalizations, spreading of wings or gill covers, lifting and presentation of claws, head bobbing, tail beating, lunging, etc.) and occasionally posturing physical actions such as inhibited (non-injurious) bites.
Examples.
Cats.
Domestic cats ("Felis catus") are very territorial and defend their territories with ritualized body posturing, stalking, staring, spitting, yowling and howling.
Spider monkeys.
Spider monkeys (genus "Ateles") defend their territory by screams, barks, rattling or dropping branches, and urinating and defecating on intruders below. 
Oscar cichlids.
Oscar cichlids ("Astronotus ocellatus") are able to rapidly alter their colouration, a trait which facilitates ritualised territorial and combat behaviours amongst conspecifics. Individuals of another cichlid species, the blunthead cichlid ("Tropheus moorii"), defend their feeding territory with a display, quivering the tail and fins to intimidate, or an attack, darting at the intruder and chasing them away. "Astatotilapia burtoni" cichlids have similar displays of aggressive behaviour if they are territorial, which include threat displays and chasing.
Ring-tailed lemur.
Male ring-tailed lemurs have scent glands on their wrists, chests, and in the genital area. During encounters with rival males they may perform ritualized aggression by having a "stink fight". The males anoint their tails by rubbing the ends of their tails on the inside of their wrists and on their chests. They then arch their tails over their bodies and wave them at their opponent. The male toward which this is directed either responds with a display of his own, physical aggression, or flees. "Stink fights" can last from 10 minutes to one hour.
Creek chub.
The creek chub ("Semotilus atromaculatus") engages in ritualized aggression when others of the species invade its territory. Engaging in parallel swimming, the fish widens its fins and mouth and swims at a caudal fin beat. Intimidating opponent fish throughout these rituals, the forward fish stops and directs blows to the head of the other fish to ensure territory dominance.

</doc>
<doc id="56870721" url="?curid=56870721" title="Puschkau">
Puschkau


</doc>
<doc id="56870724" url="?curid=56870724" title="Ritualised aggression">
Ritualised aggression


</doc>
<doc id="56870725" url="?curid=56870725" title="Town &amp; Country Club">
Town &amp; Country Club


</doc>
<doc id="56870728" url="?curid=56870728" title="Cinema Le Palace">
Cinema Le Palace

Cinema Le Palace, formerly known as Politeama Rossini or Rossini Palace, is a building located on the Habib-Bourguiba avenue in Tunisia. It serves nowadays as a movie theater.
History.
Inaugurated on 12 March 1903 as the Politeama Rossini, it served originally as a theater for the Italian community in Tunisia. In 1923, it was re-sold and transformed to a furniture store. A few years later, it is transformed into a movie theater.
The Association de sauvegarde de la médina de Tunis (Association for the protection of the medina of Tunis) restorated his pediment during the embellishment works of the Habib-Bourgiba avenue in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="56870730" url="?curid=56870730" title="Lobris">
Lobris


</doc>
<doc id="56870731" url="?curid=56870731" title="Uniformisation Theorem">
Uniformisation Theorem


</doc>
<doc id="56870733" url="?curid=56870733" title="Pozi bit">
Pozi bit


</doc>
<doc id="56870737" url="?curid=56870737" title="Charles Doman">
Charles Doman

Charles Leighfield Jonah Doman FRBS (31 August 1884 – 19 March 1944) was a sculptor from Nottingham.
Career.
Born in 1884, he was the son of George L. Doman, a stone carver and monumental mason. He trained at the Nottingham School of Art from 1897 to 1901, where he was a pupil of Joseph Else. Then he worked for his father and studied at the Royal College of Art in South Kensington, London from 1905 to 1908.
He married Selina Maud Alton in 1908 in Nottingham.
Sculpture which is visible in public buildings includes the Bust of Lord Trent at Highfields Park, Nottingham, Civic Law at Nottingham Council House, and The Port of London Authority building, erected in 1928.
He taught sculpture at the Putney School of Art. In 1923 he became an associate member of the Royal Society of British Sculptors and 1938 he was elected a Fellow.
Doman designed the Allied Subjects' Medal which was issued in 1922. This medal design was produced for a War Office competition of 1921. He also designed the 1928 Armistice medal (marking 10 years since the end of the First World War) which was issued by the Royal Mint.
He died on 19 March 1944 in the southwest London suburb of Wimbledon (then in the county of Surrey) southwest London and left an estate valued at £2,892 1s 7d. ().

</doc>
<doc id="56870752" url="?curid=56870752" title="Böhmische Masse">
Böhmische Masse


</doc>
<doc id="56870764" url="?curid=56870764" title="Sue Field">
Sue Field

Susan Elizabeth Field (born 10 May 1959) is an English Anglican priest who has been Archdeacon Pastor (and Archdeacon of Coventry) in the Diocese of Coventry since 18 March 2018.
Field was educated at King Edward VI High School for Girls, Birmingham and the University of York. She taught maths at Queensbridge School for three years. She studied for the priesthood at Queen's College, Birmingham. She was ordained deacon in 1987; and priest in 1994. After a curacy in Coleshill, Warwickshire she was the Chaplain at Loughborough University from 1991 to 1998. She was Team Vicar of Loughborough from 1998 until 2014; and Vicar of Nanpantan from 2014 until her appointment as Archdeacon Pastor. During her time in Loughborough, she also held other senior leadership posts.

</doc>
<doc id="56870775" url="?curid=56870775" title="Mind on It">
Mind on It

"Mind on It" is a song by Yungen featuring vocals from British singer Jess Glynne. It was released as a digital download on 16 March 2018. The song peaked at number 47 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background.
Talking to the Official Charts Company, Yungen said: "Every track I've done with a feature before has been with a male artist, so I knew that when I did one with a female, it had to be someone I was genuinely a fan of, someone who I think, woah, I can't believe I've got you on this track. I let my team reach out instead of me, because if she [Jess Glynne] said no to them and not me, it wouldn't hurt as much [laughs]. But she was up for it. Then we got in the studio and she is such a cool girl to work with - she's in this for the music."

</doc>
<doc id="56870778" url="?curid=56870778" title="Königszelt">
Königszelt


</doc>
<doc id="56870779" url="?curid=56870779" title="1950 French Annapurna expedition">
1950 French Annapurna expedition

The 1950 French Annapurna expedition, led by Maurice Herzog, reached the summit of Annapurna I at , the highest peak in the Annapurna Massif. The mountain is in Nepal and the government had given permission for the expedition, the first time it had permitted mountaineering in over a century. After failing to climb Dhaulagiri I at , the higher peak nearby to the west, the team attempted Annapurna with Herzog and Louis Lachenal, reaching the summit on 3 June 1950. It was only with considerable help from their team that they were able to return alive, though with severe injuries following frostbite.
Annapurna became the highest mountain to have been ascended to its summit, exceeding that achieved by the 1936 expedition to Nanda Devi, and the mountain was the first eight-thousander to be climbed. The feat was a great achievement for French mountaineering and caught the public imagination with front-page coverage in a best-selling issue of "Paris Match". Herzog wrote a best-selling book "Annapurna" full of vivid descriptions of heroic endeavour and anguished suffering – but which much later was criticised for being too self-serving.
Background.
Himalayan mountaineering after World War II.
Annapurna is in the Eastern Himalaya in Nepal, and no one had attempted to climb the mountain before 1950. All pre–World War II Himalayan mountaineering expeditions had avoided Nepal and had travelled via Tibet or India, but in 1949, alarmed that the communists seemed to be gaining control in China, Tibet expelled all Chinese officials and closed its borders to foreigners. In October 1950 Tibet was occupied by the People's Republic of China and its borders remained closed indefinitely.
For over one hundred years Nepal, ruled by the Rana dynasty, had not allowed explorers or mountaineers into the country. However, by 1946 a possible communist-sponsored revolution was even less welcome than Western influence so Nepal opened diplomatic discussions with the United States. Privately hoping to be able to use Nepal as a Cold War launching point for missiles, the United States welcomed the new situation. Scientific expeditions became permitted but two requests in 1948 from Switzerland and Britain for purely mountaineering expeditions were refused. A year later mountaineers were allowed if they were accompanying scientific travellers. Nepal first gave permission for a full mountaineering expedition for a French attempt in 1950 on Dhaulagiri or Annapurna.
French mountaineering.
Alpine mountaineering was immensely popular in France – the Fédération Française des clubs alpins et de montagne had 31,000 members in 1950 – and the top mountaineers were second only to footballers in their celebrity. Although French mountaineers included some of the leading alpinists in the world, they had not ventured much beyond the Alps whereas their British counterparts, with little truly mountainous terrain of their own and less skill on rock faces, had been reconnoitring Himalaya via an India that was no longer British. After the travails of war a mountaineering success would be good for the public mood.
Planning the expedition.
In 1949 the French Alpine Club requested permission from the Nepalese government to carry out a major expedition. The timing turned out to be ideal, and they were given permission to attempt to climb either Dhaulagiri or Annapurna in remote northwestern Nepal. The two mountain ranges, each consisting of many high peaks, are on each side of the great Kali Gandaki Gorge – Dhaulagiri I and Annapurna I, the highest in each range, are over and there had been no previous attempts to climb these mountains. The region had only been casually explored previously and the mountain heights had been determined by surveyors with precision theodolites based far away in India. Other nations felt that they should have been given priority but Nepal had favoured France. In Britain there had been the hope that international rivalry would cease after the war but this was not the view of the French government (who were providing one third of the resources) or of the banking and industrial sponsors, so the enterprise was to be strictly French.
, the most influential person in French mountaineering, was responsible for gathering together a team and he chose Maurice Herzog, an experienced amateur climber, to be the leader of the expedition. Accompanying him were to be three younger Chamonix professional mountain guides, Louis Lachenal, Lionel Terray and Gaston Rébuffat, and two amateurs Jean Couzy and . The doctor was and the interpreter and transport officer , a diplomat. The only person who had previously been to the Himalaya was Marcel Ichac who was the expedition's photographer and cinematographer. The three mountain guides would have preferred an international approach whereas Herzog welcomed climbing for national prestige. None were paid, not even the professional guides. The Maharajah of Nepal appointed G.B. Rana to accompany the expedition for local liaison, translation and general organisation.
Two days before the expedition departed, Devies gathered the French team together and required them to swear an oath that they would obey their leader in everything.
Embarking on expedition and reconnaissance.
Departure and march-in.
On 30 March 1950 the French Annapurna Expedition flew on an Air France DC-4 from Paris to New Delhi (with several refuelling stops). They took 3.5 tons of supplies which included ropes and outer clothing of nylon, down-filled jackets and felt-lined leather boots with rubber soles – all innovative equipment. Most of their food was to be bought locally and they had decided not to take bottled oxygen. Another aircraft took them to Lucknow where they met Ang Tharkay, the expedition's highly experienced sirdar A train took them to Nautanwa where they met up with the other sherpas and entered Nepal to travel on by truck through jungle and then grassy fields to Butwal where the road ended. On the march-in Lachenal and Terray would keep going on ahead as a scouting party while the rest followed with 150 porters carrying the supplies on their backs. Porters were paid according to the weight of their loads and they scorned the work they were being offered where the packs averaged about . However, they were willing to accept double loads of . Terray estimated the heaviest porter would not have had a body weight of over 80 kilograms.
Reconnaissance of region.
Dhaulagiri and Annapurna are apart on either side of the gorge of the Kali Gandaki river, a tributary of the Ganges. As the expedition approached from the south Dhaulagiri was clearly visible as a white pyramid to the west whereas Annapurna to the east was hidden behind the Nilgiri mountains. On first seeing Dhaulagiri on 17 April the immediate impression was that it was unclimbable. They could not see Annapurna but there was a break in the Nilgiris where the Miristi Kola flows into the Kali Gandaki through a deep and narrow gorge with an impenetrable entrance. The 1920s Survey of India map they were using (see left-hand Annapurna map below) showed a path leading up the gorge and over "Tilicho Pass" that might provide a route to the north face of Annapurna. However, none of the local inhabitants they spoke to knew of a path or had any further information. Continuing up the Kali Gandaki Gorge the team reached the market town of Tukusha at on 21 April. The people lived there in primitive conditions – Terray described the place as having "biblical charm". Couzy climbed a Nilgiri peak to the east of Tukusha to inspect the eastern Dhaulagiri terrain and he concluded the southeast ridge was "absolutely frightful". Even so, Herzog decided that they should first focus on Dhaulagiri, the higher mountain, since they would only have to investigate possible routes to the summit and would not have to reconnoitre to find the mountain itself.
Dhaulagiri exploration.
Starting from Tukusha, the climbers Lachenal and Rébuffat headed for an initial exploration of Dhaulagiri's eastern glacier, while Herzog, Terray and Ichac went to the north where they found their 1920s map was seriously defective (see above). Unlike Annapurna, Dhaulagiri is well separated from its neighbouring peaks and it is steep on all sides. They found an unmapped region they called the "Hidden Valley" but from there they were unable to see the mountain at all. Over the next two weeks small groups examined the southeast and northeast ridges while Terray and Oudot reached a pass (called French Pass) beyond the Hidden Valley but, although they were able to see Dhaulagiri, they decided the north face could not be climbed. They were also able to see across to Annapurna in the distance where there were steep cliffs to the south but the northern profile did not look to be more than 35°.
Annapurna exploration.
During this Dhaulagiri reconnaissance, Schatz, Couzy, Oudot and Ang Tharkay had been back south to explore the deep canyon of the Miristi Kola river. When they had previously passed that river on the march-in it seemed to have a greater flow than would be likely for the limited drainage basin shown on the map. To avoid the entrance to the gorge, the party climbed to the ridge of the Nilgiris from where they could see the ravine below was indeed impassable. However, traversing beside the ridge by following a slight path marked with cairns, they reached a point from which Schatz and Couzy were able to descend to the river and from there they reached the base of Annapurna's northwest spur. They could not tell whether the spur, or the ice fields on either side of it, might provide a feasible route to the summit.
With everyone back in Tukusha and with poor prospects of attaining either summit from the east, west or south, Herzog acted on the advice of a Buddhist lama that they should travel towards Muktinath on a route to the north and then east. Hoping they might be able to approach "Tilicho Pass" from the east along the track marked on their map, Rébuffat, Ichac and Herzog set off on 8 May crossing two passes north of a peak (now called Tilicho Peak) at each end of a frozen ice lake and discovering an unmapped wall of mountains to their south continuing beyond the lake and still blocking any view of Annapurna. This part of the Nilgiri range looping right round the north of Annapurna they called the "Great Barrier". Ichac and Ang Tharkay stayed back to do accurate surveying and to climb north to a point at about on a ridge, hoping the see the mountain over the Great Barrier – but everywhere was shrouded in mist. The main party reached the village of Manangbhot and explored slightly further before returning to Tukucha on the road via Muktinath. The expedition had been unable even to see Annapurna from the north, let alone discover a route to it. The map they had was so inaccurate that it was useless.
With the start of the monsoon predicted for the first week in June, back in Tukusha on 14 May they held a meeting to discuss which mountain to attempt and along which particular route. Terray wrote: "In full awareness of his terrible responsibility Maurice chose the more reasonable but uncertain course: we would attempt Annapurna." The route would be the one reconnoitered by Schatz and Couzy's team.
Approach to Annapurna and summit.
Finding a location for base camp.
Most of the party set out for the Miristi Kola as an advance reconnaissance group leaving most of the porters to bring the rest of stores and equipment later. They took with them the medical supplies deemed necessary by Oudot including Maxiton (the equivalent amphetamine preparation in Britain was Benzedrine). In three separate groups they crossed the Nilgiri range, traversed east above the Miristi Kola, and descended the gorge. Crossing the river they set up a base camp at the foot of a glacier below Annapurna's northwest spur. Two teams moved up the spur, a feat of considerable technical climbing, but even after repeated attempts over five days they were unable to get higher than about .
Meantime Lachenal and Rébuffat on their own initiative had moved round the foot of the spur to below Annapurna's north face, to a point they decided gave the best prospects for success. They sent a note back to the main party saying there was a likely route up the side of the north face glacier leading to the plateau above. However, they could see no higher. Fortunately Terray and Herzog had been able to see the plateau from their high point on the northwest spur and could tell the route across the plateau to the top was not technically difficult. Compared with the northwest spur, the north face of Annapurna is at a relatively low angle and does not require rock climbing skills, but the risk of avalanches makes it extremely dangerous. Annapurna may well be the most dangerous 8,000-metre peak – for 38 successful ascents there had been 57 deaths.
Intermediate camps.
The party moved their base camp to the furthest point that could be reached by porters in the direction of the newly identified starting point – to the right bank of the North Annapurna glacier at while Couzy was left to organise moving the supplies up. Camp I was set up on the glacier at with a relatively gentle slope up to the mountain but with a considerable risk of avalanches. From here on the first sunny afternoon in weeks they could survey the mountain easily. Herzog decided that the expedition's support should now move from Tukucha and so sent Sarki back with the order. Camp II was in the middle of a plateau above the north Annapurna glacier, fairly well sheltered from avalanches. Each morning brought or more of snow – making for slow progress – but after crossing an avalanche corridor they were able to establish Camp III among some seracs on the far side of the glacier and by 28 May they had established Camp IV below a curving cliff of ice that they called the "Sickle". Terray was amazed by the energy he and the team showed, considering how long they had been at high altitude and how little they had eaten. He wondered if this was due to the drugs Oudot had insisted on them taking regularly. On 25 May the porters arrived at Base Camp with supplies and equipment to support what would turn out to be a very fast, alpine-style assault on the mountain.
Herzog's plan had been that he and Terray should rest before attempting the summit but the other four climbers became too exhausted to do their part of a carry to Camp IV so Terray (disobeying the orders he had received to go down from Camp III to Camp II) climbed with Rébuffat and a team of sherpas to carry up these loads. This unselfish act by Terray led to Herzog (who had acclimatised the best) and Lachenal, accompanied by Ang Tharkay and Sarki, being the ones who set out from Camp II on 31 May for an attempt on the summit. Next day Herzog's team moved Camp IV to a better site at the top of the Sickle cliff (Camp IVA) and then on 2 June they climbed a gully through the Sickle to establish Camp V, their assault camp, on the snow fields above. With the monsoon now forecast for 5 June, time was extremely tight. Herzog offered Ang Tharkay and Sarki the opportunity to accompany them to the summit but they turned down what would have been a great honour. The two sherpas headed back to Camp IVA.
Reaching the summit.
Not understanding that being at high altitude without additional oxygen induces apathy, in a severe gale the climbers spent the night without eating anything or sleeping, and in the morning they did not bother lighting their stove to make hot drinks. At 06:00 it was no longer snowing and they ascended farther. Finding that their boots were proving to be inadequately insulated, Lachenal, fearing losing his feet to frostbite, contemplated going down. He asked Herzog what he would do if he did turn back and Herzog replied that he would go on up alone. Lachenal decided to continue on with Herzog. A last couloir led them to the summit which they reached at 14:00 on 3 June 1950. Herzog estimated the height as – his altimeter read .
They had climbed the highest summit ever reached, the first eight-thousander, on their first attempt on a mountain that had never before been explored. Herzog, writing in his characteristically idealistic way, was ecstatic: "Never have I felt happiness like this, so intense and pure." On the other hand, Lachenal only felt "a painful sense of emptiness".
Lachenal was anxious to go down as soon as possible but he obliged Herzog by photographing his leader holding the Tricolour on the summit and then a pennant from , his sponsoring employer. After about an hour on the summit, not waiting for Herzog in his euphoric state to load another roll of film, Lachenal set off back down at a furious pace. Herzog, swallowing the last of his food – from a nearly empty tube of condensed milk – threw the tube down on the summit as that was the only memorial he could leave and he trailed behind Lachenal into a gathering storm.
Descent to Base Camp.
At some stage Herzog took his gloves off and laid them down to open his pack. Catastrophically they slid away down the mountain so he had to continue bare-handed, not thinking to use the spare socks he had with him. At Camp V he was met by Terray and Rébuffat who had brought up a second tent hoping to make their own summit attempt the next day and who were horrified at the state of Herzog's frostbitten hands. Lachenal was missing but Herzog, unable to think clearly, said he would be arriving soon. Later they heard Lachenal calling for help – he had taken a long fall to below the camp, had lost his ice axe and a crampon, and his feet were seriously frostbitten. Terray scrambled down to him and he pleaded to be taken down to Camp II and medical help. At last Terray persuaded him to go back up to Camp V, the only responsible decision. Terray plied everyone with hot drinks through the night and whipped Lachenal's toes with the end of a rope for hours to try and restore the blood circulation – in the other tent Rébuffat did likewise for Herzog's fingers and toes.
Next morning Lachenal's feet would not fit into his boots so Terray gave him his larger ones and then slit the uppers of Lachenal's so he could wear them himself. Descending with the storm still raging they could not find Camp IVA anywhere and they were desperate to avoid a bivouac out in the open. While they were frantically trying to dig a snow hole Lachenal fell through some snow covering a crevasse. Fortunately, he landed in a snow cave that could provide some slight shelter for them all in the night though they had no food or water and only one sleeping bag.
In the night snow poured in on them burying their boots and cameras. Next morning they took a long time to find their boots but their cameras, with the only photographs taken at the summit, could not be found. They climbed out of the crevasse but by now Terray and Rébuffat were snowblind so the pair crippled with frostbite led the blind pair slowly down until by extreme good fortune they were met by Schatz who guided them back down to Camp IVA.
Couzy was at the camp so he and Schatz were able to assist Herzog, Rébuffat and Lachenal down the Sickle cliff to Camp IV where there were some sherpas sheltering. Meanwhile, Terray had chosen to stay at IVA trying to get the blood circulation back into his feet. Schatz climbed back up to help him descend, also taking the opportunity to recover the still camera from the crevasse shelter – the cine camera he could not find. As the six climbers descended below Camp IV the air temperature rose rapidly and a crack appeared in the snow right under Herzog's roped group. An avalanche swept them down about until their rope caught on a ridge. Herzog was left dangling upside down with his rope round his neck while his two sherpas were caught on their end of the rope. Descending further in agony Herzog was becoming reconciled to being close to death. Eventually they reached the comparative safety of Camp II. Herzog now felt he had succeeded as leader – even if he now died his companions would be safe and the mountain had been conquered.
At Camp II Oudot, the physician, injected Herzog and Lachenal to help improve their blood flow. The injections in the arteries of legs and arms were excruciatingly painful and they needed to be repeated for many days afterwards. On 7 June everyone started descending again with Herzog, Lachenal and Rébuffat lying on sledges. Needing to hurry before the monsoon made the Miristi Kola impassable through flooding, they reached Camp I as the sky clouded over and heavy rains started. From here, on 8 June, they wrote a telegram, announcing that Annapurna had been climbed, to be taken by a runner for sending to Devies in Paris. The route to Base Camp was over terrain unsuitable for sledges so Herzog and Lachenal were carried on the backs of sherpas. Once at base, and just at the right time, a large team of porters arrived to transport the whole expedition back to Lete on the Gandaki River.
Leaving the mountain.
Specially for the expedition, All India Radio broadcast a report that the monsoon would be reaching them the next day, 10 June. The heavy rain would become torrential and the rivers would rise. A team led by Schatz built a makeshift bridge over the Miristi Kola and everyone hurried towards the bridge along paths that required Lachenal to be carried in a human "cacolet" and Herzog in a wicker basket. They became stranded in the open when it became too dark to carry the casualties safely. Next morning they reached a camp by the bridge but the river had risen to only below the span so they needed to undertake the difficult crossing immediately. Everyone got across and camped for the night – by morning the bridge had been swept away. They had hoped to follow the river down to where it joined the Kali Gandaki but a reconnaissance showed this would be impossible and so they were forced to climb the Nilgiri ridge to return the way they had come. Now down in the jungle, Herzog developed a fever and reached a very low ebb: "... I implored death to come and deliver me. I had lost the will to live, and I was giving in – the ultimate humiliation ...", he wrote afterwards in his book "Annapurna". The casualties could now be carried in wicker chairs made to a design of Terray and they eventually reached the Gandaki.
Stretchers could be used on the track heading south beside the Gandaki but at Beni they took a detour because there was cholera in the area ahead.
Oudot was having to start trimming dead flesh from Herzog's fingers using a rugine but by July he was needing to amputate as well as to continue trimming. Eventually he had to remove all of Lachenal's toes and, for Herzog, his fingers and toes. Because it was the rice planting season porters were abandoning the expedition all the time and it became impossible to find new recruits so they felt forced to adopt press gang tactics to be able to keep going. At last, on 6 July, they reached Nautanwa where they boarded a train that took them to Raxaul at the Indian border. On 6 July the climbers went on to Delhi to wait there while Herzog and a select group including two sherpas travelled to Kathmandu to be received on 11 July by the Maharajah of Nepal who greeted them as national heroes. There were a few cars in Kathmandu even though no roads led there – the vehicles had been carried in manually by hundreds of porters along the mountain trails.
Reception in France.
The telegram giving news of the success was reported by "Le Figaro" on 16 June but it was only on 17 July that the team arrived home at Orly Airport in Paris to be greeted by a wildly cheering crowd. Herzog was carried off the aircraft first. "Paris Match" printed a special edition for 19 August with articles about the expedition and the cover photo, taken by Lachenal but credited to Ichac, showing Herzog with his ice axe and Tricolour at the summit "(see image at head of article)". The magazine sold in record numbers and the photo remained an iconic image for years to come. Herzog, Lachenal and Ang Tharkay were awarded the "Légion d'honneur". On 17 February 1951 "Paris Match" again ran the expedition on its front cover, this time focusing on the cinema premiere (attended by the President of France) of the film made by Ichac. The cover described Herzog as "our number one national hero" – in the accompanying six-page article Lachenal was not mentioned at all.
Herzog was kept at the American hospital at Neuilly-sur-Seine for the best part of a year where he dictated his book "Annapurna, premier 8000" which sold over 11 million copies worldwide to become the best selling mountaineering book in history. He became the first international mountaineering celebrity after George Mallory and went on to be a successful politician. Fifty years later in France he was still as famous as Jacques Cousteau or Jean-Claude Killy whereas few remembered Lachenal or any of the others.
In June 2000, the French national postal services issued a 3 franc stamp (0.46 euro) celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of the climb, designed by Jean-Paul Cousin and engraved by André Lavergne.
"Annapurna" and other expedition books.
Books written by (and for) the members of the team.
Over the following years several members of the expedition wrote about their experiences[bibliography] and the varied accounts eventually led to controversy. At the airport, before setting off on the expedition, Herzog had required each member of the team to sign an undertaking not to publish or publicly communicate anything about the expedition for five years so initially Herzog's was the only version of events to be known. However, in 1996 two very different accounts were published and "a storm of controversy seized France". Herzog responded in 1998. After speaking to many of the people involved who were still alive, in 2000 David Roberts, the American mountaineer and writer, published "True Summit", discussing the whole issue.
Herzog (1951): "Annapurna, premier 8000" and "Regards vers l'Annapurna".
For some years Herzog's "Annapurna" was the only account and it became a worldwide best-seller with over 11 million sales, a record for a mountaineering book. All the royalties from the publication (in France it remained the best-selling work of non-fiction for nearly a year) went to the Himalayan Committee and were used to fund future expeditions – in a direct sense Herzog did not benefit financially at all. The description of the expedition above in this article has generally been drawn from Herzog's book complemented by the "Annapurna" chapter from Terray's "Conquistadors of the Useless".
James Ramsey Ullman wrote in the "New York Herald Tribune" that "Annapurna" was "a gallant and moving story, in some ways a terrible story" predicting it would become a mountaineering classic. "Time" wrote that the first half was like "a boy camper's letter to a chum" but what followed was a "harrowing ordeal-by-nature calculated to shiver the spirit of the toughest armchair explorer." Herzog and Ichac published a photographic book in 1951 "Regards vers l'Annapurna" and in 1981 Herzog published a historical work "Les grandes aventures de l'Himalaya" which had a section on Annapurna.
In the preface to the 1951 book Devies concentrates almost exclusively on the leader of the team: "The victory of the whole party was also, and above all, the victory of its leader". Herzog told of a happy team, all pulling together although at times Lachenal could be impetuous. Rarely did he mention any disagreement between team members and he, as leader, could resolve any spats quite easily. He very often quoted as direct speech the jaunty sort of remarks members of the team might have made, even on occasions when he was not present to have heard them.
Lachenal (1956): "Carnets du vertige".
Lachenal had kept notes and a diary and he was about to publish a book, ", when he was killed in a skiing accident in 1955. Herzog took over Lachenal's work and he and marked in many editorial suggestions for deletions before passing it to Herzog's brother, , for full editing. As published, the book comprised chapters about Lachenal's life written by Gérard Herzog from Lachenal's notes and material written by a journalist Philippe Cornuau who had been helping Lachenal with his draft – Cornuau said that when he had handed over the typescripts he had no idea of what was going to happen. None of what Lachenal or Cornuau had written appeared in the eventual publication. The book also included extracts from Lachenal's diary but only after many redactions – it was mostly the more congenial remarks that remained.
Lachenal had also left a typescript of some "Commentaires", intended to be published along with his diary. Herzog is commended as being as good as the professional guides for his stamina and technique, but, less agreeably for Herzog and Devies, he characterised the descent from the summit as a "débandade"" (disorderly retreat) beside which on the typescript Devies jotted down "But no" and Maurice Herzog "Is this the place to say so?". When Lachenal had wanted to turn back before the summit Herzog thought it was his encouragement that had enabled Lachenal to continue. However Lachenal wrote that he agreed to go on because he thought that Herzog would not succeed in getting back down again alone. Herzog wrote in the margin of the typescript: "I didn't sense this. Perhaps after all I was unfair." On the other hand, Devies noted: "This must all be rewritten". In the event Gérard Herzog did not include any of the "Commentaires". The book was published in 1956 and Cornuau was shocked by what he read.
Terray (1961): "Les conquérants de l'inutile".
Terray's 1961 book, "Les conquérants de l'inutile" (published in English as "The Conquistadors of the Useless") included a long chapter about the Annapurna expedition. It was deliberately written to complement Herzog's book. He provided a great deal of additional information but finishing with the avalanche on the way down to Camp II. Generally the book did not disagree with Herzog but did commend Lachenal's climbing ability: he said "Lachenal was by far the fastest and most brilliant climber I have ever known on delicate or loose terrain" but he could however lack patience and stamina.
Ballu (1996): "Gaston Rébuffat: une vie pour la montagne".
In association with Rébuffat's wife Françoise the journalist wrote the first biography of the mountaineer. Rébuffat had become very disillusioned by the expedition and afterwards he restricted his climbing to the Alps. Françoise had persuaded him not to write about Annapurna during his lifetime because it would come across as too bitter so Ballu had interviewed him with a view to an eventual biography. Rébuffat had also prepared his own notes, and Françoise
had kept his many letters to her during the expedition. "Gaston Rébuffat: une vie pour la montagne" was published in 1996.
The book contained many revelations. Rébuffat had been shocked by the requirement for an oath of obedience and he described it as "a certain Nazification". He considered it had been his initiative that led to the discovery of the eventual climbing route to the summit and that Herzog had not given him the credit for this. When in 1951 Lachenal had told Rébuffat that when he had been considering publishing an account of the expedition, someone from the official Himalayan Committee had threatened him that he might lose his job at the .
Lachenal (1996): "Carnets du vertige".
The same year Michel Guérin of , the mountaineering publisher, published an unexpurgated version of Lachenal's diary, also including the "Commentaires", under the same title "Carnets du vertige". The original manuscript had been left to Lachenal's son Jean-Claude, who had become angry with the changes the editors had made in 1956. However, Herzog had befriended the Lachenal family and Jean-Claude had not wanted to cause any hurt. Eventually Guérin persuaded him to allow full publication.
There was a favourable book review in the Alpine Journal that provided an assessment of the situation. It was because he was a professional mountain guide that Lachenal had continued with Herzog to the summit. By doing so, through frostbite, he lost the ability to continue his career – and allowed Herzog to triumph in his.
In his diaries Lachenal admitted that a sherpa had fallen to his death from the Nilgiri ridge on their return march but no one else had mentioned this. No one else wrote of the daily use of morphine as a pain-killer while the casualties were being carried out and that Rébuffat was the only person who was attentive to Lachenal. Back in 1956 the text Gérard Herzog had excluded was about matters he considered too unpleasant for publication such as the climbers being offered young girls for sex and, when this was refused, being offered young boys instead. Minor comments had also been edited: "Evening, the eternal chicken and potatoes" had been removed while "We opened a bottle of white wine" had been kept.
Herzog (1998): "L'autre Annapurna".
The publication of these books in 1996 had caused serious controversy: mountaineering journalists started expressing doubts about the reliability of Herzog's book. Herzog's rejoinder was to publish a memoir "L'autre Annapurna" in 1998 when he was eighty years old.
"Le Figaro" described it as a meditation rather than a biography, "a witty and modest account".
"Libération" deplored its name-dropping and Pierre Mazeaud in "" said "I succeeded in getting to page 16. But when I saw that he had not a single word for poor Lachenal, I couldn't get any further."
Herzog wrote that originally he had not intended to write a book but a hospital nurse had suggested writing would be good therapy for him. He said that even after nearly 50 years his Annapurna experience still imbued his reborn life with "indescribable happiness".
He said that one member of the party was only accepted by the appointments committee on the understanding that Herzog could send him away at any time. However, like everyone in the team, this unnamed person had behaved as a "true comrade ... despite what was apparently divulged much later". Roberts has claimed that almost all expert observers agreed that it was Lachenal being referred to. Whereas in 1951 he had written that Lachenal, after his serious fall at Camp V, wanted Terray to take him down to Camp II, in "L'autre Annapurna" he said Lachenal just wanted to stay where he was and die.
Interviewed by Roberts in 1999, Herzog told him the controversy had not bothered him. No one had doubted what he had written. He had shown the manuscript of "Annapurna" to everyone who had been on the expedition and they were impressed – even Lachenal. Contradicting his 1951 account, he said his frostbite had not been caused by losing his gloves because he had simply put his hands in his pockets. Instead, the cause was digging in the snow in their overnight crevasse trying to find the buried boots. Indeed, in "L'autre Annapurna" he did not mention losing his gloves at all. Explaining various differences between his two accounts Herzog said "Annapurna" was a novel, but a true novel. He considered his first book to be objective and the other was subjective.
Reactions in the press.
The combination of Rébuffat's disillusioned story and the obvious censorship of Lachenal's writing caused a storm of revisionism in the French press. Frédéric Potet wrote: "The whole world remembers Maurice Herzog, the first biped to have trod, in 1950, atop a mountain of more than 8,000 metres. The others – Rébuffat, Terray, Lachenal? Who were they? Where did they come from? What did they do?" Major newspapers in France and mountaineering magazines worldwide joined the criticism. In the American Alpine Journal: "I am sorry we have had to wait so long for the true story. All around us we can see the damage done by false information."
"La Montagne et Alpinisme", however, considered there was too much fuss: five-year embargoes were normal in 1950 and the distinction between professional guides and amateur climbers had lost any significance by that time.
"Montagnes" magazine investigated and reported that Terray had not received the "Légion d'honneur" because Devies and Herzog had been opposed to it. They also found that, despite rumours that several mountaineers had been seriously injured, their wives waiting anxiously at home were told nothing by Devies because of the exclusive publication contract with "Le Figaro" and "Paris Match". "Le Monde" discovered that before leaving for France Ichac had searched Rébuffat bodily to check he was not smuggling back any film. Ichac had not gone above Camp II so Rébuffat had taken all the higher photographs except those at the summit taken by Lachenal and one by Herzog. Despite this, all published photographs were credited to Ichac. It later emerged that Rébuffat succeeded in covertly bringing back the film used by Lachenal and he developed it before returning all the photographs but one to Ichac. The one he kept back, which he kept for the rest of his life, had been too embarrassing for Lachenal to bear becoming public – the one of Herzog waving the tyre company Kléber's pennant on the summit.
Interviewed by "Le Monde", Herzog said "What I wrote in "Annapurna" is the exact truth. ... My writings have never been contradicted." To "Montagnes" he said the passages had been removed from Lachenal's book because they did not interest the editors.
The 1998 publication of Herzog's "L'autre Annapurna" again stirred up the press. In an interview Herzog now said Lachenal was an excessive personality and he and Devies had removed passages from Lachenal's draft to avoid charges of defamation and to keep things calm. He said Herzog's brother had helped Lachenal because he was incapable of writing, that Lachenal was very happy with the rewrite and that Lachenal's son had made up the story about the draft being distorted. The sherpa Foutharkay was drawn into the arguments, saying that Sir Edmund Hillary was a hero in Nepal but Herzog not so.
Roberts' book about the controversy has itself also been criticised. In reviewing "True Summit" the American Alpine Journal said "David Roberts has none of the Himalayan expedition experience necessary to put the events in context."
Did they really reach the summit?
Even as far back as 1950 a small number of people doubted the expedition had reached the summit. One of the problems was the famous "summit photo" "(see image at head of article)" that seems to show the ground sloping up higher than Herzog's feet. Also, after Lachenal's death it was claimed he used to say he had no memory of the summit, or another version was that he had once said had not got there at all. Even fifty years later there were doubts from a small minority. Herzog had written there was a fierce wind at the summit but in the photo he seems to be having to hold the flag out straight. The only summit photograph taken by Herzog, one of Lachenal, he kept hidden until after Lachenal's death. This blurred image shows him sitting leaning against a rock not looking at all victorious.
On the other hand, Terray wrote that, although Lachenal could not remember anything of the descent, he had told Terray of his feelings at the summit: "Those moments when one had expected a fugitive and piercing happiness had in fact brought only a painful sense of emptiness." Rébuffat's wife said her husband had never doubted they had got there. His journal recorded that, when they met up at Camp V, Herzog suggested Rébuffat and Terray go up to the summit while Herzog and Lachenal continued down. They would have noticed if their footprints had not extended all the way to the top.
Also, Lachenal's diary says he took the summit photographs from a ledge slightly below the summit. When Herzog was interviewed by "Le Monde" he said that what appeared in the photographs like an arête of snow receding away upwards was actually very close and only reached to his waist. It was a cornice at the crest of the summit, too weak to be trodden on. In 1970 Henry Day took part in an expedition ascending using much the same route and they were able to take photographs with very similar perspectives. Lachenal had the reputation of being an honest man, even bluntly honest. This, and the likelihood that he had little personal reason to fake his private diary, leaves little doubt about its accuracy – it is very widely accepted that they did indeed reach the top of Annapurna. In his book "Annapurna: 50 Years of Expeditions in the Death Zone" (2000) Reinhold Messner regarded it as "an indisputable fact".
Other accounts.
First-hand accounts of the expedition.
In chronological order of first (French) publication.

</doc>
<doc id="56870783" url="?curid=56870783" title="Musée national Fernand Léger">
Musée national Fernand Léger


</doc>
<doc id="56870789" url="?curid=56870789" title="Vroom (song)">
Vroom (song)

"Vroom" is a song by British rapper Yxng Bane. It was released as a single through Disturbing London on 16 March 2018, peaking at number 27 on the UK chart. A remix, featuring Jamaican reggae and dancehall singer Beenie Man, was released on 25 May 2018.
The song was written by Desmond Child, Tarik Collins, Moses Davies, Emmanuel Ezeonyebuchi, Jeremy Harding, Sean Henriques, Guystone Menga, Glenard Patnelli, Troy Rami, Robi Rosa and Gabriel Wood, and produced by Team Salut.

</doc>
<doc id="56870795" url="?curid=56870795" title="Musée National Fernand Léger">
Musée National Fernand Léger


</doc>
<doc id="56870799" url="?curid=56870799" title="Musée National Fernand-Léger">
Musée National Fernand-Léger


</doc>
<doc id="56870801" url="?curid=56870801" title="Musée national Fernand-Léger">
Musée national Fernand-Léger


</doc>
<doc id="56870802" url="?curid=56870802" title="The Moffs (band)">
The Moffs (band)

The Moffs were a psychedelic rock band formed in Sydney in 1984. They are perhaps best known for their 1985 song "Another Day in the Sun", that attracted local and international underground attention. Led by Tom Kazas, they incorporated many styles during their five-year career: psychedelic rock, progressive rock, blues rock, early post rock, atmospheric rock, 1960s and 1980s pop, free improvisation, impressionistic lyrics, Greek folk music styles, experimental composition and repetitive minimalist structures. The band's name was invented by misspelling the word 'moths'.
The early years 1980–1983.
The band was formed by high school friends Tom Kazas and David 'Smiley' Byrnes, who lived in the beachside suburb of Maroubra, Sydney, Australia. Absorbing early influence from Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, the pair soon enough embraced the punk-new wave zeitgeist of the late 1970s and early 1980s, with bands like The Jam and The Cure. In 1980, Tom had formed a high school band called Antiscan, that played covers from these bands and some of his early original songs. During 1982–3, Tom and David were part of the 1960s inspired Mod scene of the inner-city of Sydney, that embraced the sound of the 1960s British Blues Invasion with bands like The Yardbirds. However, the pair also took to Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles, and early Pink Floyd.
It was in the mod scene that Tom and David met harmonica-playing Nick Potts, whose large record collection included rare 1960s psychedelic music that became influential in shaping the future sound of the band. Together with Nick and drummer Andrew Watson, the group played the formative gig in 1984 at The Freakout in the share-house in Darlinghurst Sydney, where future Moffs art director Ben Evison lived. This psychedelic-happening house-party gig was where the band met Alan Hislop, of the garage-psyche band The Suicidal Flowers, who was soon invited to join the band.
Formation and success 1984–1986.
Former road manager of The Scientists, Greg 'Quick' Smyrell saw the band at a 1984 gig and took on the role of manager. Quick enlisted The Scientist's record producer Chris Logan to oversee the band's first recording, that became their 'demo tape'. This cassette tape was successful in not only securing more inner-city gigs for the band, but became sought after by the now increasing audience. In late 1984, Quick handed the demo tape to John Needham of Citadel Records (bands on the label included Died Pretty, Lime Spiders, Screaming Tribesmen, The Stems), who signed the band to the label.
"Another Day in the Sun", with its flip side "Clarodomineaux", was recorded in February 1985 at Paradise Studios Sydney and released in April. The single became a major independent success. It reached no.1 on the Australian Independent Charts and stayed in the top 20 for over four months. Australian music magazine Rock Australia Magazine (RAM) at the time wrote, "The Moffs have strung together every solemn rock'n'roll cliché and somehow succeeded in creating the most perfect yearning melancholy spine-tingler since White Rabbit." The song was also embraced by the underground music scenes in the UK and Europe, with Jon Storey of influential UK fanzine Bucketfull of Brains calling it single of the year; "this is the best of the flawless series of Citadel singles, and believe me, the competition is fierce". Tom recalls that the writing of the song "Another Day in the Sun" was influenced more by early Brian Eno than by 1960s psychedelia. The band began what was to become their consistent touring of Sydney and Melbourne where audiences continued to grow, and where the vibrant community radio scene of Melbourne (3RRR, 3CR, 3PBS) embraced and supported the band.
Having moved away from the early bluesy sound, the band started to experiment with longer developmental forms and wide dynamics. The live shows took on a reputation for intensity and atmosphere. Due to emerging stylistic differences, Nick departed the band. He was replaced on organ by Mick Duncan, who was the guitarist for local band No Mans Land. A highlight for the band at the end of 1985 was playing the support spot for John Cale (Velvet Underground) in Sydney and Brisbane. In December 1985 the band entered the studio again with producer Chris Logan to record the Mini-Album. This album had some of the band's best known songs of Tom's, e.g. "Look to Find" and "I Once Knew", but also a lengthy improvisation taking on a more progressive feel, with King Crimson becoming a big influence. This inspired Tom to buy one of the few mellotrons that existed in Australia. The self-titled Mini Album reached no. 1 on the independent charts, despite the mixed reviews. By the end of 1985 both Alan Hislop and Mick Duncan had left the band.
The Moffs received new energy when Smiley's younger brother, Andrew Byrnes, who had quickly become quite accomplished on the drums, joined the band in 1986. The new dynamism in the rhythm section of the two brothers, both pushing the expressiveness of their instruments, was to become a feature of all future live performances. Organist Damon Giles, from Sydney band Stupidity, completed the quartet who recorded the next single "Flowers/By The Breeze". This single also reached no.1 on the independent charts. The band continued to gig in Sydney and Melbourne, while also touring Adelaide, Brisbane and some regional New South Wales venues. In mid 1986, Damon left the band and was replaced by Brandon Saul, who would later become a promoter of the Falls Music Festival. Brandon departed at the end of 1986 and the band was close to calling it a day.
Final phase 1987–1989.
A critical boost was received when Scott Barnes joined the band in early 1987. The band recorded "The Traveller/Quakers Drum", with a new producer and revitalised outlook. The single reached no.1 on the Australian Independent Charts. The band continued to play in Sydney and Melbourne, and performed what was regarded as a legendary gig of dynamics and atmospherics, in the Great Hall at Montsalvat, Melbourne.
The band enlisted producer Tony Espie at Studios 301 to record their official debut full-length debut album "Labyrinth". Released in June 1988, "Labyrinth" was emblematic of the Moffs sound that incorporated episodic songs and arrangements, dynamic rock performances and minimalist repetitive motifs. Many praised the album, with RAM saying; "Along with The Church and Not Drowning Waving, the Moffs have proved with "Labyrinth" to be the most sophisticated atmosphere conjurors in the country. And if this isn't enough recommendation, all four players are so proficient that live, their complex arrangements and full scope of dynamics fuse with liberal sprinklings of improvisation to create what can only be described as magic." The album reached no.3 in the Australian independent charts. Normal Records in Germany gave the album a European release and international attention on the band was again high. However, in spite of the renewed attention and success, a lack of funds and management meant the Moffs were unable to travel to Europe and the UK to promote themselves.
The band continued to headline shows in 1989, while also supporting leading Australian bands such as The Triffids, Died Pretty and Not Drowning Waving. However, the strains of being a staunchly independent band, temperamentally and stylistically non-mainstream, again began to take their toll on the group. Tom had released a solo album of ambient music in 1989, and further aesthetic and personal differences were atomizing the band. The Moffs performed two final shows, one at the Paddington RSL in Sydney and a sellout at the Old Greek Theatre in Melbourne. By the end of 1989 the band had ceased.
Reformations and beyond.
The compilation album "Psychadelicatessen" was released in 1994 and the band reformed for shows in Sydney and Melbourne. In 2004, "Another Day in the Sun" was included in "Tales of the Australian Underground, Singles 1976–1989, Vol. 1 ", a compilation by Tim Pittman of record label Feel Presents. This album included the cream of the internationally regarded independent Australian rock music scene. In 2008 Tim produced and released the comprehensive double CD, "the Moffs the Collection", that contained all the recorded material of the Moffs, and a multi-page booklet with a detailed history of the band with rare photos. To support this release, the last line-up of the Moffs reunited again and performed shows in Sydney and Melbourne. "Another Day in the Sun" was included in the 2010 Australian TV series, "Spirited". In 2011 the original line-up reunited and performed music of the band's early years for gigs in Sydney and Melbourne. In 2015 "Jagwar Ma" released a dub inspired cover of "Another Day in the Sun". In 2016 the Moffs were mentioned in the book "Australian Rock and Pop music 1960–85" by David Nicholls. In 2018, Tom Kazas produced the compilation albums "The Young Person's Guide" and "Trails" to bring the band's music to the digital platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="56870806" url="?curid=56870806" title="Bohemian Forest National Park">
Bohemian Forest National Park


</doc>
<doc id="56870810" url="?curid=56870810" title="Sheila Minor">
Sheila Minor

Sheila Diane Minor (born ), formerly Sheila Minor (now Sheila Minor Huff), is a former Environmental Protection Specialist whose 35-year career included positions at the U.S. Department of the Interior, Federal Energy Regulator Commission, Smithsonian Institution, Environmental Research Center, and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USDOI).
Life and career.
Mrs. Sheila Jones (also Sheila Diane Minor) earned her bachelor's degree in biological sciences from American University in Washington, DC in 1970 and worked for Dr. Clyde Jones, chief of the mammal division, at the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. When Sheila applied for her first job as a GS-5 with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the bureau insisted she had to be a secretary. Knowing the worth of her knowledge, Sheila didn't take that position.
SHEILA MINOR HUFF (Retired GS-14/Step 10; Environmental Protection Specialist)
Education:
1970  B.S. Biology; minor in Chemistry; AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
1979  M.S. Biology; GEORGE MASON UNIVERSITY
1979  CERTIFIED Wildlife Biologist; The Wildlife Society
Ms. Huff is a native Washingtonian, and a product of the DC Public School System.  She began her thirty-five year federal career as a part time GS- 3 Clerk Typist, while attending undergraduate school at AU.  In 1970, she worked for the US Fish &amp; Wildlife Service’s Mammal Division, located at the Museum of Natural History in Washington, DC.  As a GS-5 Biological Animal Technician, Sheila recorded taxonomic data on North American bats for renown scientists. There, she learned and practiced scientific taxidermy on specimens.
In 1972, Sheila was hired by the Smithsonian Institution’s Environmental Research Center as a GS-7/9 Research Technician in Edgewater, MD.  She was the first African American at the Center.  Under the tutelage of Ph.D.’s, Huff conducted (catch and release) studies on small-mammal populations, located on The Poplar Islands, and other property owned by The Smithsonian. Ms. Minor served on the Smithsonian Women's Council. In 1973, Huff began her graduate studies in Biology (as a part-time student at George Mason University) while employed full-time at the Research Center in Edgewater, MD.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission hired Huff as a GS-9/11 Wildlife Biologist, where she wrote Environmental Impact Statements and Assessments on hydroelectric power plants, under the jurisdiction of FERC  (1975-1977).
From 1977-1980, Huff worked as a Schedule C; GS-11 to GS-14; Special Assistant to the Assistant Secretary for Fish, Wildlife and Parks; US Department of The Interior. She traveled throughout the USA assisting The Carter Administration and The Assistant Secretary with implementation of major environmental programs. She completed her master’s degree in 1979; and earned certification as a Wildlife Biologist.
As a GS-14, Sheila returned to Career Service, and was employed as the Department of the Interior’s Regional Environmental Officer in Chicago, IL.  She had responsibility for seven midwestern states from 1980-1994. Ms. Huff had signatory authority for Interior’s formal comments on Draft Environmental Impact Statements.  She was also a member on Interagency Regional Response Teams which coordinated Interior’s response to oil and hazardous materials incidents, occurring in the Midwest Region.
In 1994, her position with the Office of Environmental Policy &amp; Compliance transferred Ms. Huff back to the main Interior Building Washington, DC. Sheila continued work collating written comments on major Environmental Impact Statements.  Sheila Minor Huff retired in 2005, as a GS-14/10 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION SPECIALIST.
She had a 35-year-long career at various federal agencies where she was responsible for assessing environmental impact statements for many projects, ranging from hydroelectric dams to . At retirement in 2005, Minor was a senior employee in the Department of the Interior.
As of 2020, Huff lives in northern Virginia, where she is an active member of her church and belly dances for a hobby.
International Conference on the Biology of Whales.
Sheila Minor Huff's story became a matter of public interest in 2018, when a photograph of conference attendees appeared on Twitter. Sheila Minor Huff was the only woman in the conference's group photo, and the only person labelled as 'not identified'. Candace Jean Anderson, an artist and writer from Salt Lake City, Utah, came across the photograph whilst researching a picture book on the Marine Mammal Protection Act. She took to Twitter to find out who the unidentified woman was, and the tweet went viral. Eventually over 11,000 people answered her initial call for help, including the Smithsonian Institution's Deborah Shapiro. Anderson reached out to Huff on Facebook and the two spoke for a few hours. The photograph was taken at the 1971 International Conference on the Biology of Whales. The conference was attended by almost 40 international scientists and conservationists, and co-organised by Matilene Spencer Berryman and Suzanne Montgomery Contos, who were also uncovered in the Twitter conversation. The photograph was taken by G. Carleton Ray, who remembered Huff by name but had assumed she was an assistant administrator. The story of the "mystery whale scientist" was covered extensively in the media. Huff's story has drawn comparisons between her and the women in Margot Lee Shetterly's "Hidden Figures".
Personal life.
Sheila Minor Huff lives in northern Virginia and has five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="56870821" url="?curid=56870821" title="Attende, Domine">
Attende, Domine

Attende, Domine is a Christian liturgical chant for the season of Lent, referred to in English as the Lent Prose. The themes of this hymn are the sinfulness of man and the mercy of God, a theological concept emphasised during Lent. The text is Mozarabic in origin and dates to the 10th century, and is sung to a Mode V Gregorian melody.
Text.
Latin.
℟. "Attende, Domine, et miserere, quia peccavimus tibi."
English.
℟. "Hear us, O mighty Lord,show us your Mercy: Sinners we stand before you."
Adaptation by W.J. Birkbeck in "The English Hymnal"

</doc>
<doc id="56870832" url="?curid=56870832" title="Attende Domine">
Attende Domine


</doc>
<doc id="56870839" url="?curid=56870839" title="Ober Gerlachsheim">
Ober Gerlachsheim


</doc>
<doc id="56870846" url="?curid=56870846" title="Mittel-Steinkirch">
Mittel-Steinkirch


</doc>
<doc id="56870847" url="?curid=56870847" title="Marklissa">
Marklissa


</doc>
<doc id="56870853" url="?curid=56870853" title="Shawkat Hossain Hiron">
Shawkat Hossain Hiron

Shawkat Hossain Hiron () was a Bangladesh Awami League politician and member of parliament for Barisal-5.
Early life.
Hiron was born on 15 October 1956 in Patuakhali, East Pakistan, Pakistan.
Career.
Hiron joined the Jatiya Party (Ershad) in 1986. He joined Bangladesh Awami League 1997. He became the president of the Barisal City unit of the Bangladesh Awami League in 2012.
 He was elected Mayor of Barisal City 4 August 2008. He lost the reelection of Barisal Mayoral election on 15 June 2013. He was elected member of parliament from Barisal-5 on 5 January 2014 uncontested.
Personal life.
Hiron was married to Jebunnesa Afroz.
Death and legacy.
Hiron died on 9 April 2014 in Apollo Hospital Dhaka, Bangladesh. By elections were called in his constituency, Barisal-5, after his death. Bangladesh Awami League nominated his wife, Zebunnesa Afroz, to contest the Barisal-5 by elections. She won the by-election and was elected to parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="56870868" url="?curid=56870868" title="Corday (disambiguation)">
Corday (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870876" url="?curid=56870876" title="Louis Vittes">
Louis Vittes

Louis Vittes (1911–1969) was an American screenwriter who mostly wrote for television and low-budget films.

</doc>
<doc id="56870878" url="?curid=56870878" title="Weser-Aller Railway">
Weser-Aller Railway


</doc>
<doc id="56870882" url="?curid=56870882" title="Shalimar Sharbatly">
Shalimar Sharbatly

Shalimar Sharbatly (born in 1971) is a Saudi Arabian abstract painter. She was the first woman to be commissioned by the government to do street artwork. Her hand-painted, abstract designed Porsche 911 was featured at the Louvre.
Biography.
Sharbatly grew up in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the daughter of Saudi businessman Hassan Abbas Sharbatly. She started painting at the age of three. Her first art exhibit was in 1988 in Cairo when she was 16. Several celebrities attended including Egyptian painter Salah Taher and poet Farouk Juwaidah.
Sharbatly attended the Faculty of Fine Arts in Cairo, Egypt. Later, she earned her bachelor's degree in psychology at King Abdulaziz University and her master's degree in criminology at the Beirut Arab University in Lebanon.
In 2011, Sharbatly married Egyptian film director and comedian, Khaled Youssef.
Works.
In 2009, Sharbatly cooperated in a joint exhibit along with Egyptian contemporary artist Omar Al-Najdi and Spanish painter Juan Ramirez; events were held in Jeddah, Cairo, Madrid, and Paris.
She was commissioned by the Saudi Arabian government to paint murals for the city of Jeddah. This made her the first female to be hired by the government to do artwork. The murals were done in the Corniche and in front of the Jeddah guest palace.
Two of Sharbatly's best known works are a custom-designed, hand-painted Porsche 911, and a Formula One racing vehicle she painted known as "La Torq". The Porsche was showcased at the Paris Motor Show, where it was viewed by over a million attendees. "La Torq" was shown alongside the 2017 Grand Prix de Monaco. In 2017, it was displayed in the lobby of Hotel Negresco in Nice, France. Both vehicles were exhibited at the Louvre museum in Paris, in the "Moving Art" exhibit. As part of her collection, she also designed a Ferrari 360, a Mini Cooper, and a Yamaha Tricity.
One of her paintings is currently on display at Oxford University.
In 2021, she worked with Jeddah Municipality to hand-paint several disposable car vehicles and transform them into art pieces to be displayed on one of Jeddah's popular streets, Tahlia street. However, the finished work received negative feedback and great criticism from residents of the city. Some people described it as “visual pollution and distortion of Jeddah's image”. It ended up being removed by Jeddah Municipality after Makkah Region Governor Prince Khalid Al-Faisal ordered the removal.
Recognitions.
In 2000, Sharbatly was placed in the top 100 influencers of Jeddah art and culture. She participated in the 2010 Salon d'Automne in Paris, France; she won the competition, becoming the first Arab to do so.
In February 2016, Sharbatly was named Goodwill Ambassador for her role in volunteering and contributing to Saudi Arabian culture. In November 2016, Sharbatly was one of the presenters at the Association of Foreign Journalists Awards in London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="56870895" url="?curid=56870895" title="Spanden">
Spanden


</doc>
<doc id="56870898" url="?curid=56870898" title="Antoine Lacroix">
Antoine Lacroix


</doc>
<doc id="56870902" url="?curid=56870902" title="Emily Young (skier)">
Emily Young (skier)

Emily Young (born 15 January 1991), also known as Emily Weekes, is a Canadian female Paralympic cross-country skier and biathlete. She has competed formerly as a wrestler and triathlete for Canada in international and national competitions.
Early career.
Emily Weekes competed in 2009 Canada Summer Games and claimed a bronze medal in the wrestling event. She sustained a nerve damage from an injury in her right arm due to a wrestling training accident at the age of eighteen just after the conclusion of the 2009 Canada Summer Games. As a result of the accident, she had to withdraw from competing in wrestling and triathlon events. In fact, her Olympic dream as a wrestler spoilt due to the nerve damage.
Paralympic career.
She made her Paralympic debut for Canada at the 2018 Winter Paralympics and claimed her first Paralympic medal after clinching a bronze medal in the women's 7.5km classical standing cross-country skiing event.
She was also the member of the Canadian mixed relay team which secured a silver medal in the 4 x 2.5 km mixed relay event as a part of the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56870909" url="?curid=56870909" title="Emily Weekes">
Emily Weekes


</doc>
<doc id="56870913" url="?curid=56870913" title="Sauwald">
Sauwald

The Sauwald in Upper Austria is the largest part of the Bohemian Massif lying south of the Danube. Its plateau runs from Passau and Schärding on the Inn to Eferding.
Origin of the name: Passau Forest.
Folk etymologically the name is believed to have derived from the (formally native) wild boar, but the term is more probably an abbreviation of its old name, "Passauer Wald" ("Passau Forest"). The whole region was always closely linked to the Bishopric of Passau and the town of Passau.

</doc>
<doc id="56870914" url="?curid=56870914" title="Itoh Michio">
Itoh Michio


</doc>
<doc id="56870915" url="?curid=56870915" title="Itō Michio">
Itō Michio


</doc>
<doc id="56870917" url="?curid=56870917" title="Itou Michio">
Itou Michio


</doc>
<doc id="56870918" url="?curid=56870918" title="Michio Itou">
Michio Itou


</doc>
<doc id="56870919" url="?curid=56870919" title="Michio Itoh">
Michio Itoh


</doc>
<doc id="56870923" url="?curid=56870923" title="T137">
T137


</doc>
<doc id="56870929" url="?curid=56870929" title="Bilal Habeşi Masjid">
Bilal Habeşi Masjid


</doc>
<doc id="56870932" url="?curid=56870932" title="Heiichirō Itō">
Heiichirō Itō


</doc>
<doc id="56870933" url="?curid=56870933" title="Heiichirou Itou">
Heiichirou Itou


</doc>
<doc id="56870934" url="?curid=56870934" title="Heiichiroh Itoh">
Heiichiroh Itoh


</doc>
<doc id="56870935" url="?curid=56870935" title="Itō Heiichirō">
Itō Heiichirō


</doc>
<doc id="56870936" url="?curid=56870936" title="Itoh Heiichiroh">
Itoh Heiichiroh


</doc>
<doc id="56870937" url="?curid=56870937" title="Ito Heiichiro">
Ito Heiichiro


</doc>
<doc id="56870938" url="?curid=56870938" title="Itou Heiichirou">
Itou Heiichirou


</doc>
<doc id="56870939" url="?curid=56870939" title="Sex (Telex Album)">
Sex (Telex Album)


</doc>
<doc id="56870944" url="?curid=56870944" title="Toys were us">
Toys were us


</doc>
<doc id="56870947" url="?curid=56870947" title="Itoh Maiko">
Itoh Maiko


</doc>
<doc id="56870948" url="?curid=56870948" title="Itō Maiko">
Itō Maiko


</doc>
<doc id="56870949" url="?curid=56870949" title="Itou Maiko">
Itou Maiko


</doc>
<doc id="56870950" url="?curid=56870950" title="Maiko Itoh">
Maiko Itoh


</doc>
<doc id="56870951" url="?curid=56870951" title="Dodge WDX">
Dodge WDX


</doc>
<doc id="56870955" url="?curid=56870955" title="Ittōsai">
Ittōsai


</doc>
<doc id="56870961" url="?curid=56870961" title="Erebuni FC">
Erebuni FC


</doc>
<doc id="56870965" url="?curid=56870965" title="Heiichirō">
Heiichirō

Heiichirō, Heiichiro, Heiichirou or Heiichiroh (written: 平一郎) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56870970" url="?curid=56870970" title="Heiichiroh">
Heiichiroh


</doc>
<doc id="56870971" url="?curid=56870971" title="Heiichiro">
Heiichiro


</doc>
<doc id="56870972" url="?curid=56870972" title="Heiichirou">
Heiichirou


</doc>
<doc id="56870975" url="?curid=56870975" title="1683 in Taiwan">
1683 in Taiwan

Events from the year 1683 in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="56870980" url="?curid=56870980" title="Speak like a pirate">
Speak like a pirate


</doc>
<doc id="56870983" url="?curid=56870983" title="2017 IndieWire Critics Poll">
2017 IndieWire Critics Poll

The winners of the 2017 IndieWire Critics Poll were announced on December 19, 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56870986" url="?curid=56870986" title="Dennis P. Hupchick">
Dennis P. Hupchick

Dennis P. Hupchick is Professor of History, Emeritus at Wilkes University, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Hupchick was born on September 3, 1948, in Monongahela, Pennsylvania. He is a son of a steelworker and a homemaker of Slovak and Hungarian ancestry. Hupchick graduated history from the University of Pittsburgh. His doctoral dissertation's topic is "Bulgarians in the seventeenth century (1983)." He wrote it under the supervision of Prof. James Franklin Clarke Jr. (1906-1982). Clarke was the recognized doyen of Bulgarian historical writings in America. Later he has directed the East European and Russian Studies Program at Wilkes University. Dennis P. Hupchick is author of numerous articles on Bulgarian and Balkan history. He is a member of the American Association Advancement of Slavic Studies. He has also edited a number of scholarly books. Hupchick was the past-president of the Bulgarian Studies Association in the USA and was a Fulbright Scholar to Bulgaria in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="56870987" url="?curid=56870987" title="Minerals, Metals and Materials Society">
Minerals, Metals and Materials Society


</doc>
<doc id="56870990" url="?curid=56870990" title="Love to Lie Angle">
Love to Lie Angle


</doc>
<doc id="56870992" url="?curid=56870992" title="Schneider's Combination Cars">
Schneider's Combination Cars

Schneider's Combination Cars were invented by J. G. Schneider of Chicago around 1891 as convertible open and closed cars for use in summer and winter respectively.
Concept.
J. G. Schneider of Chicago invented and patented two types of adjustable car, to meet the demand from many railroads for reconstructing their old cars, and also to accommodate 
those smaller companies who desired open and closed cars but who did not feel justified in maintaining two full equipments of rolling stock.
One was the winter car which could readily be converted to an open car by the removal of the outer panels, which were made in sections and held in place at the bottom with two dowels and locks, which operated with a button at either side of each panel. These panels had rubber casings to prevent rattle and jar and make them perfectly tight. When the box car became an 
open one by removing the panels, the seats were turned over so as to face outward, while extending lengthwise as in a closed car. This left space for the conductor to pass through 
for collections.
The panels could be quickly removed, and could be painted when not in use in summer, thus reducing the time car must otherwise spend in shop. To rebuild an open car into closed, an aisle was sawed through the cross seats and the panels put on the outside. In summer the seat thus taken out is replaced and panels removed, when the car resumed its original appearance. The running footboard of the open pattern could be either folded up against the side of the car or removed entirely for the season. Also, the upholstered portion of the seat could be removed when the seat is turned for summer car, and the cushion put away. Models of each type of car were exhibited and described at a convention in Pittsburg in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="56870996" url="?curid=56870996" title="Minerals, Metals &amp; Materials Society">
Minerals, Metals &amp; Materials Society


</doc>
<doc id="56871000" url="?curid=56871000" title="Margaret Christian Grigor">
Margaret Christian Grigor

Margaret Christian Grigor (March 2, 1912, Forres, Scotland – December 1, 1981, Steilacoom, Washington, US) was a prolific sculptor and medalist,
working in metal, wood, stone, plaster and plasteline.
Grigor was elected to the National Sculpture Society in 1963.
In 1969 she won the Lindsey Morris Prize for best bas-relief from the National Sculpture Society.
She was chosen for important commissions including the Garvan Medal for women chemists, the Alaska and Hawaii Medal for the 71st issue of the Society of Medalists, and the 75th Anniversary Medal of the National Sculpture Society. She also created a medal of Alexander Hamilton for the Hall of Fame for Great Americans in New York City,
and an official Bicentennial medal.
Life.
Margaret Christian Grigor was born on March 2, 1912, in Forres, Scotland. Her father was William W. Grigor. Her parents were American and returned with her to the United States when she was a child. 
Grigor studied at Mount Holyoke College, earning her B.A. in history of art in 1934. She then studied art with Walker Hancock and Albert Laessle at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (PAFA).
During World War II, Grigor served in the Women's Army Corps.
After the war, she and her mother and a distant cousin and fellow WAC, Edna Hudnell, lived together in New York City for ten years. They then moved to Steilacoom, Washington on the coast of Puget Sound for health reasons.
Career.
Grigor was a sculptor in metal, wood and stone and a prolific medalist. Several of her medals have received particular attention. She exhibited at the Annual Exhibition of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Speaking of her work, she once stated, "I sculpt so that I can hold my head up high. People don't have to like what I do, but they recognize me as a sculptor. That is what I am."
Garvan Medal.
In 1937, Grigor created the Garvan Medal for the American Chemical Society. That a woman sculptor was selected to create the medal was particularly fitting, since it is recognizes distinguished women in the field of chemistry.
The design features a torch of knowledge on one side, with the recipient's name, and a cauldron, caduceus, and industrial buildings on the observe.
The resulting medal is considered one of her best and most original designs.
Alaska and Hawaii.
Grigor's Medal for Alaska and Hawaii was chosen by the Society of Medalists for its 71st issue, in 1965. For this medal, Grigor chose to celebrate the addition of two new cultures to the United States. One side of the medal shows two Eskimo men ice-fishing and cutting blocks of ice, while the other side shows two Native Hawaiians women working, grinding poi and mending a woven mat. 
909 copies were struck.
75th Anniversary Medal, National Sculpture Society.
Grigor was selected to create the reverse of the 75th Anniversary Medal of the National Sculpture Society (NSS) in 1968. The front was created by Thomas Gaetano LoMedico. The reverse shows sculptor's tools being passed from one hand to another, in front of a rough pylon to be sculpted, with the motto "To further the sculptural heritage."
The medal was struck by Medallic Art Company (1900–1990) at the Danbury Mint, and distributed by the National Sculpture Society.
United States Bicentennial contest.
Grigor competed in a national contest, conducted by the Treasury Department and judged by the National Sculpture Society for the United States Bicentennial. After being selected, Grigor created an official Bicentennial medal for the United States Mint, portraying Paul Reveres ride and the battles at Lexington and Concord.

</doc>
<doc id="56871007" url="?curid=56871007" title="Eloína Hechavarría">
Eloína Hechavarría


</doc>
<doc id="56871024" url="?curid=56871024" title="Kanne Kalai Maane">
Kanne Kalai Maane


</doc>
<doc id="56871033" url="?curid=56871033" title="Justice Centre Hong Kong">
Justice Centre Hong Kong

Launched in 2014, Justice Centre Hong Kong is an independent, non-profit human rights organisation that focuses on the protection of refugees and asylum seekers in Hong Kong. Hong Kong has long been a hub of migration and refuge due to wars in the region and Hong Kong’s historical role as a trading and transit entrepôt. There were estimated to be 14,000 refugees in the territory in 2017, and these refugees are in need of extensive legal assistance as the 0.8 substantiation rate is extremely low compared to rates of 25-62% per cent in other developed jurisdictions. Before early 2014 the organisation was known as the Hong Kong Refugee Advice Centre (HKRAC), which in 2007 had grown out of the Refugee Advice Unit from another local organisation working with refugees, Christian Action. And spun off by human rights lawyers Jennifer Stone and Raquel Amador, who were the first Directors. In 2012 Aleta Miller became Executive Director, helping HKRAC win the Clifford Chance Foundation Access to Justice Award in 2012, and relaunching the organisation as Justice Centre Hong Kong in 2014. From 2015 the Executive Director was Piya Muqit, who was previously head of policy and advocacy at UNICEF UK. In November 2020 Melanie McLaren was appointed Executive Director.
The organisation works with civil society partners to champion the rights of persons seeking protection in Hong Kong through research and advocacy work. In addition, it provides legal and psychosocial assistance to asylum seekers, as with the very low acceptance rate of legal aid applications in Hong Kong most asylum seekers are otherwise forced to represent themselves. 
They also carry out evidence based policy work to try to influence and improve government policies towards their clients. Their 'Coming Clean" report in 2016 found more than 80 percent of the territory's 336,600 domestic workers are exploited, with one in six a victim of forced labour. Providing the first quantitative data on trafficking this gave Hong Kong a very low ranking on the Global Slavery Index, and pushing Hong Kong onto the Tier 2 Watch List of the US State Department’s Trafficking in Persons report.
Hong Kong UPR Coalition.
Founded in 2017 for the third cycle of the United Nations Universal Periodic Review (UPR) process, the Hong Kong UPR Coalition was facilitated by Justice Centre Hong Kong to represent the collaborative efforts of different civil society groups to advance human rights in Hong Kong. Comprising 45 non-governmental organisations from across the Hong Kong spectrum, it has been directed by the Hong Kong UPR Coalition Steering Committee, which consists of nine members, namely Civil Human Rights Front, Disabilities CV, The Hong Kong Society for Asylum-Seekers and Refugees, Hong Kong Watch, Justice Centre Hong Kong, Les Corner Empowerment Association, PEN Hong Kong, Pink Alliance and Planet Ally.
During previous UPR hearings, not one recommendation had been issued on Hong Kong. Through the efforts of the coalition in bringing together many voices in civil society together, in the 2018 hearing there were seven recommendations on Hong Kong, with five other references through questions in advance and statements, raising international attention on the deterioration of rights in Hong Kong. In total 12 countries used the UPR hearing to highlight their concerns with the human rights environment in Hong Kong. In response to the questions raised the China and Hong Kong Government have stated that they were willing to accept all but one of the recommendations, now enabling this and future UPR processes to be used as an advocacy tool that can be used to hold the Hong Kong government to account.

</doc>
<doc id="56871046" url="?curid=56871046" title="How to get away with murder (tv show)">
How to get away with murder (tv show)


</doc>
<doc id="56871052" url="?curid=56871052" title="Schneider Children's Medical Center">
Schneider Children's Medical Center


</doc>
<doc id="56871054" url="?curid=56871054" title="Danuka Prabath">
Danuka Prabath

Danuka Prabath (born 19 January 1994) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Kurunegala Youth Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 18 March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56871061" url="?curid=56871061" title="Delila (disambiguation)">
Delila (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56871065" url="?curid=56871065" title="Corbeddu Cave">
Corbeddu Cave

The Corbeddu cave is located in the territory of Oliena, municipality of the province of Nuoro, in Sardinia. In this cave found refuge the famous Sardinian bandit Giovanni Corbeddu Salis (1844-1898), from which it took its name.
The cave is about 130 meters long and consists essentially of three "rooms". Inside, important archaeological finds have been made, in particular some human remains, a Phalanx bone, dated to around 20,000 years ago, which constitute the oldest evidence of Homo sapiens in Sardinia. Other findings of human bones, always referable to the final phase of the Paleolithic, include a jaw bone and a temporal bone.
In addition, bone and stone tools were discovered that were used by these prehistoric people in their daily lives. The cave, as evidenced by further findings, was also inhabited during the Neolithic period. In addition to the human bones in the cave there were numerous bones of extinct animals such as the Megaloceros cazioti and the Prolagus sardus.

</doc>
<doc id="56871081" url="?curid=56871081" title="C23 tragedy">
C23 tragedy

The "C23" tragedy refers to an incident where the "Swift"-class patrol boat "C23" of the Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta (AFM) was severely damaged in an explosion while dumping illegal fireworks off Qala in Gozo, Malta, on 7 September 1984. Seven people – five soldiers and two policemen – were killed, and the only survivor of the incident was severely injured.
The patrol boat "C23" was repaired and it returned to service, later being renamed "P23". It was decommissioned in 2010 and it now remains at the AFM base at Hay Wharf as a memorial to those killed in the explosion.
Background.
The patrol boat "C23" was originally built as "PCF 813", a Mark II Patrol Craft Fast for the United States Navy. It was one of two Swift boats which were donated to Malta, the other being "PCF 816". Both boats arrived in Malta's Grand Harbour on 6 February 1971 on board the USS "Wood County", and were designated as "C-6823" and "C-6824" respectively. The official handover ceremony took place on 5 April 1971, and they were designated "C23" and "C24". They were the first vessels to be operated by the Maritime Troop of the Malta Land Force upon its establishment in November 1970. The Maritime Troop was renamed a number of times, acquiring its present name Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta in 1980.
Explosion.
The explosion took place on 7 September 1984, during a routine operation while dumping illegal fireworks about off Qala Point in Gozo. The fireworks had been seized by The Malta Police Force from the limits of Żabbar a day earlier. The exact cause of the explosion is not known, but it is believed to have occurred when a spark caused by the closing of a hatch blew up the fireworks that were on the boat's deck.
Five soldiers and two policemen on the boat were killed, leaving only one survivor who managed to beach the boat on the island of Comino and raise the alarm despite being injured. The deceased were aged between 20 and 36.
Aftermath.
Five of the seven bodies were found after the explosion, three by a helicopter and two by a patrol boat. The bodies retrieved by the helicopter were taken to the Gozo General Hospital. The day after the incident, 8 September (a public holiday, Victory Day), was declared as a day of national mourning. The bodies were brought to Malta on board the patrol boats "C28" and "C29", and they were given a military funeral which was attended by thousands of people. The flag-draped coffins left St. Luke's Hospital, and the funeral was led by a 48-man guard of honour from the AFM's Task Force.
The explosion caused a change in policy, with fireworks no longer being carried on patrol boats but on towed barges. Today, disposal of illegal explosives is no longer carried out by AFM patrol boats.
The damaged patrol boat "C23" was towed to the Manoel Island Yacht Yard, where it was repaired by having its bow rebuilt. It subsequently reentered service with the Maritime Squadron. It was later renamed "P23", and it was decommissioned on 18 April 2010. The boat is now located at the Squadron's base at Hay Wharf in Floriana as a memorial. Its sister ship "C24" (later renamed "P24") was decommissioned at the same time and it was donated to the Maritime Museum of San Diego in 2011. The ship was replaced by another P-23 vessel.
A monument was built at Hay Wharf shortly after the event, and a new one was unveiled on the occasion of the 25th anniversary in 2009. Another memorial is located at the Maritime Museum of San Diego.
The explosion was the worst peacetime tragedy suffered by the Armed Forces and the Police.

</doc>
<doc id="56871083" url="?curid=56871083" title="1946 in Taiwan">
1946 in Taiwan

Events in the year 1946 in Taiwan, Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="56871090" url="?curid=56871090" title="Bella Bellgam">
Bella Bellgam


</doc>
<doc id="56871091" url="?curid=56871091" title="Open access in Austria">
Open access in Austria

Open access to scholarly communication in Austria has developed in the 2010s largely through government initiatives. The Austrian Science Fund and launched the "Open Access Netzwerk Austria" in 2012 to coordinate country-wide efforts. The "E-Infrastructures Austria" project began in 2014 to develop repositories. The international advocacy effort "OpenscienceASAP – Open Science as a Practice" is based in Austria.
Repositories.
There are a number of collections of scholarship in Austria housed in digital open access repositories. They contain journal articles, book chapters, data, and other research outputs that are free to read.
Timeline.
Key events in the development of open access in Austria include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="56871092" url="?curid=56871092" title="Glue board">
Glue board


</doc>
<doc id="56871100" url="?curid=56871100" title="Stockport MBC">
Stockport MBC


</doc>
<doc id="56871113" url="?curid=56871113" title="Noah Elliott">
Noah Elliott

Noah Elliott (born July 12, 1997) is a Paralympic snowboarder who competed for the United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics and his daughter’s name is Skylar. He won gold in Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's banked slalom division SB-LL1.

</doc>
<doc id="56871114" url="?curid=56871114" title="List of open access repositories in Austria">
List of open access repositories in Austria


</doc>
<doc id="56871117" url="?curid=56871117" title="List of Austrian open access repositories">
List of Austrian open access repositories


</doc>
<doc id="56871121" url="?curid=56871121" title="Twelve Poems of Emily Dickinson">
Twelve Poems of Emily Dickinson

Twelve Poems of Emily Dickinson is a song cycle for medium voice and piano by the American composer Aaron Copland.
Completed in 1950 and lasting for just under half an hour, it represents Copland's longest work for solo voice. He assigned the first line of each poem as the song title, Emily Dickinson having not titled any of the pieces. The exception is "The Chariot", which was Dickinson's original published title.
Each song is dedicated to a composer friend. The sequence, with dedicatees, is:
Copland himself acknowledged that many have heard the influence of Charles Ives, Gustav Mahler, and Gabriel Fauré in the songs. In his own memoirs, he made the link between Dickinson's and Mahler's preoccupation with death, however he stated that he recognized no direct musical influence. Nonetheless, writers have frequently cited the fifth song in particular, "Heart, We Will Forget Him!" as being Copland at his most Mahlerian. This is perhaps even more evident the orchestral setting, which he began in 1958. Completed in 1970, Eight Poems of Emily Dickinson for small orchestra omits 3, 8, 9 and 10 from the original sequence.
The original version was premiered at Columbia University on 18 May 1950, with soloist Alice Howland accompanied by the composer. It was not especially well-received by critics, prompting Copland to note wryly to Leonard Bernstein, "that I decided I must have written a better cycle than I had realized." The premiere of the orchestration was given on 14 November 1970 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City, with soloist Gwendolyn Killebrew and the Juilliard Orchestra conducted by Michael Tilson Thomas. Tilson Thomas subsequently recorded the cycle for EMI with Barbara Hendricks and the London Symphony Orchestra.
Both versions have been recorded many times since their respective premieres.

</doc>
<doc id="56871122" url="?curid=56871122" title="Valeriy Podluzhny">
Valeriy Podluzhny


</doc>
<doc id="56871125" url="?curid=56871125" title="Eight Poems of Emily Dickinson">
Eight Poems of Emily Dickinson


</doc>
<doc id="56871127" url="?curid=56871127" title="Zest (soap)">
Zest (soap)


</doc>
<doc id="56871135" url="?curid=56871135" title="Neomanila">
Neomanila

Neomanila is a 2017 Philippine neo-noir thriller film co-written and directed by Mikhail Red. Set in modern Manila amid the war on drugs, it tells the story of Irma (Eula Valdez), a hitwoman who trains the young orphan Toto (Timothy Castillo) to become a professional assassin. It premiered at the 2017 Quezon City International Film Festival from October 20–28, before having a Philippine theatrical release on March 13, 2019. "The Hollywood Reporter" described the film as a "slick thriller".
Plot.
In modern Manila amid the war on drugs, street orphan Toto (Timothy Castillo) raises money in an effort to bail out his imprisoned brother Kiko, who is terrified that the gang involved in an illegal drug trade he is running might be plotting to kill him. When Toto finds out that, indeed, he and his brother have become targets of assassination by local gangsters as well as corrupt officers, he is rescued by Irma (Eula Valdez), a professional hitwoman who introduces herself as a friend of his dead mother, with whom she spent time as a hawker of counterfeit goods. Irma's assignments are set up by a corrupt police officer named "Sarge". Although occupied with another assignment, Irma offers Toto refuge and she trains him to become an assassin; Toto, then, comes to see Irma as a surrogate mother.
Production.
"Neomanila" was the third feature film of writer-director Mikhail Red, the first two being "Rekorder" (2013) and "Birdshot" (2016). According to Red, he had the idea for "Neomanila" after watching an interview conducted by the BBC, which had gone viral, of a married couple who both worked as hitmen at night. He added that his research mainly involved visiting Manila Police District precincts and recording violent events late at night: "We would hang around near the police station—"Nightcrawler" level. We would go to the actual crime scenes, and I recorded a lot on my phone."
Principal photography on the film began August 2017 and lasted 11 days, which is a relatively short schedule compared to the two-year period Red spent completing "Birdshot". Although Red believes that shooting for two years is optimal for a production schedule, he elected releasing "Neomanila" immediately that year because he felt that extrajudicial killings (EJK), especially during the Philippine Drug War, were a "very relevant" subject tackled in the film, and shooting in that period would eliminate its significance. The film was photographed by "Birdshot" cinematographer Mycko David, whom Red compared favorably to Roger Deakins. Aesthetically, Red shot the film with the Arri Alexa utilizing the cinéma vérité technique, emphasizing mostly hand-held camera movements. He prefers that his films deliver a "strong social commentary" by using genre, explaining that "It's a better way of reaching more people and getting your message across". Red insists that "Neomanila" is devoid of any political statement, and he believes that whether the characters' decisions are "moral" is best left for audiences to contemplate:
I guess what makes it different from most EJK-themed films—and there's a lot being done now—is the perspective. It's basically about people caught in the middle of the drug war, literally, because they're the middlemen. They're morally ambiguous. I'm always interested in that, where you have very likable criminals, going up against corrupt cops. It's very gray. You don’t know: Who’s good? Who’s bad? Is this justified? I wouldn't say it's political because even the characters themselves, they're unaware, oblivious to the politics of it. They don't talk about the politics of the whole situation. They just do it for the money. It's like a lens, looking at the whole situation, and it keeps throwing questions at the audience. It's up to you to decide: is this moral? It's up to you to question yourself.
Release and reception.
"Neomanila" premiered at the 2017 Quezon City International Film Festival from October 20–28, and had a Philippine wide release on March 13, 2019. The review-aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 100 percent (based on five reviews) and a weighted average of 8 out of 10. Clarence Tsui for "The Hollywood Reporter" called the film a "slick thriller", extending praise to Eula Valdez's against-type role and Tim Castillo's "nuanced performance". Wanggo Gallaga of InterAksyon.com wrote, "It's a powerful film that doesn't pull its punches".

</doc>
<doc id="56871143" url="?curid=56871143" title="BADL">
BADL


</doc>
<doc id="56871144" url="?curid=56871144" title="Nalloh">
Nalloh

Nalloh is a village in Dhar Kalan in Pathankot district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 382 houses and the population of 2233 of which 1154 are males while 1179 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 77.53%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 315 which is 14.11% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 921 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 28.53% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 574 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 481 males and 93 females. According to census survey report 2011, 77.35% workers describe their work as main work and 22.65% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Pathankot and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56871146" url="?curid=56871146" title="Manmarziyaan (film)">
Manmarziyaan (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56871151" url="?curid=56871151" title="Praha hlavní nádraží station">
Praha hlavní nádraží station


</doc>
<doc id="56871154" url="?curid=56871154" title="Don't Give In (Snow Patrol song)">
Don't Give In (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871160" url="?curid=56871160" title="Life on Earth (Snow Patrol song)">
Life on Earth (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871163" url="?curid=56871163" title="Warneford Place">
Warneford Place

Warneford Place, also known as Sevenhampton Place, is a Grade II listed country house in Sevenhampton, south of Highworth, in Wiltshire, England.
The main house is modern but is listed because it incorporates some features from the original 18th century mansion. Warneford Place dates back to at least the 17th century, and was home to the Warneford family. That family, although often impoverished, had been established in the area since around the 12th century and owned much of its land. The house was often empty and neglected.
In 1902, there was an auction of the Warneford Place Estate and its contents. It has been grade II listed (as Warnford Place) since 1979.
It was home to Frederick Banbury, 1st Baron Banbury of Southam, who died there in 1936.
In 1960, the James Bond author Ian Fleming bought the "demolished Warneford Place", and built a new house which he named Sevenhampton Place, incorporating some elements of the original building. He did not move in until the new house was completed in 1963 and spent little time there. He died in 1964, aged 56, and is buried in the Sevenhampton churchyard, along with his wife Ann and son Caspar. His widow Ann Fleming lived at Sevenhampton Place until she died there on 12 July 1981.
In 1987, the house was bought by the businessman Paddy McNally for £7 million. In 2004, the house was robbed by The Johnson Gang, who stole items to the value of £750,000.

</doc>
<doc id="56871165" url="?curid=56871165" title="Alex (Train)">
Alex (Train)


</doc>
<doc id="56871166" url="?curid=56871166" title="Heal Me (song)">
Heal Me (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871170" url="?curid=56871170" title="Heal Me (Snow Patrol song)">
Heal Me (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871171" url="?curid=56871171" title="Empress (song)">
Empress (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871173" url="?curid=56871173" title="A Dark Switch">
A Dark Switch


</doc>
<doc id="56871175" url="?curid=56871175" title="Warnford Place">
Warnford Place


</doc>
<doc id="56871179" url="?curid=56871179" title="What If This Is All the Love You Ever Get?">
What If This Is All the Love You Ever Get?


</doc>
<doc id="56871182" url="?curid=56871182" title="A Youth Written in Fire">
A Youth Written in Fire


</doc>
<doc id="56871187" url="?curid=56871187" title="Soon (Snow Patrol song)">
Soon (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871190" url="?curid=56871190" title="Wild Horses (Snow Patrol song)">
Wild Horses (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871191" url="?curid=56871191" title="Life and Death (Snow Patrol song)">
Life and Death (Snow Patrol song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871192" url="?curid=56871192" title="Gurimu Narita">
Gurimu Narita

Gurimu Narita (born 1 February 1994) is a Japanese disabled snowboarder. He won gold in Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's banked slalom in the SB-LL2 classification and bronze in Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's snowboard cross.

</doc>
<doc id="56871199" url="?curid=56871199" title="Sudara Dakshina">
Sudara Dakshina

Sudara Dakshina (born 19 June 1995) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his List A debut for Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 18 March 2018. He made his Twenty20 debut on 4 January 2020, for Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56871209" url="?curid=56871209" title="Sherif (choreographer)">
Sherif (choreographer)

Sherif popularly known as Choreographer Sherif (born 16 April 1981, Coimbatore) is a talented and a well-known Indian choreographer who has worked predominantly in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada movies. He also featured as an actor in films.
Career.
He started out as a contestant on a reality show, ultimately grew into a prominent choreographer in the film industry, to setting up a dance school, the Coimbatore lad Sherif’s evolution has been both unique and moving.
In 2009, he won the Dance Reality Show "Ungalil Yaar Adutha Prabhu Deva". After tasting success in it, he is now the most sought after choreographer for many prominent directors in the cinema industry.
Choreographer Sherif has given extraordinary dance steps, and he experiments a lot with his dance steps. He shot to fame with the song "Kasu Panam" from Soodhu Kavvum. He’s choreographed for more than 100 songs and even made Superstar Rajinikanth shake a leg to his dance moves in Petta. He has achieved great heights in the film industry in a short span of time. He has also acted in films, Sherif made his acting debut in the film Vetriselvan in a supporting role.
He also launched a dance company named Sherif’s Dance Company in Chennai. He was one of the mentors on Kings of Dance Season 2. Choreographer Sherif, recently became the first Indian to join the Global Dance Council (GDC), he is the convener of Global Dance Council (GDC). and is coming up with a structured syllabus for dancers.
References.
8. https://www.thenewsminute.com/article/watch-making-marana-mass-song-rajinikanths-petta-out-92642

</doc>
<doc id="56871212" url="?curid=56871212" title="Mitsubishi Ha26-II">
Mitsubishi Ha26-II


</doc>
<doc id="56871218" url="?curid=56871218" title="Life and Death (song)">
Life and Death (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871222" url="?curid=56871222" title="The fate of empires and search for survival">
The fate of empires and search for survival


</doc>
<doc id="56871232" url="?curid=56871232" title="Fort William Lighthouse">
Fort William Lighthouse

Fort William Lighthouse is located on the Dawson's Hill in the old centre of Cape Coast, in Ghana's Central Region. The lighthouse is often called Cape Coast Castle Light, although it is not part of the Cape Coast Castle complex. It is about away from the Castle.
The building was first constructed by the British under Governor Hope-Smith in 1820, and it was named Smith's Tower. In the 1830s, it was reconstructed with more durable materials and renamed Fort William. Since then, it has served as a lighthouse.
Currently, the building houses Ghana Museums &amp; Monuments Board staff (GMMB). Fort William is well maintained and open to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="56871235" url="?curid=56871235" title="Phangota">
Phangota

Phangota is a village in Dhar Kalan in Pathankot district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 202 houses and the population of 1140 of which 558 are males while 552 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 71.89%, lower than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 158 which is 13.86% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 10.26 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 16.14% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 324 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 205 males and 19 females. According to census survey report 2011, 63.89% workers describe their work as main work and 36.11% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="56871236" url="?curid=56871236" title="1622 in Taiwan">
1622 in Taiwan

Events from the year 1622 in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="56871246" url="?curid=56871246" title="Kokusai Army Type 4 Special Transport Glider">
Kokusai Army Type 4 Special Transport Glider


</doc>
<doc id="56871247" url="?curid=56871247" title="Sagarmoy Ghosh">
Sagarmoy Ghosh

Sagarmoy Ghosh (22 June 1912 – 19 February 1999) was an author and renowned editor of Bengali literary journal "Desh".
Early life.
Ghosh was born in Chandipur village, Comilla, in British India, His father Kalimohan Ghosh and elder brother famous singer Santidev Ghosh were closely associated with Rabindranath Tagore. Ghosh was interested in music and literature since childhood and completed his study from the school of Shantiniketan. He passed B.A from Calcutta University. In 1932, he participated in the Non-cooperation movement and was imprisoned by the police.
Career.
In jail he met with Ashok Kumar Sarkar, well known editor of Ananda Bazar Patrika and joined in Anandabazar group. He became the assistant editor of "Desh" in 1939. Ghosh's task was to pick up young and promising writers for the magazine. He became the editor of the magazine in 1976 and for more than 5 decades he was with Ananadabazar and it's literary wings and made it an institution amongst Bengalis. A number of literary figures of Bengal contributed to the Desh magazine in his editorship. Ghosh's notable works are: "Ekti Perekere Kahini", "Sampadoker Boithake", "Dandyakaranyar Bagh" and "Hirer Nakchhabi".
Awards.
In 1986 he was awarded Viswa Bharati University's highest honour "Deshikottam". Ghosh received Calcutta University's first Narayan Gangopadhyay award for his book "Ekti Pereker Kahini". In 1984 he received Ananada Puraskar along with Sukumar Sen and Bimal Mitra.

</doc>
<doc id="56871253" url="?curid=56871253" title="De Luizenmoeder">
De Luizenmoeder

De Luizenmoeder (literally: "The Lice Mother") is a Dutch comedy series broadcast by AVROTROS on NPO 3. The series is about an elementary school, called "De Klimop", its teachers, its principal, and the parents of its first grade (group 3) students. The first season, which consisted of nine episodes, aired weekly on Sundays between January 14 and March 11, 2018. The season was followed by a special, that included bloopers and deleted scenes. The series became an unexpected success, reaching record-breaking ratings and receiving awards. A second season began on February 10, 2019. Belgian production company Lecter Media bought the rights to make a Belgian version directed by Maarten Moerkerke, which was broadcast on VTM starting in January 2019.
The series was created by Jan Albert de Weerd and Ilse Warringa, who also is one of the actors. Filming began on October 5, 2017 at a former elementary school in Mijdrecht, called "Twistvliedschool". It was produced by Ingmar Menning and De Weerd of the production company Bing Film &amp; TV. De Weerd also directed the first season of "De Luizenmoeder". Season two was directed by Diederik Ebbinge and Jelle de Jonge.
Reception.
"De Luizenmoeder" became a success unexpectedly. It was hailed for its recognizability and its politically incorrect jokes about, for example, Zwarte Piet and gay parents. The first episode was seen live (and online the same day) by about 750,000 people, but another 850,000 people watched the episode online in the following six days. Its ratings quickly rose and peaked at episode 4, "Laat ze maar glanzen", which had almost 3.5 million live views and almost 4.75 million including online watching. Six out of the nine first season episodes were the best watched television programs on Dutch television of the week (online watching included). "De Luizenmoeder" broke several records: never before was a television show watched online so many times in the Netherlands, and it was the program with the highest ratings on NPO 3 since a new measurement method was introduced in 2008.
Several parodies of the song "Hallo allemaal" ("Hello Everybody"), which is repeatedly sung by teacher Ank (Ilse Warringa), were created. One version was sung by comedian André van Duin, and multiple versions were created for the festival Carnival.
"De Luizenmoeder" received the Zilveren Nipkowschijf, a Dutch television award, in June 2018. Besides, actress Ilse Warringa was awarded the Golden Calf for Best Actress in a Television Drama in October 2018 for her role in the series as Ank. That same month, Warringa won the Silver Television Star during the Golden Televizier-Ring Gala for her role in the series. "De Luizenmoeder" was also nominated for the Golden Televizier Ring, but it did not win the award.

</doc>
<doc id="56871257" url="?curid=56871257" title="The Lice Mother">
The Lice Mother


</doc>
<doc id="56871260" url="?curid=56871260" title="Lice Mother">
Lice Mother


</doc>
<doc id="56871269" url="?curid=56871269" title="James Stewart Martin (military)">
James Stewart Martin (military)


</doc>
<doc id="56871276" url="?curid=56871276" title="Gaussian algorithm (disambiguation)">
Gaussian algorithm (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56871277" url="?curid=56871277" title="Sevenhampton Place">
Sevenhampton Place


</doc>
<doc id="56871278" url="?curid=56871278" title="Gay, Russia (disambiguation)">
Gay, Russia (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56871287" url="?curid=56871287" title="SAE J300">
SAE J300

SAE J300 is a standard that defines the viscometric properties of mono- and multigrade engine oils, maintained by SAE International. Key parameters for engine oil viscometrics are the oil's kinematic viscosity, its high temperature-high shear viscosity measured by the tapered bearing simulator, and low temperature properties measured by the cold-cranking simulator and mini-rotary viscometer. This standard is commonly used throughout the world, and standards organizations that do so include API and ILSAC, and ACEA.
Viscosity grades.
SAE viscosity grades include 0W through 25W in increments of 5W, 8 through 20 in increments of 4, and 20 through 60 in increments of 10. The former grades denote a multigrade engine oil's low-temperature properties (W denoting "winter"), whereas the latter grades denote an engine oil's properties at the operating temperature of an engine. To illustrate, a lawnmower may require SAE 30 monograde engine oil that must meet the SAE 30 requirements. In comparison, a contemporary passenger car engine may require SAE 0W-20 multigrade engine oil that must meet both the SAE 0W and SAE 20 requirements. 
The addition of the SAE 8 through SAE 16 viscosity grades permit improved fuel economy through reduced hydrodynamic friction.

</doc>
<doc id="56871320" url="?curid=56871320" title="Dagmar Täube">
Dagmar Täube

Dagmar Täube (born 1961) is a German art historian and museum director. Since 2016 she has been in charge at the St. Anne's Museum Quarter in Lübeck.
The focus of her research interests is on stained glass and panel painting from the fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth centuries.
Life.
Dagmar Regina Täube was born in Grevenbroich, an industrial city a short distance to the west of Cologne. She studied at the University of Bonn between 1980 and 1991. Her focus was on art history, together with pedagogy and germanistics. Thanks to various bursaries (DAAD, , Dr. Franz Stüsser foundation) she benefitted from foreign placements in 1987 and 1989 at Brussels, Utrecht and The Hague. She received her doctorate in 1991.
She began working as a freelance educator with the Museums Service in Cologne in 1986. Between 1991 she combined this with a post as academic assistant at the Wallraf-Richartz Museum in Cologne, during which period she choreographed the Stefan Lochner exhibition, celebrating a relatively little-known late-medieval artist whose work she has further championed and elucidated subsequently. Between 1994 and 1996 Täube was part of a research project into Gothic Painting in the research department of the city's Museums Service.
From 1996 till 1997 she worked as a curator at Cologne's Schnütgen Museum. Then in 1998 she took over at the at Linnich. That was also the year in which she led a team on a research visit to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. Between 1999 and 2012 Täube was deputy director at the Schnütgen Museum in Cologne. That included a period, following the retirement in 2010 of , as the museum's acting director. She curated a number of exhibitions and was in overall charge in 2010 when the newly extended museum was reopened with 60% more floor space than before. However, she left the Schnütgen after took over and the exhibition that she had been curating. In March 2012 she became director of the "Draiflessen Collection" in Mettingen, a private sector initiative by the Brenninkmeijer family (C&amp;A) to collect, secure and process the extensive records of the family's business and family history.
Between 2014 and 2016 Dagmar Täube worked freelance as head of "artcura. premium art support". Since 2001 she has also held a seasonal teaching contract with the Heinrich Heine University at Düsseldorf.
On 1 September 2016 (to take effect on 15 October 2016) the appointed Dagmar Täube as director of the St. Anne's Museum Quarter, the Holstentor Museum and of the St. Catherine's Museum-church. That made her a successor to (who had already retired back in 2014) and . (The city authorities took the opportunity to consolidate the St Anne's Museum and the St Anne's Hall into a single administrative unit.)

</doc>
<doc id="56871321" url="?curid=56871321" title="Rotenburg railway station">
Rotenburg railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56871325" url="?curid=56871325" title="America (2011 movie)">
America (2011 movie)


</doc>
<doc id="56871329" url="?curid=56871329" title="Viscometric">
Viscometric


</doc>
<doc id="56871330" url="?curid=56871330" title="América (Portuguese film)">
América (Portuguese film)


</doc>
<doc id="56871331" url="?curid=56871331" title="Customer migration">
Customer migration

In marketing, customer migration refers to the shifting of customers from one segment to the other. A Customer Segment or a group of individuals is formed that allows the company to identify and reach out to customers (current or potential) with similar needs and expectations from the product or service. This movement can be a result of any event or actions led by the company or the customer himself. The first can be a resultant of marketing campaigns, messages and targeting, while the second can occur if there is change in customer preferences, income, or as a response to the marketing campaign that may or may not have touched the target audience. In the fast-moving world today, one of the best ways to understand customer behavior is by analyzing the customer migration pattern. This phenomenon has prevailed within us over a long period of time, along with some steady buyers, there are customer who are always in motion.
Reason to Study the Patterns.
There are several migration patterns, it can a movement from economy class to business and to first class eventually. Also, with an initial purchase of a single product and later turning into a buyer of several different products. Learning and examination of the migration patterns can serve many tasks of the company, like customer loyalty and retention, brand loyalty, revenue and sales maximization and even the analysis of return on investment.
These patterns can help evaluating different segments and the way to contact them effectively. With the promotion done to these segments on the basis of their shared characteristics, it is more likely for a product to showcase greater success rate.
Measuring the Customer Migration.
To measure and analyze the migration patterns, a number of approaches can be followed. It can start either by deciding segments and dividing the population in those buckets according to their behavior patterns at the beginning and end of the period to measure the displacement. Example: Loyalists, Under performs, Seasonal, Onetime and two-time buyers and Inactive buyers. Another approach is to form a group of people with shared interests and purchase patterns as one segment, and later analyze their movements and migration after the end of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="56871334" url="?curid=56871334" title="John Johnstone (physician)">
John Johnstone (physician)

John Johnstone (1768–1836) was a British physician and biographer.
Life.
The sixth son of James Johnstone (1730?–1802) MD and his wife Hannah Crane, and brother of Edward Johnstone and James Johnstone (1753–1783), he was born in Kidderminster, where his father was practising. He studied at Kidderminster Free School and entered Merton College, Oxford, in 1786. He graduated BA in 1789, MA 1792, MB 1793, and MD 1800.
Johnstone became a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London in 1805, and a fellow of the Royal Society in 1815. He delivered the Harveian Oration in 1819. He practised medicine in Worcester from 1793 to 1799, when he moved to Birmingham, where he built up a large practice. From 1801 to 1833 he was physician to Birmingham General Hospital. He was president of the second meeting of the Provincial Medical and Surgical Association in 1834.
Johnstone died in Birmingham on 28 December 1836, aged 68.
Works.
A close friend of Samuel Parr, Johnstone wrote his not uncritical "Memoirs" (1828) for the edition of Parr's works in eight volumes; Parr had assisted him in his Harveian Oration (1819) and in his "Reply to Mr. Carmichael Smyth" (1805). He also published:
Family.
Johnstone married Anna Delicia Curtis, daughter of Captain George Curtis, and niece of Sir William Curtis, 1st Baronet, on 26 December 1809. They had two daughters, Anna Delicia (born 1811), who married Walter Farquhar Hook, and Agnes Mary (born 1814), who married the Rev. Henry Clarke, son of Sir William Clarke, 1st Baronet (1762–1808).

</doc>
<doc id="56871339" url="?curid=56871339" title="Rotenburg-Verden railway">
Rotenburg-Verden railway


</doc>
<doc id="56871344" url="?curid=56871344" title="Prelude and Fugue in C-sharp minor, BWV 873">
Prelude and Fugue in C-sharp minor, BWV 873

Prelude and Fugue in C-sharp minor, BWV 873, is a keyboard composition written by Johann Sebastian Bach in 1738. 
It is the 4th prelude and fugue in Book II of "The Well-Tempered Clavier".
Prelude.
The prelude is in the time signature of 9/8 time. It is in the key of C-sharp minor. The Prelude is heavily ornamented with mordents and appoggiaturas.
Fugue.
The fugue is in 12/16 time. It is also in C-sharp minor. Unlike its prelude, the fugue does not have much ornamentation.

</doc>
<doc id="56871349" url="?curid=56871349" title="Mississauga Croatia">
Mississauga Croatia


</doc>
<doc id="56871352" url="?curid=56871352" title="Germany at the Winter Paralympics">
Germany at the Winter Paralympics


</doc>
<doc id="56871373" url="?curid=56871373" title="All the Things (Alexandra Burke song)">
All the Things (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871377" url="?curid=56871377" title="The Truth Is (Alexandra Burke song)">
The Truth Is (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871379" url="?curid=56871379" title="Viscosity grade">
Viscosity grade


</doc>
<doc id="56871381" url="?curid=56871381" title="The Truth Is (song)">
The Truth Is (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871384" url="?curid=56871384" title="In the Rain (Alexandra Burke song)">
In the Rain (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871387" url="?curid=56871387" title="Say We'll Meet Again">
Say We'll Meet Again


</doc>
<doc id="56871389" url="?curid=56871389" title="Michael Dwyers">
Michael Dwyers

Michael Dwyers or Michael Dwyers GAA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871391" url="?curid=56871391" title="Say We'll Meet Again (Alexandra Burke song)">
Say We'll Meet Again (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871393" url="?curid=56871393" title="Curtis Johnston">
Curtis Johnston

Curtis Johnston is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who last played for the North Sydney Bears in the Canterbury Cup NSW competition.
Background.
Johnston was born in Darlinghurst, Sydney on 17 August 1989 and grew up in Chatswood until the age of 10 when he moved to Berowra in Sydney's far North. 
Playing career.
North Sydney.
Johnston played 7 seasons of NSW Cup with North Sydney scoring 97 tries over 110 games before moving clubs to Redcliffe Dolphins at the end of 2014 he has scored 21 tries over 47 games with the Dolphins.
Johnston debuted as an 18 year old for North Sydney Bears against Cronulla Cobras in 2008 at the Central Coast Stadium.
He played limited games in 2008 and most with Junior Club Berowra Wallabies in which Johnston won the combined North Sydney/Manly Warringah A-Grade Competition.
In 2011, Johnston was named NSW Cup winger of the year alongside Michael Lett scoring 27 tries in the regular season and called into the NSW Cup Representatives side Vs Qld Residents.
2012 saw Johnston join the club his Grandfather John Sellgren played for in the late 40s early 50s at South Sydney, he played out most of the year with feeder club North Sydney.
In 2013, Johnston fell in trouble with the ASADA (Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority) after allegations of text messages saying he had admitted to the use of peptides aired on channel 9. Johnston claimed the messages were a joke between friends and was later cleared to resume playing with North Sydney after 8 weeks of investigation. Johnston scored 4 tries in his return game against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs.
In 2014, Johnston signed with English club Leigh Centurions but was ineligible to play in England.
Redcliffe Dolphins.
This saw Johnston change interstate to Queensland club Redcliffe Dolphins.
Johnston did not play there until round 8 of the 2015 season after serving an 11-week suspension from the NSWRL the previous year.
2016 saw Johnston play in his first State League (Qrl Intrust Super Cup) Grand Final against the Burleigh Bears losing 26 to 16.
North Sydney (re-join).
On May 11 2018, Johnston re-joined his home club North Sydney.
Johnston brought up his 100th try with Norths against the Blacktown Workers Sea Eagles with 
a hat trick at North Sydney Oval.
During the 2019 Canterbury Cup NSW season, Johnston announced via his Facebook page that he would be retiring following the conclusion of year. Johnston finished his final season playing in 7 matches and scoring 4 tries. 
Johnstons finished his career with a total of 108 tries in 131 games for North Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="56871394" url="?curid=56871394" title="Summer (Alexandra Burke song)">
Summer (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871395" url="?curid=56871395" title="Network provider (disambiguation)">
Network provider (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56871398" url="?curid=56871398" title="Maybe It's Love (song)">
Maybe It's Love (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871400" url="?curid=56871400" title="Maybe It's Love (Alexandra Burke song)">
Maybe It's Love (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871401" url="?curid=56871401" title="Hydrodynamic friction">
Hydrodynamic friction


</doc>
<doc id="56871402" url="?curid=56871402" title="All I Need (Alexandra Burke song)">
All I Need (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871403" url="?curid=56871403" title="Believe (Alexandra Burke song)">
Believe (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871405" url="?curid=56871405" title="You're Worth Holding Onto">
You're Worth Holding Onto


</doc>
<doc id="56871406" url="?curid=56871406" title="Without You (Alexandra Burke song)">
Without You (Alexandra Burke song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871407" url="?curid=56871407" title="Ida Eliot">
Ida Eliot


</doc>
<doc id="56871413" url="?curid=56871413" title="35th International Film Festival of India">
35th International Film Festival of India

The 35th International Film Festival of India was held from November 29 - December 9 2004 in Goa. The edition is the first globally competitive edition with a permanent venue at Goa. The "Beach Screening"
section of Hollywood blockbusters was instituted for the first time at this edition.

</doc>
<doc id="56871416" url="?curid=56871416" title="Chin. Hist. Rev.">
Chin. Hist. Rev.


</doc>
<doc id="56871421" url="?curid=56871421" title="Chin Hist Rev">
Chin Hist Rev


</doc>
<doc id="56871423" url="?curid=56871423" title="Michael Dwyers GAA">
Michael Dwyers GAA


</doc>
<doc id="56871431" url="?curid=56871431" title="Tararn Wala">
Tararn Wala

Tararn Wala (Chak 237 GB) (in Urdu تارڑانوالہ ) is a large size village of Jaranwala Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan. This village is on Gugera Branch Canal. Punjabi is the native spoken language, and Urdu is also widely used. Major castes in this village include the Gurjar, Arain, Rajput, and Tarar. Adjacent village is Chak 236 GB Kilanwala
History.
Tararn Wala village name comes from Tarar a subcast of Jatt. 
At the beginning of the twentieth century a Government High School was established, and in 1908 a police station was established in Tararn Wala Village.

</doc>
<doc id="56871448" url="?curid=56871448" title="Gyeonggi Provincial Government North Office station">
Gyeonggi Provincial Government North Office station


</doc>
<doc id="56871451" url="?curid=56871451" title="2018 PDC Players Championship 6">
2018 PDC Players Championship 6

The 2018 PDC Players Championship 6 was the sixth of twenty-two Players Championship events on the 2018 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place in Milton Keynes, England on 18 March 2018. It featured a field of 128 players and £75,000 in prize money, with £10,000 going to the winner. The winner was Ian White.

</doc>
<doc id="56871452" url="?curid=56871452" title="Michael Dwyers (disambiguation)">
Michael Dwyers (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56871456" url="?curid=56871456" title="Palazzo Doria Spinola">
Palazzo Doria Spinola

The Palazzo Doria-Spinola or Palazzo Antonio Doria is a palace located in largo Eros Lanfranco in the historical center of Genoa, Northwestern Italy. The palace was one of the 163 Palazzi dei Rolli of Genoa, one of those selected private residences where notable guests of the Republic of Genoa were hosted during State visits. On 13 luglio del 2006 it was added to the list of 42 palaces which now form the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Genoa: Le Strade Nuove and the system of the Palazzi dei Rolli". The palace now hosts the Prefecture of Genoa and the seat of the Province of Genoa. It is possible to visit the areas of the building which are open to the public.
The Rolli of Genoa.
The "Rolli di Genova" - or, more precisely, the "Rolli degli alloggiamenti pubblici di Genova" (Italian for "Lists of the public lodgings of Genoa") were the official lists at the time of the Republic of Genoa of the private palaces and mansions, belonging to the most distinguished Genoese families, which - if chosen through a public lottery - were obliged to host on behalf of the Government the most notable visitors during their State visit to the Republic. Later, these palaces hosted many famous visitors to Genoa during their Grand Tour, a cultural itinerary around Italy
History.
Antonio Doria, cousin of the Genoese Admiral Andrea Doria, after his former residence was demolished to make way to the construction of the new walls, commissioned the palace to Bernardino Cantone and, later, to Giovan Battista Castello. The area was, at the time, immersed in nature near the demolished Acquasola Gate, which the same new walls had made redundant. At the end of the 16th century, Taddeo Carlone completed the facade with the marble portal at the main entrance. In 1624 the palace passed to the Spinola family, which expanded it to the East with a richly-decorated gallery by Andrea Ansaldo, demolished in the 19th century to open via Roma. The main rooms were decorated by Giovanni and Luca Cambiaso with scenes from the Trojan War and battles between sea monsters. The palace contains a room inspired by the Gallery of Maps in the Vatican, documenting the achievements of the Doria family and, in particular, of the first owner Antonio Doria, who worked as strategist for the Spanish Crown. In 1877, the palace became the seat of the Province of Genoa and the Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="56871457" url="?curid=56871457" title="1988 Nippon Professional Baseball season">
1988 Nippon Professional Baseball season

The 1988 Nippon Professional Baseball season was the 39th season of operation for the league.

</doc>
<doc id="56871463" url="?curid=56871463" title="Euterpe hotspot">
Euterpe hotspot


</doc>
<doc id="56871466" url="?curid=56871466" title="Patricia Billings">
Patricia Billings

Patricia Billings (born 1926) is a sculptor, inventor and businesswoman. She invented the building material Geobond. Billings has an entry in the "Historical Encyclopedia of American Women Entrepreneurs, 1776 to the Present".
Early life and education.
Patricia Billings was born in 1926 in Clinton, Missouri to a farmer and his wife. She married a salesman and began working as a medical technologist, studying fungal and bacterial diseases at Kansas City Junior College. She left that job in 1947 when she married; later she and her husband divorced. Billings worked as a tuberculosis researcher at Kansas City Hospital.
In 1956 she began studying art at Amarillo College. She made plaster of Paris sculptures, and in 1964 she opened a store in Kansas City where she sold many of her sculptures. She sculpted a swan and after she finished, it collapsed and broke into pieces. She then decided to make a stronger substance for creating her sculptures.
Career.
Billings began researching materials in manuscripts from the Renaissance Era, where she learned that the plaster used in frescoes was fortified with a material similar to cement (but not cement); that material affected the chemical composition of the mixture, thereby strengthening it. Eight years later she invented, in her basement lab, the Geobond construction material. She sent a 10-inch statue made of her new material to a scientist, who encouraged her to persist. In 1996, "The Wall Street Journal" published a profile of Billings that also described fire-resistance testing of Geobond by Underwriters Laboratories, the Kansas City Fire Department, and a government lab at Edwards Air Force Base.
Geobond research was initially funded by Billings.; it was patented in 1997. The resulting company, Geobond International Inc., began as a small 13-employee company in Kansas City, Missouri. Production was at a Lenexa, Kansas facility until the company moved to a larger factory in Kansas City in 1996. Billings along with Susan Michalski also invented the FireTherm wall system, which combines metal lath and tarpaper with Geobond. Building materials based on Geobond were available in over 20 markets throughout the world in 2006.
Recognition.
"Popular Mechanics" named Billings, in 2020, one of "37 Women Who’ve Upended Science, Tech, and Engineering For the Better" for her invention of Geobond which was recognized for its non-carcinogenic properties.
A book on women inventors, "Patently Female" (2002), calls Geobond the "world's first safe alternative to asbestos." Lemmelson-MIT notes its fireproof and resilient properties, calling it "the world's first workable replacement for asbestos." A 2017 book on women designers, craftswomen, architects and engineers states that the Geobond architectural material is an "indestructible, fire-proof and non-toxic building material.”
Billings's work has been featured in newspapers (including the "St. Louis Post Dispatch") and books (including "Organizational Wisdom and Executive Courage" and "The Integration of the Humanities and Arts with Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine in Higher Education".)
Building material patents.
In addition to the invention of Geobond, Billings has received several patents for building materials including modular wall panels and roofing tiles. These include: 
Billings and Susan Michalski developed a patented process and design for modular, fire-resistant molded building panels using a gypsum cement catalyst formula in layers between a framework of rigid studs.
Personal life.
Billings married at age 21; she divorced 17 years later. She has a daughter and two grandsons.

</doc>
<doc id="56871472" url="?curid=56871472" title="Gratzen Mountains">
Gratzen Mountains

The Gratzen Mountains ( or, more rarely, "Gratzener Gebirge"; ) are part of the Bohemian Massif and run along either side of the border between the Czech Republic and the Austrian states of Upper and Lower Austria.
Geography.
The low mountain range covers an area of about 20 x 30 km and lies roughly within the triangle formed by the towns of České Budějovice, Freistadt and Gmünd.
Its highest mountain is the Viehberg near Sandl which reaches 1,112 metres, but another 16 mountains exceed 1,000 metres in height. Of these, 13 lie on Austrian soil and 3 in Bohemia.
The area of the mountains on the Czech side of the border is 162 km². Their highest point is the Kamenec ("Steinberg", ) in the Pohorská foothills and in the municipality of Pohorská Ves.
The Freiwald is a major part of the natural region of the "Freiwald and Weinsberg Forest".
The Lower Austrian part of the Freiwald is defined as a rural subregion ("Teilraum") according to the conservation concept of the state.
After "die Wende", a nature park was established called the "Novohradské hory" with many natural attractions like the "Terčino údolí", "Žofínský prales" (Sophien-Urwald) and "Hojná Voda" (Heilbrunn). The region has remained largely unspoilt. As a result of its 
location on the Iron Curtain, the German Bohemians were forced out of the area after the Second World War and it remained inaccessible to tourists. After the border re-opened the trails were waymarked again and tourist infrastructure built.
About three quarters of the region is covered in coniferous and deciduous forest. An almost unabating wind builds up in the autumn often into strong gales.
In the Gratzen Mountains rise the Lainsitz, Malše, Pohořský potok, Strobnitz and Schwarzau rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="56871474" url="?curid=56871474" title="Golden Age comics">
Golden Age comics


</doc>
<doc id="56871480" url="?curid=56871480" title="Kniphofia northiae">
Kniphofia northiae

Kniphofia northiae, the giant red-hot poker, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asphodelaceae, native to the Eastern Cape of South Africa. Growing to tall, it is a robust evergreen perennial with handsome curved leaves resembling an aloe. In spring and summer the stout central stem bears oval flowerheads consisting of many tubular florets packed closely together. Green in bud, the flowers open to a muted red and fade from the base to yellow and brown, thus giving the appearance of a red-hot poker.
"K. northiae" is found above in the mountain grassland of the Drakensberg from the Eastern Cape to KwaZulu-Natal. This species is named after the English botanical artist Marianne North.
"K. northiae" is valued in horticulture for its architectural qualities. It is hardy down to . Slightly larger and more tender than its cousin "K. rooperi" it favours milder locations such as the south west coast of England. It requires a situation in full sun, which is reliably moist but well-drained. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="56871484" url="?curid=56871484" title="Bernstorff Palace Gardens">
Bernstorff Palace Gardens


</doc>
<doc id="56871490" url="?curid=56871490" title="Magali Léger">
Magali Léger

Magali Léger is a contemporary French light soprano.
Biography.
Originally from Guadeloupe, Léger was a student of Christiane Eda-Pierre. In 1999, she won a First prize at the Conservatoire de Paris.
In 2003 she was nominated in the "Révélations" category of the Victoires de la musique.

</doc>
<doc id="56871491" url="?curid=56871491" title="Gratzener Bergland">
Gratzener Bergland


</doc>
<doc id="56871492" url="?curid=56871492" title="Novohradské hory">
Novohradské hory


</doc>
<doc id="56871497" url="?curid=56871497" title="Dhar Khurd">
Dhar Khurd

Dhar Khurd is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 141 houses and the population of 651 of which 338 are males while 313 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 82.97%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 52 which is 7.99% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 926 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 31.18% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 166 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 158 males and 8 females. According to census survey report 2011, 24.10% workers describe their work as main work and 75.90% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56871500" url="?curid=56871500" title="Conolophia nigripuncta">
Conolophia nigripuncta

Conolophia nigripuncta is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Hampson in 1891. It is found in Sri Lanka, the Indian subregion, Myanmar, Indochina and Borneo.
Adults are easily distinguishable by the combination of an oblique postmedial and distal subdorsal black disc on forewings. One subspecies is recognized - "Conolophia nigripuncta rudis" found in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="56871501" url="?curid=56871501" title="James Lavallée">
James Lavallée

James Lavallée (born 6 October 1997) is a Métis sprint kayaker from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He is a Canada Games multiple medalist and a member of the Canadian Junior National Kayak Team. 
Lavallée was the (male) recipient of the 2017 Tom Longboat Awards, awarded annually to the most outstanding male and female indigenous athletes in Canada.
Personal life.
At an early age, Lavallée was diagnosed with both dyslexia and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which led to a frustrating elementary school experience. To relieve the stresses of school life, Lavallée turned to the sport of kayaking at the age of eleven. His family would visit Fort Whyte, in southwestern Winnipeg, during the summers to take advantage of their kayaking program.
Overcoming his earlier learning disabilities, Lavallée is currently an environmental science student at the University of Manitoba. He was also recently named to Manitoba's CBC Future 40, showcasing influential Canadian change-makers under the age of forty.
He is currently a student at the University of Manitoba pursuing a Bachelor of Science degree in Ecology and Environmental Science.
Athletic career.
Lavallée was named the Canadian flag bearer at the 2014 ICF Junior &amp; U23 Canoe World Championships in Szeged, Hungary. Lavallée also attended the 2015 ICF Junior &amp; U23 Canoe World Championships in Milan, racing the K1 200-m Then, at the 2017 Canada Summer Games (hosted in his hometown of Winnipeg) Lavallée won three medals, including a silver in the K1 200-m and two bronzes in the K1 500-m and K4 200-m events (K referring to the number of athletes in the kayak).
His goal is to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2018, he was named a 2019 Indspire Award recipient. 
Heritage.
Although in his family their "Métis heritage was hidden on both sides," Lavallée is an outspoken advocate for indigenous cultural heritage. During medal ceremonies, notably at the 2017 Canada Games, Lavallée would wear his ceinture fléchée (Metis sash) on the podium. One day, he “hopes to introduce more people to kayaking through an Indigenous holistic paddling program he wants to start with a fellow Métis athlete.”

</doc>
<doc id="56871509" url="?curid=56871509" title="2018–19 Borussia Dortmund season">
2018–19 Borussia Dortmund season

The 2018–19 Borussia Dortmund season was the 110th season in the football club's history and 43rd consecutive and 52nd overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga Nord in 1976.
In addition to the domestic league, Borussia Dortmund also participated in the season's editions of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal, and the first-tier continental cup, the UEFA Champions League. This was the 45th season for Dortmund in the Signal Iduna Park, located in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The season covered a period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
Statistics.
Appearances and goals.
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

</doc>
<doc id="56871512" url="?curid=56871512" title="Freiwald">
Freiwald

Freiwald may refer to the following geographical objects: 
Freiwald may also refer to the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="56871514" url="?curid=56871514" title="Spyridon Valettas">
Spyridon Valettas

Spyridon Valettas (1779 - 11 June 1843) was a Greek scholar, a member of the Filiki Eteria and for a short time the first minister of education and ecclesiastics affairs in the short-lived government of Alexandros Mavrokordatos in 1841.
Biography.
He was born in Chora in Ios island and came from a noble family. He was trained initially in Ios and later in Patmos, Sifnos and Constantinople. From 1818 he served in Bucharest as the secretary of the ruler Alexandros Soutsos. He translated many works, some by using a pseudonym. In 1818 he was also introduced to the Filiki Eteria. In 1821 he moved to Transylvania, where he stayed until 1827. From 1827 until 1829 he stayed in Rijeka. In October 1829 he left for Greece, where he arrived in November. He went to Hydra at the assembly against Kapodistrias in August 1831 and in July 1832 he represented Ios to the Fifth National Assembly, as mentioned in the Greek Government Gazette. In 1833 he is in Athens. He translated many literary and political works. He took part in the Government of Mavrocordatos as Minister of Public Education and Ecclesiastics affairs from 24 June to 11 August 1841. He died on 11 June 1843, leaving his fortune to public educational institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="56871560" url="?curid=56871560" title="Pew rental">
Pew rental


</doc>
<doc id="56871562" url="?curid=56871562" title="Muhsin bin Ali">
Muhsin bin Ali


</doc>
<doc id="56871565" url="?curid=56871565" title="Mohsin bin Ali">
Mohsin bin Ali


</doc>
<doc id="56871567" url="?curid=56871567" title="Chantiers Navals Français">
Chantiers Navals Français

Chantiers Navals Français was a French shipbuilding company founded in 1917 located in Blainville-sur-Orne in the port of Caen.
The company mainly built merchant ships but also built destroyers and submarines for the French Navy between 1924 and 1933 and the destroyers and ORP Burza for the Polish Navy.
The yard closed in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="56871569" url="?curid=56871569" title="Mohsin ibn Ali">
Mohsin ibn Ali


</doc>
<doc id="56871570" url="?curid=56871570" title="Owatonna City and Firemen's Hall">
Owatonna City and Firemen's Hall


</doc>
<doc id="56871571" url="?curid=56871571" title="Pew rentals">
Pew rentals


</doc>
<doc id="56871579" url="?curid=56871579" title="Linton Maina">
Linton Maina

Linton Maina (born 23 June 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Hannover 96.
Career.
Maina made his professional debut for Hannover 96 on 18 March 2018, coming on as a substitute for Marvin Bakalorz on matchday 27 of the 2017–18 season of the Bundesliga in a 0–1 away loss against Borussia Dortmund.
Personal life.
Maina was born in Berlin to a Kenyan father and a German mother.

</doc>
<doc id="56871580" url="?curid=56871580" title="Corymica specularia">
Corymica specularia

Corymica specularia is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Frederic Moore in 1867. It is found in Sri Lanka, India and Taiwan.
It is generally a yellow moth with brownish tips of the forewings. Two subspecies are recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="56871586" url="?curid=56871586" title="Jaynagar Mojilpur">
Jaynagar Mojilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56871591" url="?curid=56871591" title="Faugli Mawa">
Faugli Mawa

Faugli Mawa is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot and . The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, the village has a total number of 94 houses and the population of 430 of which 221 are males while 209 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 82.47% highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 65 which is 15.12% of total population of the village and child sex ratio is approximately 857 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 33.49% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 117 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 109 males and 8 females. According to census survey report 2011, 84.62% workers describe their work as main work and 15.38% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="56871598" url="?curid=56871598" title="Chantiers Naval Français">
Chantiers Naval Français


</doc>
<doc id="56871619" url="?curid=56871619" title="I Feel So Bad">
I Feel So Bad

I Feel So Bad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871622" url="?curid=56871622" title="Jeannetje Joanna Schaft">
Jeannetje Joanna Schaft


</doc>
<doc id="56871623" url="?curid=56871623" title="Robson Rhodes">
Robson Rhodes


</doc>
<doc id="56871627" url="?curid=56871627" title="Marie Yates">
Marie Yates

Marie Yates (born 1940) is a British fine conceptual artist whose artwork centers on addressing female representation and sexual difference in media and society. She was mentored by John Latham and exhibited alongside The Artist Placement Group. She is best known for her landscape works combining installation, text and imagery.
Life and education.
Yates studied fine art at Manchester Regional College of Art from 1957 to 1959. She also pursued Degrees in Fine Art at Hornsey College of Art(1968-1971) and The Royal College of Art (1971-1973). She also studied Social Anthropology at University College London (1977/8), and earned her master's degree in Fine Art from Goldsmith's College of Art in 1981. In 1989 Yates received a Master of Arts Degree from the University of Derby in Photographic Studies.
Marie Yates' artistic career began in the late 1960s, creating abstract paintings in her studio in Cornwall. Rejecting the ideal American Modernist aesthetic, she chose to begin exploring and developing her own perception of Modernism in a societal context. Experimenting with minimal installations, she still felt limited by her status as a female artist. Throughout the 70's the artist turned to the Conceptual art movement and became known for her incorporation of landscape images and text to her works, for which she received much acclaim.
She began teaching fine art and photography in 1971 at a variety of major art colleges in the United Kingdom, including The Royal College of Art, Chelsea College of Arts, and University of the Arts London. She retired from teaching in 1991 and left England to live in Greece that same year, where she has lived since.
Career.
Yates started off as an abstract painter in the 1960s, working in her own studio in St. Ives Cornwall. Seeing the inequalities of the art world at the time she went to school and pursued a degree in Fine Art in an attempt to explore the issue. She turned to the conceptual art movement trying to find a new way of being a woman artist; Many institutions placed dominance primarily on males, leaving female artists in secondary positions. During the early 1970s, she focused on the dynamics between text and image through the use of photography, allowing her to accomplish explorations in landscape, images of other women, representation, and sexual politics. From 1978 onward, her works started taking a turn in the themes of ideology, sexual differences, and fantasy with montages and mixed media. Her work emphasizes her views towards art as a social construction rather than an aesthetic. In the late 1990s she began to expand her explorations in media with digital techniques.
By the 1990s, Yates' work was being exhibited throughout England, taking a part in many major galleries such as Riverside Studios and The Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA, London). She also participated in a number of exhibitions in the US and Europe, including the New Museum. Her works are in the collections of Tate, Arts Council, and The British Council.
Notable Artworks.
The Field Workings (1971-1974).
A project that was conceived in March of the year 1971 after emerging from Hornsey College, an installation project with slides that a documentation of journeys made in the West Country landscape. It was well received by many and led to Yates receiving small grants, commissions and shows for these works that were soon developed into gallery installations.
Starting out from London the initial project lasted three years was made possible by John Latham and his family who would occasionally make their Barn at the Buckfastleigh as a centre. This project consisted of thirteen Field Working Documents, with them being thoroughly planned and researched ahead of time. The research involved heavy studies of the Ordnance Survey Maps, train and bus timetables, and a variety of historical maps. In the process Yates was able to discover remote areas that would have otherwise been likely untouched. This project later influenced other works that involved journeys in different areas of England, Wales, and Scotland. Each of these journeys was accompanied by numerous people.
The main intention was to document an event that did not happen as it was-epiphanous. Yates found importance in constructing a story and used literal and visual narration to express non existent events; the sense that one traveled, one arrived, then left, the place remained the same, as if no one had ever been there. In her later years she began to question the hierarchical relation between the viewer and the artist, never including her own image, began to make it so that one becomes aware of looking and being looked.
George Brecht’s technique in distanciation inspired Yates to use her work to place the viewer in a sense of reality. The use of a realistic atmosphere helped Yates in emphasizing the importance of representation. As a result, the project was able to present tensions between the construction of meaning and representation.
The Field/Music/Performances (1973).
An improvised musical piece based on a score by Marie Yates with primitive forms references, sounds and symbols, as well as natural phenomena such as with Rain in The Face along with several other friends and characters. The work took place at The Midland Group Gallery and was part of the Field Workings Exhibit in the Arnolfini Gallery.
Signals (1975-1978).
"Signals" was constructed for the exhibition Artists Over Land at the Arnolfini Gallery in 1975. This piece marked a significant shift in works of landscape. Curated by Lucy R. Lippard in Chicago and New York, the installation work was formed by three new pieces: A wall, a slide, and a documentation piece. In this piece the spectator held the prime role. While the documentation piece was created beforehand, the wall and slide pieces were made on site. Yates explained that the three parts of the installation and their relationship to one another all stressed the function of time. The part of the artwork that was mounted on the exhibit wall consisted of 28 texts and one color photograph arranged in the perimeter of a rectangle. Yates related this arrangement to that of the four sides of a field.
Image/woman/text (1979).
The creation of this artwork was a response to an invitation by Lucy R. Lippard to the artist to be featured in the international exhibition named ISSUE: Social Strategies by women artists, which exhibited work that dealt with specific social and political issues such as concerns with health, ecology, unemployment, war alienation, schooling and violence against women. "Image/woman/text" consists of a series of photographs on two panels. One of these was xeroxed and painted over as a means of reducing the information to the observer. The second panel used the same images with high gloss and restoring the information that was obstructed on the left panel. It is also important to know that the images chosen by the artist are also documentary images of women. Yates explained these choices in her art piece as way of addressing that often images of women are "notoriously malleable", and subject women to merely becoming "signs emptied of meaning".
The Time and the Energy (1982).
Marie Yates created this photo essay after being invited by photographers Victor Brugin and John Tagg to participate in the first issue of a journal titled Formations, which would be focused on feminist and social cultural theory, history and debate. "The Time and the Energy" was featured in this issue, titled "Formations of Pleasure" and released in 1983. The artist stated that this art piece addressed "filmic pleasures".

</doc>
<doc id="56871631" url="?curid=56871631" title="Granite and Gneiss Plateau">
Granite and Gneiss Plateau

The Gneiss and Granite Plateau (, also called the Granite and Gneiss Highland ("Granit- und Gneishochland"), is one of the five major landscapes in Austria. It forms the "Mühlviertel" and "Waldviertel" in the states of Upper and Lower Austria. Geologically it is the Austrian part of the Bohemian Massif.

</doc>
<doc id="56871633" url="?curid=56871633" title="Women in Sparta">
Women in Sparta


</doc>
<doc id="56871639" url="?curid=56871639" title="Environmental issues in Sydney">
Environmental issues in Sydney


</doc>
<doc id="56871642" url="?curid=56871642" title="Cusiala raptaria">
Cusiala raptaria

Cusiala raptaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1860. It is found in the Indian subregion and Sri Lanka.
The caterpillar is a pest of several crops such as "Albizia procera", "Carissa spinarum", "Cassia fistula", "Dalbergia sissoo", "Eugenia cumini", "Lannea coromandelica", "Mallotus philippensis", "Schleichera oleosa", "Shorea robusta", "Syzygium cumini" and "Xylia xylocarpa".

</doc>
<doc id="56871645" url="?curid=56871645" title="Countess Marion Yorck von Wartenburg">
Countess Marion Yorck von Wartenburg


</doc>
<doc id="56871646" url="?curid=56871646" title="Granite and gneiss plateau">
Granite and gneiss plateau


</doc>
<doc id="56871648" url="?curid=56871648" title="Granite and Gneiss Highland">
Granite and Gneiss Highland


</doc>
<doc id="56871649" url="?curid=56871649" title="Women and World War I">
Women and World War I


</doc>
<doc id="56871656" url="?curid=56871656" title="Jaynagar Mozilpur">
Jaynagar Mozilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56871659" url="?curid=56871659" title="Cusuma flavifusa">
Cusuma flavifusa

Cusuma flavifusa is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by George Hampson in 1893. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56871660" url="?curid=56871660" title="Austrian Gneiss and Granite Highland">
Austrian Gneiss and Granite Highland


</doc>
<doc id="56871661" url="?curid=56871661" title="Francis Atuahene">
Francis Atuahene

Francis Takyi Atuahene (born 8 June 1996) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for USL Championship side Memphis 901.
Career.
Youth &amp; College.
Atuahene played three years of college soccer at the University of Michigan between 2015 and 2017. He left college a year early to sign a Generation Adidas contract with Major League Soccer ahead of the MLS SuperDraft.
While at college, Atuahene played with USL PDL side Michigan Bucks in 2017.
Before college, he attended The Hotchkiss School where he starred for four years, also running track during the spring season. There, he won a New England Championship as a freshman.
Professional.
On 19 January 2018, Atuahene was selected 4th overall in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas, who traded $200,000 of General Allocation Money to Montreal Impact for the SuperDraft pick.
On 2 March 2018, he was loaned to United Soccer League side Oklahoma City Energy. He made his debut on 17 March 2018, scoring the only goal in a 1-0 win over Tulsa Roughnecks.
Atuahene made his debut for FC Dallas on 8 June 2019 in a 2–2 draw against the San Jose Earthquakes in which he scored the equalizing goal 42 seconds into his debut.
On 12 June 2019, Atuahene joined USL Championship side Austin Bold FC on loan until the end of the season.
Atuahene was released by Dallas following their 2020 season.
On 21 April 2021, Atuahene signed with USL Championship side Memphis 901.

</doc>
<doc id="56871662" url="?curid=56871662" title="Kidderminster Free School">
Kidderminster Free School


</doc>
<doc id="56871676" url="?curid=56871676" title="Cusuma vilis">
Cusuma vilis

Cusuma vilis is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1854. It is found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56871677" url="?curid=56871677" title="Lee Ji-hoon">
Lee Ji-hoon

Lee Ji-hoon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871679" url="?curid=56871679" title="Francis Ashenhurst">
Francis Ashenhurst

 The Ven. Francis Ashenhurst (1729–1795) was Archdeacon of Derby from 1689 until 1704.
Ashenhurst was born in Staffordshire. He matriculated from St Mary Hall, Oxford and was ordained in 1661. He held livings at Wootton Wawen and Kingswinford.

</doc>
<doc id="56871680" url="?curid=56871680" title="2011 Lucan Racing Classic">
2011 Lucan Racing Classic


</doc>
<doc id="56871687" url="?curid=56871687" title="Wirra Wirra, New South Wales">
Wirra Wirra, New South Wales

 Wirra Wirra located at 31°01′25″S 143°07′19″ in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales. .
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape and is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
. The nearest town is Whitecliffs 2 km to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). 
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the adjoining parish during the 1890s.

</doc>
<doc id="56871693" url="?curid=56871693" title="Cyclophora nebulosata">
Cyclophora nebulosata

Cyclophora nebulosata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1862. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The caterpillar is known to feed on "Ficus racemosa".

</doc>
<doc id="56871698" url="?curid=56871698" title="1981-82 Yorkshire Football League">
1981-82 Yorkshire Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56871701" url="?curid=56871701" title="2017–18 WABA League Final Four">
2017–18 WABA League Final Four

Final Four of the "Adriatic League" to be played from 24–25 March 2018 in the Montana, Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="56871703" url="?curid=56871703" title="1981-82 Midland Football League (1889)">
1981-82 Midland Football League (1889)


</doc>
<doc id="56871710" url="?curid=56871710" title="Lucan Racing Classic">
Lucan Racing Classic


</doc>
<doc id="56871715" url="?curid=56871715" title="Junior Monteiro">
Junior Monteiro


</doc>
<doc id="56871721" url="?curid=56871721" title="Ralph DeQuebec">
Ralph DeQuebec

Ralph DeQuebec (born March 24, 1983) is an American ice sled hockey player. DeQuebec made his Winter Paralympics debut during the 2018 Winter Paralympics; winning gold in the mixed tournament.
Biography.
DeQuebec served as a Marine in the Marine Corps in Helmand Province, Afghanistan; losing both of his legs above the knee and having a partial amputation of his little finger and right thumb from a bomb explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="56871726" url="?curid=56871726" title="Pasepallo">
Pasepallo


</doc>
<doc id="56871729" url="?curid=56871729" title="Electronic spectroscopy">
Electronic spectroscopy


</doc>
<doc id="56871730" url="?curid=56871730" title="Lee Ji-hoon (actor)">
Lee Ji-hoon (actor)


</doc>
<doc id="56871733" url="?curid=56871733" title="Cyclothea disjuncta">
Cyclothea disjuncta

Cyclothea disjuncta is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56871739" url="?curid=56871739" title="Wageningen University and Research Centre">
Wageningen University and Research Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56871741" url="?curid=56871741" title="Omaha and Southern Interurban Railway">
Omaha and Southern Interurban Railway

The Omaha &amp; Southern Interurban Railway Company built and operated around 1907 an interurban railway from South Omaha, Nebraska, to Belleview College and Fort Crook, 6 miles south.
Route.
The chosen route required a large amount of grading. For the entire length of the line cuts averaged about 40,000 cu. yds. per mile ( per km), and for several miles the road was a succession of cuts and fills. The deepest cut was midway of the line and was deep. Owing to the peculiar holding qualities of the clay in which the cuts were made, the slope of the banks was made ¼ to 1, which is quite in contrast to the practice of 1½ to 1 elsewhere. R. N. Towl, of Omaha was in charge of the construction.
The line was planned to be extended to Plattsmouth, about south of Fort Crook, the initial southern terminus. This fort was a government post, and usually four or five companies were stationed at it. The line was built on private right of way wide. Fills for single track were wide at the top and cuts were wide at the bottom. Oak ties and 70-lb. per yard (35 kg/m) rails were used.
Electric infrastructure.
Span trolley construction was employed. The poles, which were of cedar, were spaced apart, and those on one side of the track were high enough to carry high-tension cross-arms. The butts were treated with a tar compound, the bi-product obtained in the manufacture of artificial gas. A lightning arrester was installed every quarter mile. 
Initially, power was obtained direct from the direct-current power house of the Omaha &amp; Council Bluffs Street 
Railway Company. As the terminus of the line is from the power house, a booster was employed, which raised the voltage at the power house to 825 Volts. The booster set consisted of two 100-kW Edison bi-polar generators. The winding of the one serving as a motor was unchanged. The voltage of the other has been halved and the amperage doubled by connecting the armature leads so as to give two independent circuits paralleled by the brushes. Plans contemplated a sub-station in South Omaha for the city lines and power for the interurban line to be obtained from this.
Operation.
An hourly service was ordinarily maintained by one car, but during the summer season three were scheduled to be operated. The cars used were long, seated forty-four people, and were equipped with four G. E. 67 motors. They were maintained in the shops of the Omaha &amp; Council Bluffs Street Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="56871747" url="?curid=56871747" title="Dinitrosyl iron complexes">
Dinitrosyl iron complexes


</doc>
<doc id="56871750" url="?curid=56871750" title="Deanie Parish">
Deanie Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56871756" url="?curid=56871756" title="Universidad San Pablo CEU">
Universidad San Pablo CEU


</doc>
<doc id="56871757" url="?curid=56871757" title="Marie Odean Bishop Parrish">
Marie Odean Bishop Parrish


</doc>
<doc id="56871758" url="?curid=56871758" title="Lanjera">
Lanjera

Lanjera is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 207 houses and the population of 1025 of which 527 are males while 498 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 83.31%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 138 which is 13.46% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 747 lower than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 8.39% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 271 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 255 males and 16 females. According to census survey report 2011, 97.5% workers describe their work as main work and 2.95% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56871760" url="?curid=56871760" title="Universidad Miguel Hernández de Elche">
Universidad Miguel Hernández de Elche


</doc>
<doc id="56871761" url="?curid=56871761" title="Derambila lumenaria">
Derambila lumenaria

Derambila lumenaria is a moth of the family Geometridae described by Carl Geyer in 1837. It is found in Sri Lanka, India and Sundaland.
Prominent black dots are found along the wing margins.

</doc>
<doc id="56871765" url="?curid=56871765" title="NASNet">
NASNet


</doc>
<doc id="56871769" url="?curid=56871769" title="Universidad de La Rioja">
Universidad de La Rioja


</doc>
<doc id="56871775" url="?curid=56871775" title="European enslavement of Native Americans in the United States">
European enslavement of Native Americans in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56871780" url="?curid=56871780" title="Deanie Bishop Parrish">
Deanie Bishop Parrish


</doc>
<doc id="56871783" url="?curid=56871783" title="Ichi go ichi e">
Ichi go ichi e


</doc>
<doc id="56871784" url="?curid=56871784" title="1979–80 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings">
1979–80 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings

The 1979–80 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings was made up of two human polls, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various other preseason polls.
AP Poll.
The final writers' poll was released on Tuesday, March 4.
UPI Poll.
The final coaches' poll was released on Tuesday, March 4.

</doc>
<doc id="56871792" url="?curid=56871792" title="Derambila saponaria">
Derambila saponaria

Derambila saponaria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Achille Guenée in 1858. It is found in Sri Lanka, India, Sumatra and Borneo.
Prominent black dots are found along the wing margins. The Taiwan population is sometimes classified as a subspecies - "Derambila saponaria fragilis" or as a separate species - "Derambila fragilis" .

</doc>
<doc id="56871793" url="?curid=56871793" title="Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG 27">
Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG 27


</doc>
<doc id="56871797" url="?curid=56871797" title="Ema Twumasi">
Ema Twumasi

Emmanuel "Ema" Twumasi (born 18 May 1997) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for FC Dallas.
Career.
Youth and college.
Twumasi played two years of college soccer at Wake Forest University between 2016 and 2017. He left college early to sign a Generation Adidas contract with Major League Soccer ahead of the MLS SuperDraft.
While at college, Twumasi played with USL PDL sides Michigan Bucks and GPS Portland Phoenix in 2017, appearing for the latter in the US Open Cup.
Professional.
On 19 January 2018, Twumasi was selected 11th overall in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by FC Dallas. On 2 March 2018, he was loaned to United Soccer League side Oklahoma City Energy. He made his debut on 17 March 2018, appearing as a 60th-minute substitute in a 1–0 win over Tulsa Roughnecks.
On 12 June 2019, Twumasi joined USL Championship side Austin Bold FC on loan until the end of the season. On 6 March 2020, it was announced that the loan would be extended for the 2020 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56871798" url="?curid=56871798" title="Peter Carter (tennis)">
Peter Carter (tennis)

Peter Carter (9 August 1964 – 1 August 2002) was an Australian tennis player and coach. He is widely known as the first and most influential coach of Roger Federer. 
Playing career.
Carter won the 1985 Melbourne Tennis Tournament with Darren Cahill. He reached a career high of 173 in singles and 117 in doubles on the ATP, but his career was hampered by injuries.
Coaching career.
Carter is widely known particularly as the coach of tennis champion Roger Federer. He met Federer when he was 9 and quickly identified him as a future world no 1. Federer has said that “Peter was an incredibly inspirational and important person in my life. He taught me respect for each person. I can never thank him enough.”
Federer won his first Grand Slam event the year following Carter’s death at the 2003 Wimbledon Championships.
Death.
Carter died in a car accident on 1 August, 2002 while on a belated honeymoon to Kruger National Park in South Africa (his wife Sylvia had been recovering from Hodgkin's disease). Carter was in a vehicle which swerved off the road to avoid a head-on collision with a minivan. 

</doc>
<doc id="56871800" url="?curid=56871800" title="Mario Cau">
Mario Cau

Mario Cau is a Brazilian comics artist. One of most prominent works is the webcomic "Terapia" ("Therapy", co-created by Rob Gordon and Marina Kurcis), published from 2011 to 2018, about the psychotherapy sessions of a nameless boy. This webcomic was nominated as best webcomic in Troféu HQ Mix since 2012, winning in 2012 and 2014. Mario also won the 2013 Prêmio Jabuti (the most traditional Brazilian literary award) in "best illustration" and "best school related book" categories by comics adaptation of classic book "Dom Casmurro" (co-created by Felipe Greco).

</doc>
<doc id="56871827" url="?curid=56871827" title="Torcuato Benjumeda">
Torcuato Benjumeda

Torcuato José Benjumeda y Laguada (1757, El Puerto de Santa María – 1836, Cádiz) was a Spanish architect. A disciple of Torcuato Cayón, he was one of the most important Neoclassical architects in Andalusia, designing several of the most prominent buildings in Cádiz. These include the Royal Prison, the Church of St. Peter and St. Paul and the Ayuntamiento (town hall).
Biography.
Torcuato José Benjumeda y Laguada was born in El Puerto de Santa María on 4 January 1757. The son of Miguel Benjumeda and María Laguada (married in the Priory Church, El Puerto de Santa María in 1756). His father was born in Málaga, son of Francisco Benjumea and Ana Francisca de Gálves, and his mother was a native of San Pedayna in Genoa, daughter of Cayetano Laguada and Rosa Bertorela. Baptized on 9 January in the Priory Church, Benjumeda's godfather was the architect Torcuato Cayón. He married Candida Martinez de Pinillos in the church of Iglesia de San Juan Bautista (Chiclana de la Frontera) on 15 August 1789. The couple had five children. The family moved to Cádiz where they lived at 198 Plazuela de la Cruz Verde. Benjumeda was commissioned to design the Cádiz Town Hall. He died in Cadiz on 15 April 1836.
Career.
In 1781, at the age of 24, Benjumeda replaced Torcuato Cayón as "Maestro mayor de obras" (master of works). In 1789 he was appointed "Teniente de Arquitectura de la academia de las Nobles Artes de Cádiz" (assuming responsibility for architecture at the Cádiz academy). His studio was at 169 calle Murguía (today Cánovas del Castillo).
During the Siege of Cádiz, he was a second lieutenant in the artillery battalion (26 September 1809), promoted to lieutenant in 1821 and to captain on 23 December 1829. 
In 1973, he became an "académico de mérito de San Fernando" (honorable academic of San Fernando), president of the Academy of Cádiz and the city's principal architect during the heights of its economic and political splendor. In Cádiz he designed the Puerta de Tuerra, Iglesia del Rosario, Iglesia de San José and Iglesia de San Pablo. He completed the Oratorio de la Santa Cueva, initiated by Torcuato Cayón in 1781. Benjumeda also designed the facade of the town hall, the cemetery, and several private houses. The work best reflecting his Neoclassical style is, however, the Royal Prison (1794).
Outside of Cádiz, he built the Iglesia de San Juan Bautista in Chiclana de la Frontera, and the Iglesia de San José in Puerto Real. He participated in the design of the Casa consistorial de San Fernando and designed the Market and the Pier of Puerto Real. He also created the Neoclassical altar in the Priory Church at El Puerto de Santa María.
A black spot occurred in the life of Benjumeda in connection with the Plaza de Toros of Cadiz in 1820. As city architect, he was relieved of his post and salary until he was rehabilitated in 1824. In 1833, he requested permission from the City Council for a leave of absence on health grounds, as he recovered from a nervous breakdown. His substitute was his son Francisco de Paula, who had been appointed assistant on 30 March 1829.
Torcuato Benjumeda died on 15 April 1836, in considerable debt despite his achievements. He was given a second class funeral and buried in Puertas de Tierra outside the city limits of Cádiz.

</doc>
<doc id="56871830" url="?curid=56871830" title="Munro Parish, New South Wales">
Munro Parish, New South Wales

Munro Parish, New South Wales located at 30°59′34″S 143°13′26″E in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs 2 km away.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56871835" url="?curid=56871835" title="Željko Jovanović (photographer)">
Željko Jovanović (photographer)

Željko Jovanović (Šabac, 2 October 1961) is a notable Serbian newspaper and art photographer.
Biography.
He graduated from the Faculty of Economics in Belgrade in 1987.
Since 1977, he has published tens of thousands of photos and thousands of front pages in domestic and foreign newspapers and magazines, as well as in art, advertising, business and scientific publications.
He has been awarded at international and domestic photographic exhibitions. Independently and collectively exhibited in Serbia and abroad.
As the leading photo reporter and photo editor of the "Politika" newspaper, for which he works since March 1990, he recorded the most diverse events – from wars and demonstrations to the highest state ceremonies, cultural and sports events.
He is a member of "The Applied Artists and Designers Association of Serbia" (ULUPUDS), the "Association of Photographers of Serbia" (UFOS) and the "Serbian Photographic Society" (1946–2011: Photo Association of Yugoslavia).
He devotes special attention to photographing portraits and recording cultural life, artistic creativity and cultural and historical heritage.
He has recorded many cultural events: Vukov sabor, Belgrade International Theatre Festival (BITEF), Belgrade Music Festival (BEMUS), BELEF, Belgrade Jazz Festival, Festival of dance, Film Encounters, Belgrade Book Fair and other events in Serbia and abroad.
He collaborated on theater, film and television projects with most famous authors of Serbia.
He photographed for the prestigious monographs of academician Vladimir Veličković, Mića Popović, Vera Božičković Popović and other fine artists. He is the author of a photo for the monographs of the Faculty of Dentistry in Belgrade, the City Institute for Health Protection of Belgrade, the City of Loznica, corporate profiles, promotional and political campaigns, publications ...
He is also the author of photos for the campaign "Let's preserve the Serbian Language", which, through posters, photographs, videos and other means develops language culture in Serbia and the Republic of Srpska, as well as "Naše Blago" that represents the cultural heritage of Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="56871843" url="?curid=56871843" title="Quiet and Peace">
Quiet and Peace

Quiet and Peace is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Buffalo Tom. It was released on March 2, 2018 under Schoolkids Records. It was their first album in seven years.
Critical reception.
"Quiet and Peace" was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 76, based on 9 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the release a 72 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 7 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="56871844" url="?curid=56871844" title="Dysphania palmyra">
Dysphania palmyra

Dysphania palmyra, the long blue tiger moth or blue day moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Caspar Stoll in 1790. It is found in India and Sri Lanka.
The caterpillar is known to feed on "Carallia brachiata" and "Camellia sinensis". Colouration is very similar to "Dysphania percota".

</doc>
<doc id="56871851" url="?curid=56871851" title="Michael R. Pompeo">
Michael R. Pompeo


</doc>
<doc id="56871855" url="?curid=56871855" title="Terror Reid">
Terror Reid


</doc>
<doc id="56871859" url="?curid=56871859" title="Guisachan">
Guisachan


</doc>
<doc id="56871860" url="?curid=56871860" title="Provincial Medical and Surgical Association">
Provincial Medical and Surgical Association

The Provincial Medical and Surgical Association (PMSA) was founded by Sir Charles Hastings on 19 July 1832 at a meeting in the Board Room of the Worcester Infirmary. It was initially established for the sharing of scientific and medical knowledge. This is now the site of the University of Worcester's City Campus. An audience of 50 doctors was present to hear Hastings propose the inauguration of an Association both friendly and scientific for the sharing of knowledge between doctors. Ten years after its initial meeting the association's membership had grown to 1,350 and it had begun to publish a weekly journal, "The Provincial Medical and Surgical Journal". In 1853 the PMSA extended its membership to London doctors and 1856 transformed itself into the British Medical Association.
The "Provincial Medical and Surgical Journal".
The "Provincial Medical and Surgical Journal" ("PMAJ") was launched in London on 3 October 1840 under the editorship of Drs. Peter Hennis Green and Robert James Nicholl Streeten.
On 3 April 1844 the Journal was relaunched as a new series devoted entirely to the interests of PMSA, and published under the control of its officers and Council, and the editorship of Dr. Streeten, the secretary of the Association.
The journal was merged with the "Association Medical Journal" and appeared as the "British Medical Journal" from 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="56871861" url="?curid=56871861" title="Operation wedding documentary">
Operation wedding documentary


</doc>
<doc id="56871871" url="?curid=56871871" title="Åre (disambiguation)">
Åre (disambiguation)

Åre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871873" url="?curid=56871873" title="Washington State Department of Financial Institutions">
Washington State Department of Financial Institutions

Washington State Department of Financial Institutions is an agency of the State of Washington charged with regulating financial institutions including banks, and prevention of financial fraud such as bank fraud, credit card fraud and payday loan issues. It is authorized by Revised Code of Washington (RCW) Title 43, Chapter 320.
The agency regulates the following types of institutions: under the Division of Credit Unions, credit unions; under the Division of Banks, state-chartered commercial banks, savings banks, savings associations and non-depositary trust companies; under the Division of Consumer Services non-depositary mortgage lenders, servicers and brokers, consumer lenders, and money services businesses; under the Division of Securities, issuers of private placement equity, debt securities, and derivatives products, securities and derivatives broker-dealers, investment advisers, and franchisors.

</doc>
<doc id="56871882" url="?curid=56871882" title="Antoine Crespo">
Antoine Crespo

Antoine Crespo Travesset (born 15 November 1955) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871883" url="?curid=56871883" title="Rosstrevor, New South Wales">
Rosstrevor, New South Wales

Rosstrevor, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
The nearest town is Whitecliffs 2 km to the west.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River.&lt;br&gt; Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, and in 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="56871889" url="?curid=56871889" title="Google Pixel 2016">
Google Pixel 2016


</doc>
<doc id="56871892" url="?curid=56871892" title="Pixel XL 2016">
Pixel XL 2016


</doc>
<doc id="56871900" url="?curid=56871900" title="Bodies corporate">
Bodies corporate


</doc>
<doc id="56871904" url="?curid=56871904" title="Mohammad Hadj Kia Shemshaki">
Mohammad Hadj Kia Shemshaki

Mohammad Hadj Kia Shemshaki (born 1955) is an Iranian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871905" url="?curid=56871905" title="Jean Pépin">
Jean Pépin

Jean Pépin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871908" url="?curid=56871908" title="Dysphania prunicolor">
Dysphania prunicolor

Dysphania prunicolor is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Frederic Moore in 1879. It is found in India and may be found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56871909" url="?curid=56871909" title="Mohammad Shemshaki">
Mohammad Shemshaki


</doc>
<doc id="56871910" url="?curid=56871910" title="Saint (Travis Scott and Quavo song)">
Saint (Travis Scott and Quavo song)


</doc>
<doc id="56871912" url="?curid=56871912" title="Mohammad Hadi Kiashemshaki">
Mohammad Hadi Kiashemshaki


</doc>
<doc id="56871924" url="?curid=56871924" title="Ion Cavași">
Ion Cavași

Ion Cavași (born 5 November 1953) is a Romanian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871932" url="?curid=56871932" title="Ion Cavasi">
Ion Cavasi


</doc>
<doc id="56871938" url="?curid=56871938" title="Akbar Kalili">
Akbar Kalili

Akbar Kalili (born 1956) is an Iranian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871943" url="?curid=56871943" title="Akbar Khalili">
Akbar Khalili


</doc>
<doc id="56871949" url="?curid=56871949" title="Kunisch Mountains">
Kunisch Mountains

The Kunisch Mountains (; , meaning "Royal Forest") is a range that includes part of the Bavarian Forest and the central Bohemian Forest, with its main chain between the Osser and the Zwercheck close to Upper Palatinate. From a geological perspective the Kunisch Mountains occupy a special position, because they are made of mica schist instead of the gneisses and granites that are common elsewhere in the Bavarian Forest. It has good farming soils and heavy precipitation which often falls as snow and ice in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="56871950" url="?curid=56871950" title="Rafael Cañas">
Rafael Cañas

Rafael Cañas (born 5 November 1953) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871952" url="?curid=56871952" title="Jordan Cano">
Jordan Cano

Jordan Cano (born February 3, 1996) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College.
Cano played four years of college soccer at Southern Methodist University between 2014 and 2017, making 75 appearances for the Mustangs. He was named American Athletic Conference’s Defender of the Year in 2017.
Professional.
After Cano graduated from college, he signed a homegrown player contract with FC Dallas on January 11, 2018. He was loaned to United Soccer League side Oklahoma City Energy on March 16, 2018.
Cano was released by Dallas the end of their 2018 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56871956" url="?curid=56871956" title="Rafael Canas">
Rafael Canas


</doc>
<doc id="56871959" url="?curid=56871959" title="Alfréd Kocáb">
Alfréd Kocáb


</doc>
<doc id="56871962" url="?curid=56871962" title="Fernando Reutter">
Fernando Reutter

Fernando Reutter (born 20 May 1958) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in the men's downhill at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56871964" url="?curid=56871964" title="Runs aground">
Runs aground


</doc>
<doc id="56871965" url="?curid=56871965" title="Ectropis bhurmitra">
Ectropis bhurmitra

Ectropis bhurmitra, the tea twig caterpillar, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Francis Walker in 1860. A widespread Asian species, it is found around Indo-Australian tropics from India, Sri Lanka and Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, New Guinea to Australian Queensland and the Solomon Islands.
Description.
The wingspan of the adult is 3 cm. Its ground colour is fawn with a brown fasciations with complex patterns. A blurry dark blotch is found near the middle of each forewing. The caterpillar has a dull, pale yellow dorsum and fuscous ventral side with pink suffusion. A rusty colour appears towards the posterior end. Setae arise from black dots. Pupation occurs within a silken cell woven between leaves.
Biology.
It is a polyphagous species. The caterpillar has been recorded from several plant species of many families. Host plants include "Bombax ceiba", "Terminalia", "Artemisia vulgaris", "Shorea", "Aleurites", "Phyllanthus", "Albizia", "Eucalyptus", "Lantana camara", "Sambucus", "Uncaria gambir", "Cassia", "Indigofera", "Leucaena", "Allium", "Eugenia", "Syzygium", "Champereia", "Grevillea robusta", "Anthocephalus", "Coffea arabica", "Elettaria cardamomum", "Camellia sinensis", "Gliricidia sepium", "Citrus", "Schleichera", "Theobroma cacao", "Taxodium", "Gmelina", "Vernicia montana" and "Tectona grandis".
Caterpillars feed on the epidermis of tender leaves causing holes on leaves. Mature caterpillars tend to feed leaves with small pieces started from margins and then eat the leaf entirely. They are mostly active during early morning and night.
Control.
It is a minor pest of tea. However, caterpillars can be removed by hand picking or other mechanical methods. Adults are attracted to light and pheromones. If the outbreak is heavy, insecticides such as trichlorfon, chlorfluazuron or tebufenozide can be applied to eradicate immature stages of the caterpillar. Using biological control, China has successfully experimented with viruses like nuclear polyhedrosis virus against larval stages.

</doc>
<doc id="56871966" url="?curid=56871966" title="Antonio Erias">
Antonio Erias

Antonio Erias is a Spanish economist, university professor and politician. He is currently president and CEO of "Mercado Ibérico del Gas (Mibgas)", an Organised Gas Market operator or gas hub for the Iberian Peninsula.
Early life and academic career.
Erias was born in Vigo, Spain. He studied economics at Universidade de Santiago de Compostela, from which he graduated with a PhD. He later became professor at Universidade da Coruña, where he was also elected head of the department of applied economics and dean of the faculty of economics and business administration, staying in office from 1 June 1993 to 11 June 1999.
Political career.
Erias started his political career in the Spanish People's Party as candidate to mayor of the city of A Coruña in 1999. He was elected as a local councilor and became leader of the opposition. Soon thereafter he was elected first vice president of the local assembly of A Coruña (province), staying in office until the end of his local mandate in A Coruña in 2003. He then moved into national politics, and was a member of the Spanish Congress (lower house) for the province of A Coruña between 24 March 2004 and 23 October 2014. He resigned early to take up his newly created position of president and CEO of Mibgas, the Iberian gas market operator.

</doc>
<doc id="56871968" url="?curid=56871968" title="Ian Campbell (rapper)">
Ian Campbell (rapper)


</doc>
<doc id="56871970" url="?curid=56871970" title="Claire Lefilliâtre">
Claire Lefilliâtre

Claire Lefilliâtre is a contemporary French soprano specialising in Baroque music repertoire.
Lefilliâtre collaborates mainly with the ensemble Le Poème Harmonique of Vincent Dumestre.

</doc>
<doc id="56871974" url="?curid=56871974" title="Burdy">
Burdy


</doc>
<doc id="56871982" url="?curid=56871982" title="Jenna Hellstrom">
Jenna Hellstrom

Jenna Hellstrom (born April 2, 1995) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a forward for KIF Örebro in the Damallsvenskan and the Canada national team.
College career.
Hellstrom attended Kent State University, where she played for the Golden Flashes from 2013 to 2016. As a freshman, she was named MAC Freshman of the Year after scoring five goals and recording five assists in 16 appearances. During her second year, she started in all 20 games and finished the season as the leading scorer on the team with seven goals, including three game-winners, and six assists. As a junior, she scored eleven goals and recorded twelve assists in 20 appearances. As a senior, she led the MAC in assists (10) and points (38), while ranking second in goals scored (14). She became the first NSCAA All-American in program history after leading the team to its first-ever Mid-American Conference Tournament (MAC) championship. Hellstrom is Kent State's all-time leader in 12 different career and single-season categories, including goals (37), assists (33), game-winning goals (17) and points (107). Hellstrom graduated with a degree in Sports Administration and Business.
Club career.
FC Rosengård (2017).
Following a stint with Motor City FC of the WPSL, Hellstrom was named to the FC Kansas City preseason roster for the 2017 NWSL season. After being released, she left the United States and on July 4, 2017 she signed a short-term contract with FC Rosengård, who had first expressed interest in Hellstrom in the summer of 2016, when she spent three weeks training with the club. On August 19, 2017, she made her debut in a 1–0 win over Eskilstuna United DFF. On August 27, 2017, she won her first trophy as Rosengård defeated Linköpings FC in the Svenska Cupen final. After a few matches she remarked that the game differed significantly from what she was used to during college in North America, where the focus was only on attacking. Now in Rosengård there was a lot more controlling, going sideways and tactics, which she saw as relaxed.
On November 15, 2017, she made her UEFA Women's Champions League debut in a 1–0 loss to Chelsea. Hellstrom made a total of 9 appearances for Rosengård in all competitions.
Djurgårdens IF (2018).
In December 2017, Hellstrom joined Djurgårdens IF. On February 10, 2018, she made her debut in a 2–0 home victory against Hammarby in Svenska Cupen. On March 18, 2018, she scored her first goal in a 2–1 loss to Rosengård in the Svenska Cupen.
Växjö DFF (2018).
On August 14, 2018, Hellstrom signed with Växjö DFF. On August 26, 2018, she made her debut in a 2–1 win over Vittsjö GIK. On September 8, 2018, she scored her first goal in a 3–2 victory against IFK Kalmar. She made a total of 7 appearances for the side, scoring three goals.
KIF Örebro (2019).
On December 5, 2018, Hellstrom signed a one-year contract with KIF Örebro for the 2019 season.
On July 31, Hellstrom scored 2 goals in a 3–1 win over Djurgården. It would turn out to be her only goals that season, nevertheless it was a successful season for her.
Washington Spirit (2020).
In December 2019, Jenna Hellstrom signed with the Washington Spirit in the NWSL. The length of the contract was not announced per league policy. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic the originally planned league was cancelled. There was later played a compressed cup and series, the 2020 Challenge Cup and the Fall Series respectively.
KIF Örebro (2021).
On 29 December 2020 KIF Örebro announced that Jenna Hellstrom would return to the club for the 2021 season. She expressed joy over returning to Örebro and Sweden, saying it has become her second home after the years in Sweden, was really looking forward to it, and had fond memories of the 2019 season as it went well for her then and led to her being selected to the national team squad for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
International career.
In July 2010, Hellstrom was called up to the under-15 national team for a training camp in the United States. In November 2017, she received her first senior call-up. On March 5, 2018, she made her debut for Canada in a 3–0 win over South Korea in the 2018 Algarve Cup. 
On May 25, 2019 she was named to the roster for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup.
In May 2021 she said she hoped that her good performance in KIF Örebro during the spring would lead her to being selected for the national team squad to the 2020 Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="56871984" url="?curid=56871984" title="WTID">
WTID

WTID may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56871994" url="?curid=56871994" title="Laudo Ferreira Jr.">
Laudo Ferreira Jr.

Laudo Ferreira Jr. (also known as Laudo Ferreira) is a Brazilian comics artist. He began his career in 1983, illustrating for several publishers, as well as working with Advertising and the development of scenarios and costumes for theater. He won the Troféu HQ Mix (most important Brazilian comic related award) in 1995, 2008, 2014, 2015 and 2016. He created the comic adaptations of José Mojica Marins's Coffin Joe movies ("At Midnight I'll Take Your Soul" and "This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse") and several other graphic novels, like "Olimpo Tropical" (published in Brazil and Portugal) and "Yeshuah" (an award winning comic series retelling the life of Jesus based on Bible, apocryphal texts and historical information).

</doc>
<doc id="56872004" url="?curid=56872004" title="Carlos Font">
Carlos Font

Carlos Font Puig (born 27 January 1960) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the 1980 Winter Olympics. He is the brother of alpine skier Miguel Font.

</doc>
<doc id="56872005" url="?curid=56872005" title="Edward Russell (TV Presenter)">
Edward Russell (TV Presenter)


</doc>
<doc id="56872007" url="?curid=56872007" title="The Microstructure of Dynamic Hedging">
The Microstructure of Dynamic Hedging


</doc>
<doc id="56872010" url="?curid=56872010" title="Microstructure of Dynamic Hedging">
Microstructure of Dynamic Hedging


</doc>
<doc id="56872020" url="?curid=56872020" title="Oxenford Studios">
Oxenford Studios


</doc>
<doc id="56872021" url="?curid=56872021" title="Pelvicachromis silviae">
Pelvicachromis silviae

Pelvicachromis silviae is a species of cichlid in the genus "Pelvicachromis". It is found in the Niger River, in the same region as congeners "Pelvicachromis pulcher" and "Pelvicachromis taeniatus".
It was described by Anton Lamboj in 2013. Prior to its formal description it was relatively common in the aquarium fish hobby, denoted as either a subspecies of "Pelvicachromis subocellatus" or as an undescribed species similar to "P. subocelatus", "Pelvicachromis sp. aff. subocellatus." Lamboj concurs that it is more closely related to "P. subocellatus" than to other "Pelvocachromis" species and regards it as part of the "P. subocellatus" group within the genus "Pelvicachromis". Lamboj named "P. silviae" after his wife Silvia, to thank her for supporting his scientific work.
Although similar in appearance to "P. subocellatus" and the more common "P. pulcher", it has a deeper body than either species. The main body color is pale or yellowish brown, with a dark horizontal stripe across the middle of its body and a second dark stripe beneath the dorsal fin. The dark stripes can fade under certain circumstances, such as dominance displays and courtship, and at times vertical bands can appear on the body, particularly while caring for fry. Males have more pointed fins and females have a metallic band on their dorsal fin. Males have a red and white margins on the top of the dorsal fin and on the top rear edge of the caudal fin, and the anal fin is red with many blue dots. The female has a red or purple belly, which becomes brighter and edged in iridescent white or blue during courtship. Males can grow to up to long, excluding the caudal fin.
It is a cave spawner similar to other "Pelvicachromis" species. Soft, mildly acidic water is beneficial for breeding, although they can breed in hard, slightly alkaline water. Both parents guard the eggs and fry until they are 5 to 8 weeks old, although the female does so more intensely. The fry hatch about three days after spawning and are free swimming about eight or nine days later.

</doc>
<doc id="56872022" url="?curid=56872022" title="Mümtaz Demirhan">
Mümtaz Demirhan

Mümtaz Demirhan (born 22 June 1952) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56872024" url="?curid=56872024" title="Little Boy and the Old Man">
Little Boy and the Old Man

"Little Boy and the Old Man" is a song with words and music by Wayne Shanklin, first recorded by Frankie Laine and Jimmy Boyd in 1953.
In 1956, a new version of the song with French lyrics by René Rouzand, "L'Homme et L'Enfant," was used in the soundtrack for the French film of the same name. The French lyrics were subsequently adapted into a third version of the song, "Little Child," released by as well as Eddie Albert and Sondra Lee on Kapp Records in January 1956, their rendition reached number 59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in February 1956. Cab Calloway and his daughter Lael Calloway also released a version on ABC-Paramount which charted at number 62 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in February 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="56872025" url="?curid=56872025" title="Enock Kavindele">
Enock Kavindele


</doc>
<doc id="56872030" url="?curid=56872030" title="Mumtaz Demirhan">
Mumtaz Demirhan


</doc>
<doc id="56872032" url="?curid=56872032" title="Jackson Sargent">
Jackson Sargent

Jackson George Sargent (December 29, 1842 – October 2, 1921) was a United States color-sergeant who fought with the Union Army as a member of Company K of the 5th Vermont Infantry during the American Civil War. He received his nation's highest award for bravery during combat, the U.S. Medal of Honor, for planting the American flag on a Confederate fort at Petersburg, Virginia on April 2, 1865.
Formative years.
Born on December 29, 1842 in Stowe, Vermont, Jackson George Sargent was a son of Jeremiah Sargent (1814–1888) and Sophronia P. (Robinson) Sargent (1814-1886).
He was reared and educated in Stowe, where he resided with his parents and siblings: Henry H., Hannah, and Charles Taylor Sargent.
Civil War service.
 Sargent enlisted as a private in the 5th Vermont Infantry, Company D at Stowe, Vermont in August 1861, and was commissioned as the first lieutenant of Company K of that regiment in May 1865. Engagements during his tenure of service included: the defense of Washington, D.C., Siege of Yorktown (1862), Battle of Williamsburg, Battle of Garnett's and Golding's Farm, Battle of Savage's Station, Maryland Campaign, Battle of Crampton's Gap, Battle of Antietam, Battle of Fredericksburg, Battle of Salem Church, Battle of Gettysburg, Battle of the Wilderess, Battle of Spotsyvlania Court House, Battle of Cold Harbor, Battle of Cedar Creek, Third Battle of Petersburg, and the Battle of Appomattox Court House. He was awarded the U.S. Medal of Honor for his display of gallantry on April 2, 1865, during which he scaled, and placed the American flag on, the parapet of a Confederate fort at Petersburg, Virginia. That award was conferred in October 1891.
Post-war life.
Following his honorable discharge from the military, Sargent returned home to Vermont, where he wed fellow Vermont native Caroline M. (Harlow) Sargent (1842–1895) sometime around 1867. On July 2, 1868, he and "Carrie" welcomed the birth of their son, Fred (1868–1898). Two years later, federal census takers documented the trio as residents of Stowe. By 1880, Sargent was a farmer residing in Hyde Park, Lamoille County, Vermont with Carrie and their children, Fred, Howard, and Walter Merrill (the latter two of whom were born, respectively, circa 1871, and 1875). Also living with them were laborer Henry Peck and dressmaker Hattie Chatman. Still in Stowe as of 1890, the federal census taker that year confirmed his prior service with the 5th Vermont during the American Civil War.
After being widowed by his first wife in 1895, he was also preceded in death by his son, Fred, who passed away in 1898. Sargent then remarried sometime around the turn of the century, taking New York native Clara H. (Douglass) Sargent (1847–1919) as his bride. Still farming in 1910, he and his second wife, Clara, were empty nesters in Stowe that year. By the time of the federal census taker's arrival in 1920, Sargent was still dairy farming, but now a two-time widower living alone with his 67-year-old housekeeper, Martha Warner.
For many years, Sargent was also an active member of the Grand Army of the Republic (H.H. Smith Post).
Suffering from a shock-related illness, Sargent died at his Maple Street home in Stowe on October 2, 1921, and was laid to rest with military honors at the Riverbank Cemetery, where both of his wives were buried. Funeral services were held at his home prior to that interment. Twenty members of the American Legion's Donald McMahon Post served as the honor guard.
Medal of Honor citation.
First to scale the enemy's works and plant the colors thereon.

</doc>
<doc id="56872038" url="?curid=56872038" title="Thomas Karadimos">
Thomas Karadimos

Thomas Karadimos (born 16 October 1953) is a Greek alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56872040" url="?curid=56872040" title="Carnew Emmets GAA">
Carnew Emmets GAA

Carnew Emmets GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Carnew, County Wicklow, Ireland. The club fields teams in both Gaelic football and hurling.

</doc>
<doc id="56872041" url="?curid=56872041" title="Pajrek">
Pajrek


</doc>
<doc id="56872046" url="?curid=56872046" title="Lefferts Boulevard Bridge">
Lefferts Boulevard Bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56872047" url="?curid=56872047" title="Johnny Tapscott">
Johnny Tapscott

Eli John "Johnny" Tapscott (29 April 1928 – 1981) was an English footballer, who played as a Left-Half.
Career.
Starting out at Leeds United, Tapscott would make no senior appearances there. He moved to Wrexham in 1950, where he'd make 172 league appearances in 6 years before moving to non-league Yeovil Town.
Tapscott died in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="56872051" url="?curid=56872051" title="Sene West (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Sene West (Ghana parliament constituency)

Sene West is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It was created before the 2012 Ghanaian general election. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Sene West is located in the Bono East Region of Ghana. It was formed from the Sene constituency which at its inception in 1992, was a constituency in the defunct Brong Ahafo Region. Sene constituency was split into Sene East and Sene West in 2012. The Brong Ahafo Region was also spit into three, Bono, Ahafo and Bono East region. Sene West is now in Bono East.
Boundaries.
The seat is located within the Sene District of the Bono East Region of Ghana.
Elections.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="56872056" url="?curid=56872056" title="Mohammad Kalhor">
Mohammad Kalhor

Mohammad Kalhor (born 1956) is an Iranian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56872073" url="?curid=56872073" title="The Owl &amp; Co">
The Owl &amp; Co

The Owl &amp; Co (also known as "La Chouette &amp; Cie" in French) is a French series of CGI-animated episodes produced by Studio Hari for children's television based on The Owl.
Plot.
The series features The Owl who tries to get some peace and catch caterpillars but has to put up with noisy neighbors and at the end his body splits all apart.
Broadcast.
"The Owl &amp; Co" made its French debut on France 3 in 2013. The series made its English debut on Boomerang UK on 2 May 2015. It ended on 5 November 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56872075" url="?curid=56872075" title="Osser (Kunish Mountains)">
Osser (Kunish Mountains)


</doc>
<doc id="56872088" url="?curid=56872088" title="Technology in Ancient Egypt">
Technology in Ancient Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="56872089" url="?curid=56872089" title="1949–50 Yorkshire Football League">
1949–50 Yorkshire Football League

The 1949-50 Yorkshire Football League was the 24th season in the history of the Yorkshire Football League. A new Second Division was formed for this season.
Division One.
The division featured no new teams (compared to the single division of the season before).
Division Two.
The division featured 18 new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="56872090" url="?curid=56872090" title="Knockbridge GAA">
Knockbridge GAA

Knockbridge GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Knockbridge, County Louth, Ireland. The club is solely concerned with the game of hurling.

</doc>
<doc id="56872091" url="?curid=56872091" title="Khoon Ki Takkar">
Khoon Ki Takkar

Khoon Ki Takkar is a 1981 Hindi action drama film of Bollywood directed by Harish Chawla and produced by P. K. Sharma and Surinder Mohan. This film was released under the banner of Golden Star Movies. Music direction was done by Sonik Omi.
Plot.
Rajan, the son of Thakur Pratap Singh love Rajjo. Rajjo is a nurse in a hospital. Thakur Pratap Singh, the cruel landlord is against their love affairs. Rajan comes to know that his step brother Sheru is also in love with Rajjo. He decides to sacrifice his love. 
Soundtrack.
Music direction of the film was done by Sonik Omi and lead singers of this film were Mohammed Rafi, Asha Bhosle, Aarti Mukherjee and Chandrani Mukherjee.

</doc>
<doc id="56872092" url="?curid=56872092" title="Mefite (disambiguation)">
Mefite (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56872095" url="?curid=56872095" title="Hiram Giles">
Hiram Giles

Hiram Horatio Giles (March 22, 1820 – May 10, 1895) was an American farmer, businessman, and politician.
Biography.
Giles was born in New Salem, Massachusetts. He moved to Erie County, Pennsylvania, and lived on a farm for two years from 1842 to 1844. He moved to the Wisconsin Territory in 1847 and settled on a farm in the town of Dunkirk, Dane County, Wisconsin. In 1852, Giles served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and in the Wisconsin Senate from 1855 to 1858. Giles was a Whig and then a Republican. From 1871 to 1881, he worked for the Milwaukee &amp; Prairie du Chien Railroad as a claims and right of way agent. From 1871 to 1891, Giles served on the Wisconsin Board of Charities and Reform. Hiram Giles died in Madison, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="56872096" url="?curid=56872096" title="Samsung Note5">
Samsung Note5


</doc>
<doc id="56872100" url="?curid=56872100" title="Samsung Note 5">
Samsung Note 5


</doc>
<doc id="56872103" url="?curid=56872103" title="Tangail-4">
Tangail-4

Tangail-4 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2017 by Hasan Imam Khan of the Awami League.
Boundaries.
The constituency encompasses Kalihati Upazila.
History.
The constituency was created for the first general elections in newly independent Bangladesh, held in 1973.
Elections.
Elections in the 2010s.
In late 2014, Abdul Latif Siddiqui was expelled from the Awami League for criticizing the practice of hajj, which he described as a drain on the economy. He resigned from parliament on 1 September 2015. The resulting by-election was delayed by legal wrangling over whether his brother, Abdul Kader Siddique, could be a candidate. The by-election eventually took place in January 2017, and was won by Awami League candidate Hasan Imam Khan.
Abdul Latif Siddiqui was elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="56872104" url="?curid=56872104" title="Samsung Note7">
Samsung Note7


</doc>
<doc id="56872113" url="?curid=56872113" title="Krajíčková">
Krajíčková


</doc>
<doc id="56872131" url="?curid=56872131" title="Stephanie Oursler">
Stephanie Oursler

Stephanie Oursler is a visual artist and political activist born on June 21, 1938 in Baltimore, Maryland. She graduated from literature at George Washington University where she taught for a while. First Director of the Women Center in New York in 1969, National Secretary of the Peace and Freedom Party, candidate 1965-67 and Black Panther activist in 1966-67 . She moved to Italy after having met Vana Caruso, an assistant director, married to the Italian artist Giulio Turcato. In Italy she took part to the feminist group "La Compagnia del Beato Angelico". Active as an artist in 1970s in Italy, she had exhibitions in the Art Gallery of Romana Loda, "Multimedia" at Erbusco. "Happy New Year", in 1975. The artist's book "Un album di violenza", Edizioni delle donne, was published a year later. She had several exhibition in Italy and published many artist's books in the 70s.

</doc>
<doc id="56872143" url="?curid=56872143" title="Kam Ying (constituency)">
Kam Ying (constituency)

Kam Ying is one of the 41 constituencies in the Sha Tin District in Hong Kong. The constituency returns one district councillor to the Sha Tin District Council, with an election every four years.
The Kam Ying constituency is loosely based on Kam Ying Court, Park Belvedere and part of Sunshine City in Ma On Shan, with an estimated population of 16,942.

</doc>
<doc id="56872145" url="?curid=56872145" title="Sajan K. Ram">
Sajan K. Ram

Sajan K., better known as Sajan K. Ram, is a music composer, known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema, with films: "Josettante Hero", "Gunda", "Moonnu Wikkattinu 365 Runs " and "Chennaikoottam". He wrote film score for the movie Papas. He also composed for short films of the awareness programmes of Kerala State Women's Development Corporation, city traffic police and district legal services authority.
Early life.
Sajan K Ram was born to K Kunhiraman and Anandavalli. Since his childhood he learned Karnatik music from his father, who was a music composer at All India Radio. His uncle Gireesh Puthenchery was a noted Malayalam lyricist and scriptwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="56872147" url="?curid=56872147" title="Hot Springs Street Railroad">
Hot Springs Street Railroad

The Hot Springs Street Railroad ran from Hot Springs to the race track.
Handling traffic.
The limited number of streetcars owned by the Hot Springs Street Railroad, together with the fact that all those people attending the races wanted to go to the grounds and return to the city at practically the same time, necessitated the adoption of some unusual methods in handling passengers.
At the race track was a loading yard, which was long by about wide, enclosed in a picket fence high. At one end was a loading shed long and wide, and from which several gates gave 
entrance to the grounds. The loading yards contained storage tracks for twenty-five cars. All the cars going to the races were put in special service and no fares are collected on them. Instead, the fares were collected as the passengers went through the gates leading into the grounds.
At the end of the races about twenty-five cars are waiting in the loading yard and fares are collected as passengers passed through the 
gates. Four cars were drawn up to the loading platform at a time and were started out at close intervals. The method had the great advantage of securing all fares without trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="56872158" url="?curid=56872158" title="Graham Eatough">
Graham Eatough

Graham Eatough (born 1971) is an English theatre director and playwright, based in Scotland. He was a founding member of theatre company Suspect Culture.
Early life.
Eatough was born in Blackburn in 1971. He attended Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Blackburn before studying English and Drama at University of Bristol, where he was a contemporary of Sarah Kane, Simon Pegg, and David Greig, graduating in 1992.
Career.
After graduating university, Eatough relocated to Glasgow and co-founded theatre company Suspect Culture with playwright David Greig and composer Nick Powell. Initially working as a deviser and actor on early productions such as "One Way Street" (1995) and "Airport" (1995), Eatough soon took on the role of director. He remained in that capacity for the remainder of Suspect Culture's shows, including productions such as "Timeless" (1997), "Mainstream" (1999), "Candide 2000" (2000), "Casanova" (2001), "Lament" (2002), and "8000m" (2004). He also served as the theatre company's artistic director.
Suspect Culture disbanded as a theatre company in 2009, after which Eatough continued to work as a freelance theatre maker. His work is often collaborative, especially across different artistic disciplines, such as visual arts and film. In 2012, Eatough and visual artist Graham Fagen created "The Making of Us", a work presented as a live filmic installation at Glasgow's Tramway performance centre, and later released as a film. Fagen had previously worked with Suspect Culture on the visual arts exhibition "Killing Time" in 2006. Eatough collaborated with conceptual artist Simon Starling on "‘At Twilight: A play for two actors, three musicians, one dancer, eight masks (and a donkey costume)’", a production commissioned by The Common Guild in 2016. In 2015, Eatough and Glasgow-based artist Stephen Sutcliffe were awarded the Contemporary Art Society Annual Award to develop two short films based on Anthony Burgess' book series about fictional poet Enderby. The project, entitled "No End to Enderby" was premiered at the Manchester International Festival, and took the form of two short films based on the first and last chapter of the four "Enderby" novels. The films were originally screened at the Whitworth Art Gallery in Manchester in September 2017, and were also shown as part of the Glasgow International Festival in 2018. Eatough directed an adaptation of Naoki Higashida's autobiographical novel The Reason I Jump, which was produced by the National Theatre of Scotland and will be performed at the Children's Wood and North Kelvin Meadow in Glasgow in June 2018.
In 2015, Eatough reunited with Suspect Culture collaborators David Greig and Nick Powell for a stage adaptation of Alasdair Gray's 1981 novel "". The play premiered as part of the Edinburgh International Festival at the Royal Lyceum Theatre in August 2015, before moving to Glasgow's Citizens Theatre.
Eatough's practice-led academic research led to the play "How to Act", which was produced by the National Theatre of Scotland. The play premiered at Summerhall during the 2017 Edinburgh International Festival, and toured across Scotland in March 2018.
He has worked as a lecturer in theatre studies at University of Glasgow since 2012, and was awarded a Ph.D from Lancaster University in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56872160" url="?curid=56872160" title="Gustav Plaut">
Gustav Plaut

"Gustav Plaut" was born on 26 February 1824, the fifth child and third son of Herz C Plaut, and Caroline (née Blach), from Reichensachsen (near Eschwege) on the border between Thuringia and Hesse. He became a banker who funded trade with Russia and Poland as well a number of railways. He also rescued the King of Saxony’s gold and jewels from the advancing Austrian army.
Life and career.
Herz C Plaut, founded the firm H C Plaut (Bankhaus H. C. Plaut) , in 1815. as can be seen in the Nordhausen Directory of 1834, it is listed as a money-changer. The Nordhausen Weekly Journal (Nordhäusische Wöchentliche Nachrichtsblatt) contains an advertisement for the bank that offers to cash winnings from the Bavarian Premium Lottery, and also sell Prussian State Securities.
His father died in 1835 possibly from cholera in an epidemic exacerbated by conditions created by the wars of liberation. Gustav’s mother Caroline took over the running of the business. Gustav left school and entered his mothers bank at the age of 14 as an apprentice , by 1850 he was a partner. Four years later in 1854 he married Bertha Oppenheimer from the Hamburg branch of this family.
The Leipzig branch of the H. C. Plaut Bank financed trade with Russia and Poland, in particular at the annual Leipzig Trade Fair. Later as the railway network spread the bank became involved with its finance for lines between Leipzig to Erfurt and Nordhausen. His work with the railways led to his membership of the board of twelve railway companies. He also became a councillor (stadtverordneter) for the city of Leipzig.
As Gustav’s knowledge and circle of influence grew he became a financial advisor to the rulers of Thuringen including the Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. The Duke offered Gustav the title of Adel (equivalent to Baron in English) for which he would have to pay a fee. After discussion with his son Hugo he declined the title. In 1866 during the wars of liberation, Gustav rescued the gold and jewels of the King of Saxony along with his manservant by hiding the treasure under a stack of potatoes covered by a tarpaulin on a horse drawn cart.
Aged 51 in 1874 Gustav Plaut retired from the bank and ceded control (In Prussia conditions for private banking had been favourable but the formation of the Reich permitted the foundation of new limited companies that made private banking less profitable.) to his business partner Sieskind whose descendants ran the business until the Nazis closed it down.

</doc>
<doc id="56872183" url="?curid=56872183" title="Černá hora (Šumava)">
Černá hora (Šumava)


</doc>
<doc id="56872189" url="?curid=56872189" title="St Anne's Rathangan GAA">
St Anne's Rathangan GAA

St Anne's Rathangan GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Rathangan, County Wexford, Ireland. The club fields teams in Men's and Ladies Gaelic football and hurling.
The St Anne's club has been active, in different forms and names, since the beginning of the GAA in 1884. It originally took the name of Kilmannon in 1886 and down through the years had the names of Brownstown, Baldwinstown, Duncormick, Cleariestown, Redmoor and Scar representing the parish, sometimes even against one another. The name St Anne's was first mooted in the parish in 1932 and with a few brief exceptions that name has stayed with the club ever since.
Adult success was scarce enough until in 1966, when we won the junior football county title followed by the senior in 1968. This was helped greatly by the amalgamation with Kilmore in underage and all the success that it brought. Our own single parish successes in underage in the eighties and nineties in hurling and football culminated in the great senior double in 2000 and a senior football title in 2001.
The present club has changed greatly, for the better, in the last 20 years with the great club development in buildings, pitches and the new hurling facilities which the people of the parish have stood strongly behind with financial and general support. The whole community is now involved and the ladies football and camogie teams have enhanced the club even further. An active parish is a happy parish and long may it remain so.
The youth is much more involved now looking after the many underage teams in all grades and as experienced in the very successful Walkathon in Summer 2017 which encompassed mental health also. The schools had always played their part in Gaelic games in the parish and with the amalgamation of the four of them in 1971 it got even better culminating in several Rackard league victories in both codes leading to even more senior titles in football in 2012 and 2014.
February 2018 the history of the GAA in the parish, all 133 years of it, aptly named "October 2000" was launched, in a 516 page book, in the GAA centre.
In 2019, St Anne's started playing rounders at underage and entered both boys' and girls' rounders teams in the All-Ireland Feile in Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="56872192" url="?curid=56872192" title="Schwerelos">
Schwerelos

Schwerelos (English: "Weightless") is the twelfth studio album by German schlager singer Andrea Berg. It was released on 22 October 2010 in Germany and soon after in Austria and Switzerland. According to its certifications, the album has sold over one million copies.
Background.
In early 2010, Andrea Berg and her longtime producer Eugen Römer announced the end of their collaboration. According to Römer, he was having health problems and had decided to put off working with Berg for an undetermined amount of time. At her label's request, Dieter Bohlen was chosen to produce the album. Initially, Berg was sceptical about this choice, but met with Bohlen in Mallorca following her husband's advice. She was convinced by the song "Ich liebe dich" (English: "I Love You"), which was written by Bohlen and which he had presented to her during their meeting. She said: "When I heard it, I thought to myself: 'Someone who can compose such a song and who writes such lyrics has exactly the emotionality I need'." According to Berg, the switch to Bohlen radicalised her style a little bit, but "Schwerelos" is still a typical Andrea Berg album. Bohlen composed the songs and provided Berg with some lyric fragments that she used to write the final lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="56872196" url="?curid=56872196" title="Dongan">
Dongan


</doc>
<doc id="56872200" url="?curid=56872200" title="Pierre Bourgarit">
Pierre Bourgarit

Pierre Bourgarit (born 12 September 1997) is a French rugby union player. His position is hooker and he currently plays for Stade Rochelais in the Top 14.

</doc>
<doc id="56872209" url="?curid=56872209" title="Subsistence pattern">
Subsistence pattern

A Subsistence Pattern – alternatively known as a subsistence strategy – is the means by which a society satisfies its basic needs for survival. This encompasses the attainment of nutrition, water, and shelter. The five broad categories of subsistence patterns are foraging, horticulture, pastoralism, agriculture, and industrial food production.
Foraging.
Foraging is the oldest subsistence pattern, with all human societies relying on it until approximately 10,000 years ago. Foraging societies obtain the majority of their resources directly from the environment without cultivation. Also known as Hunter-gatherers, foragers may subsist through collecting wild plants, hunting, or fishing. Hunter-gatherer communities are frequently small and mobile, with egalitarian social structures. Contrary to the common perception of hunter-gatherer life as precarious and nutrient-deficient, Canadian anthropologist Richard Borshay Lee found that "with few conspicuous exceptions, the hunter-gatherer subsistence base is at least routine and reliable and at best surprisingly abundant."
Horticulture.
Horticultural societies typically engage in small-scale gardening with simple tools. These methods allow for higher population densities, but still depend on the availability of plentiful, undeveloped land. A common type of horticulture is slash-and-burn cultivation, wherein regions of wild foliage are cut and burnt, producing nutrient-rich biochar in which to grow crops. Traditional, small-scale slash-and-burn cultivation – such as that practiced by the Guaraní people in South America – can be efficient and sustainable, with the natural environment eventually reclaiming and reintegrating old garden plots.
Pastoralism.
Pastoralism is the herding and breeding of domestic animals. Pastoralism is common in arid geographic regions, or those with inconstant and fluctuating rainfall. In such places, raising herbivores is often a more reliable lifestyle than farming, and the livestock convert wild vegetation that is indigestible to humans into meat and dairy products. Pastoral communities are generally nomadic to accommodate for the needs of their herds as the seasons and the availability of pasture changes. Pastoralism remains fairly popular today, with 21 million pastoralists in Africa and Asia alone.
Agriculture.
Agriculture is the intensive maintenance and cultivation of land for food production. It is distinct from horticulture in its use of more diverse and complex technology to plant, irrigate, plow, fertilize, and harvest from considerably larger tracts of land. Agriculture may also involve raising livestock, with variants ranging from mixed farming to exclusive ranching. Agrarian societies are often larger and more complex than foraging, horticultural, or pastoral ones; the combination of high carrying capacity and stationary farmsteads enables dense populations and the development of cities peopled with nonproducing specialists.
Industrial Food Production.
Industrial food production is a variation of agriculture common among industrial societies. It is characterized by even greater, energy intensive use of modern mechanical, chemical, and biological technologies to maximize production. Only a small fraction of people in industrial societies are farmers, the rest obtain money to buy their food by engaging in the complex business and service economy. A significant part of the energy cost of industrial food production arises from the packaging and shipping of products to the increasingly urban consumer base. The energy costs, pesticide use, and widespread erosion implicit in many forms of industrial food production have led to concerns about its long-term sustainability as a pattern of subsistence.

</doc>
<doc id="56872213" url="?curid=56872213" title="Sam Brand (cyclist)">
Sam Brand (cyclist)

Samuel Neal Brand (born 27 February 1991) is a Manx cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Brand was diagnosed with diabetes at the age of 10. In 2018, he joined the UCI Professional Continental team , after riding with the team as a stagiaire in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56872217" url="?curid=56872217" title="Subsistence strategy">
Subsistence strategy


</doc>
<doc id="56872234" url="?curid=56872234" title="Mount Seattle">
Mount Seattle

Mount Seattle is a peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska in the United States. It was named for the city of Seattle, home of the "camp hands" of a 19th-century National Geographic Society–United States Geological Survey scientific expedition to the Hubbard Glacier and Mount Saint Elias. It is called the "most prominent Alaskan coastal peak" and blocks sight of larger inland peaks, even Mount Logan nearly twice its height.
It was first ascended in May 1966 by Fred Beckey, Eric Bjornstad and four other climbers.

</doc>
<doc id="56872239" url="?curid=56872239" title="Kirsty Mackay">
Kirsty Mackay

Kirsty Mackay is a Scottish documentary photographer living in Bristol. Her first book is "My Favourite Colour Was Yellow" (2017). In 2017 Mackay won the Rebecca Vassie Memorial Award.
Life and work.
Mackay was born in Glasgow. She studied photography at Glasgow College before leaving for New York City and London, to work as a photographer's assistant. She gained an MA in Documentary Photography from the University of Wales, Newport.
Mackay's first photo-book, the self-published "My Favourite Colour Was Yellow" (2017), documents the bias for the colour pink amongst girls in the UK.
In 2017 Mackay won the Rebecca Vassie Memorial Award, mentoring and a bursary of £1250 to help in making her project "The Fish that Never Swam". The award is to help early-career photographers develop their careers. Mackay's project is in response to the Glasgow effect, "the impact housing and overcrowding has on the life expectancy of Glaswegians".

</doc>
<doc id="56872240" url="?curid=56872240" title="Shamik Ghosh">
Shamik Ghosh

Shamik Ghosh ( born 16 January 1983) is an Indian author writing in Bengali. He has won the prestigious Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar (Indian National Academy of Letter's Youth Prize) in 2017 in Bengali for his debut short story collection "Elvis O Amolasundari" His shorty 'Half Timer Pawre' from the collection was selected by Hervill Secker, an imprint of Vintage, Penguin Random House, U.K for the Harvill Secker Young Translators’ Prize 2018. The story was published in Granta online He has been awarded the Ila Chanda Smriti Puraskar by the oldest literary Institution of India, Bangiya Sahitya Parishad. and Somen Chanda Smriti Smarok by West Bengal Bengali Academy in 2019.
Early life.
Shamik Ghosh was born in Kolkata, West Bengal India to University Professor father Alok Kumar Ghosh and mother Dipika Ghosh. His family moved from Jessore of present day Bangladesh during the Partition of India. Shamik spent his early childhood in a mixed locality surrounded by slums and befriended slum children. He studied in one of the best schools of Kolkata, South Point High School and as such was exposed to people from varied sections of the society from an early age.
Shamik did his undergraduate studies in Physics from Calcutta University. He was involved in politics in his university days. His debut short story Ghola was published in prestigious Bengali Literary Magazine "Desh" at this time.
After graduation, Shamik joined a Private Sector Bank in Kolkata. After a small stint he moved and joined another PSU Bank and was posted in Ahmedabad and then went to Mumbai in the Corporate Strategy and Communication Department of the same Bank. As a Corporate Communication professional he had access to the upper reaches of Mumbai and yet, the trains he traveled on, journeyed through some of the poorest urban areas of India. He decided to take up writing once again. His second short story, a decade after the first, got published in a Bengali daily. In 2014, Shamik left his job and returned to Kolkata to concentrate on writing and film-making.
Literary style.
The writing of Shamik Ghosh is characterized by short sentences, vividly visual description and continuous changes of time and space. Some argue that he delves into postmodern fiction. He doesn't believe in the normal interpretation of reality and wants to bend reality to reveal unseen elements of our own hidden self. He speaks about loners in the society, each unique with a distinct marginality.

</doc>
<doc id="56872262" url="?curid=56872262" title="Kunish Mountains">
Kunish Mountains


</doc>
<doc id="56872265" url="?curid=56872265" title="Hovorková">
Hovorková


</doc>
<doc id="56872266" url="?curid=56872266" title="Osser (Kunisch Mountains)">
Osser (Kunisch Mountains)


</doc>
<doc id="56872268" url="?curid=56872268" title="Hybrid lithium-ion capacitor">
Hybrid lithium-ion capacitor


</doc>
<doc id="56872275" url="?curid=56872275" title="Bounty Seamount">
Bounty Seamount

Bounty Seamount is a seamount in the Pacific Ocean, which reaches a depth of or . It is about high.
Geology and geomorphology.
The seamount is part of a group of seamounts about away from Pitcairn Island, which includes several small seamounts and the large Adams Seamount. These seamounts were discovered in 1989.
Bounty has a conical shape, with three summit cones and several rift zones. Pillow lavas and hyaloclastite cover its slopes, and parasitic vents can be observed as well. The volcano has a volume of about and has a width of at its foot. Bounty has erupted rocks with compositions of alkali basalt, trachyandesite and trachyte.
Eruption history.
Bounty Seamount was formed in several stages, and it could have developed over a time of 58,000 years. Alkali basalts from Bounty have been dated by potassium-argon dating to be 344,000 ± 32,000 years before present. Nevertheless, traces of recent volcanic activity and of hydrothermal venting have been found.
This hydrothermal venting manifests itself by the release of low-temperature fluids and the formation of iron-rich crusts. Temperatures of vented fluids amount to .

</doc>
<doc id="56872277" url="?curid=56872277" title="Hybrid lithium ion capacitor">
Hybrid lithium ion capacitor


</doc>
<doc id="56872278" url="?curid=56872278" title="List of famous children's books">
List of famous children's books


</doc>
<doc id="56872282" url="?curid=56872282" title="Hathi mera village">
Hathi mera village


</doc>
<doc id="56872284" url="?curid=56872284" title="Francis Esmond Reynolds">
Francis Esmond Reynolds

Francis Esmond Reynolds FRSE (1882–1967) was a 20th-century British pathologist and medical author.
Birth and education.
Esmond Reynolds was born in Ilkley in Yorkshire on 17 July 1882. His family moved to Birmingham whilst he was still young. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham.
He studied medicine at Edinburgh University, qualifying as a Licentiate in Midwifery of the Coombe Hospital in Dublin in 1907, and graduating MB, ChB in 1908. He then undertook postgraduate studies under Prof Wassermann in Berlin, and in Brussels. He was employed as Assistant to the Professor of Pathology in Edinburgh, 1911–1912.
Career.
In 1913 he was appointed Senior Medical Officer, Taheiho in China, and joined the Manchurian Plague Prevention Service in May, 1913, to commence work as Bacteriologist, stationed at Harbin. He resigned in December 1914, to return to Europe to join the armed forces.
He attained the rank of captain in the Yorkshire Hussars and Royal Army Medical Corps during the First World War, serving in Salonika, the Caucasus, and Asia Minor with the 27th Division. For a time he commanded the 28th Mobile Bacteriological Laboratory at Baku.
During 1919-1920 he held the appointment of Professor of Pathology in the Qasr El Eyni School of Medicine, Cairo, before returning to Edinburgh to join the Department of Pathology in the University as Senior Lecturer under Professor Lorrain Smith. He was remembered as a successful teacher of undergraduates who made a considerable impression on his students. He was also an eminent histopathologist. Subsequently, he was appointed Director of the Scottish Mental Hospitals' Laboratory and first Lecturer on Neuropathology in Edinburgh University. 
He received a Diploma in Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (DTMH) from Cambridge University in 1920, and ten years later, in 1930, was elected MRCP, Edinburgh and awarded the MD (Edinburgh), with Gold Medal.
In March, 1932, he was appointed Pathologist at Stobhill Hospital and other general hospitals controlled by the Glasgow Corporation.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh in 1937.
In 1941 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Edward Hindle, John Walton, John Glaister and George Walter Tyrrell.
Personal life and death.
Reynolds was married in St Giles Cathedral, Edinburgh on 17 November 1926 to Caroline Mary Bruce Balfour.
He died in Rothesay on 10 April 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="56872285" url="?curid=56872285" title="François de Vendôme, vidame de Chartres">
François de Vendôme, vidame de Chartres

François de Vendôme, Vidame de Chartres (1522 – 22 December 1560), was a successful soldier and glamorous courtier who figures in accounts of the brilliant but decadent French court of the 1550s.
In the 1540s and early 1550s he fought in the Italian Wars, including the Battle of Ceresole in 1544 and Siege of Metz in 1552-53, and became regarded as a good commander. 
The account in the colourful memoirs of Brantôme (1540–1614) places him in the centre of intrigues with Queen Catherine de' Medici (1519–1589), Diane de Poitiers (1499–1566), and the Guise brothers, Francis, Duke of Guise (1519–1563), Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine (1524–1574) and Claude, Duke of Aumale (1526–1573), with all of whom he was at odds by the end of his life. Although apparently not a Huguenot himself, he became attached to the Huguenot convert Louis, Prince of Condé (1530–1569) as the strongest anti-Guise figure. The Vidame was imprisoned in the Bastille after the Amboise conspiracy of 1560, in which he seems not to have been involved, and died days after the death of Francis II of France, which would probably have led to his release.
Fictionalized versions of him appear in several works in various media, the first and most important of which is as a major character in "La Princesse de Clèves", an anonymous French novel published in 1678, over a century after his death.
Life.
François de Vendôme was wealthy and well-connected, his properties including the imposing medieval Château de la Ferté Vidame, built by the Vendômes. He also claimed the title "prince de Chabannais", but was and is usually known as the Vidame de Chartres. He distinguished himself as an infantry commander in the battle of Ceresole in Piedmont on 11 April 1544, during the Italian War of 1542–46, a French victory over the Habsburgs, which their commander Francis, Count of Enghien, a cousin of François de Vendôme, failed to follow up by taking Milan.
He was keen on maintaining contemporary standards of honour. According to the Florentine artist Bartolommeo Bandinelli (1493 – c. 1560) in his memoirs, the Vidame fought a duel with a Florentine noble, having said that the Florentine nobility had degraded their status by taking excessive interest in the manual arts of painting and sculpture. Another story, told by Brantôme, has a Spanish nobleman travelling to France to challenge the Vidame to a duel, having heard he was the most "parfait chevalier" in Europe. The duel took place in Italy, where the Vidame arrived with a hundred gentlemen, all wearing the same magnificent clothes, including a gold chain looped three times round their necks.
In 1549 he was sent to England as one of the hostages given by the French in connection with the Treaty of Boulogne with Edward VI of England. Another of the hostages was the young Claude, Duke of Aumale (1526–1573) of the House of Guise, who with his brothers Francis, Duke of Guise (1519–1563) and Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine (1524–1574), was to lead the Catholic party in France over the following decades. Aumale and Vendôme became friendly, and at this stage of his career he was a supporter of the Guises.
According to Brantôme's account, he dazzled the English court with a banquet he hosted, where a sea-voyage was theatrically presented, including a rain storm of sweets (candies) falling from above. This was a fashionable effect in continental courts, first recorded at the wedding of Cosimo I de' Medici in Florence in 1539, and mentioned in 1549 for the festivities as Mary of Hungary welcomed the future Philip II of Spain to the Netherlands at Binche Palace. 
On 8 September 1550 he was given a passport to travel to Scotland. At this time, Scotland was a different country ruled by Regent Arran on behalf of Mary Queen of Scots, then a child. Mary of Guise, the sister of his new allies, was the queen's mother. Arran hosted a banquet on his arrival in Edinburgh. He travelled with thirty servants and Laurence Hussey acting as his harbinger to prepare his lodgings. He went as far as Inverness, where on a hunting trip with "the savage inhabitants of the area" ("des sauvages habitants du pays"), he joined them in eating the still "palpitating" flesh of their prey.
His old commander, the Count of Enghien, had died in 1546, and by Vendôme's next major action, the siege of Metz by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor in 1552–53, he was commanded by Francis, Duke of Guise, later to become Vendôme's implacable enemy. Vendôme again distinguished himself, and in 1557 he replaced a dead cousin as commander or "colonel-general" of the "bandes Piedmontese", or French infantry of Piedmont, a force who in 1545 had conducted the Massacre of Mérindol.
The next year he was appointed the governor of Calais, which the French had finally regained after centuries of English rule. After a period he resigned his offices, and retired from court. According to Brantôme he had refused a marriage with Louise, the daughter of Louis de Brézé and Diane de Poitiers, because of the taint of bastardy in the family, then taken very seriously; Louis de Brézé was the grandson of King Charles VII of France by his natural daughter with his mistress Agnès Sorel. In addition Diane de Poitiers, now widowed, was the mistress of Henry II of France. In so doing, he infuriated Diane de Poitiers and alienated her allies, the Guises. He had also annoyed the queen by rejecting a bride she had chosen for him from her ladies. He had made a further powerful enemy in the Maréchal Brissac (1505/06—1563), when Brissac was opposed to the Guises. When Diane de Poitiers reconciled them, the Vidame was not included in the new alliance.
Henry II died at the age of 40 in 1559, and was succeeded by his son, the 15 year-old Francis II of France, who was already married to Mary, Queen of Scots. His uncles-in-law the Guise brothers had enormous power, dominating the king's mother, Queen Catherine de' Medici. François de Vendôme had previously been allowed to have some sort of courtly romantic relationship with the queen, probably not amounting to an actual sexual relationship, but was now cast off, as Catherine needed to work with the Guises. The Vidame was now alienated from the dominant figures at court, and allied himself with Louis, Prince of Condé as the leader of the opposition to the Guises, which mainly came from the Huguenots.
He is said to have unwisely signed a letter placing himself at the service of Condé for anything that did not harm the king and his family. This fell into the hands of the Guises, and he was arrested, like Condé, after the abortive Huguenot Amboise conspiracy of March 1560, in which he does not seem to have taken part. François de Vendôme was thrown into the Bastille and harshly treated, so that his health declined. It looked like everything had changed on 15 December, when the king died, to be succeeded by his brother, the 11 year-old Charles IX of France. The Guises lost most of their power, and this time the king's mother became regent, releasing Condé and others of his supporters. But this came too late for the Vidame, who died soon after – whether before or just after his release has been the subject of discussion, as the evidence is contradictory.
When Vendôme died without issue the title passed to Jean de Ferrières (1520–1586), a leading Huguenot politician and military commander in the French Wars of Religion, who was forced to spend periods in exile in England.
Later literary depictions.
François de Vendôme, always referred to as the Vidame de Chartres, is a major character in "La Princesse de Clèves", an anonymous French novel published in March 1678, over a century after his death, which mixes fictionalized historical characters and purely fictional ones. It is regarded by many as the beginning of the modern tradition of the psychological novel, and as a great classic of French literature. Its author is generally held to be Madame de La Fayette. The action takes place between October 1558 and November 1559 at the court of Henry II of France, and the account of the Vidame largely agrees with that of Brantôme. The Vidame, portrayed as a dashing figure at court, is the uncle of the fictional heroine, who becomes "princesse de Clèves" on her marriage.
One of a number of stories which interrupt the main plot is that of the Vidame, concerning a letter which drops from his clothes when he is playing tennis. A bystander thinks it was dropped by his opponent, the Duke of Nemours, and gives it to him. The letter would reveal that, contrary to his assurances to Queen Catherine, the Vidame has continued with at least one other mistress. In the end the heroine and Nemours get together to write a second letter, to pass off to the queen. But this does not convince her, and she turns against the Vidame.
The Vidame was further depicted, in similar terms, in "Catherine De Medici" by Honoré de Balzac, as "the first and only amour" of the widowed queen.

</doc>
<doc id="56872286" url="?curid=56872286" title="Hybrid LIC">
Hybrid LIC


</doc>
<doc id="56872301" url="?curid=56872301" title="Peter Frank (jurist)">
Peter Frank (jurist)

Peter-Herbert Frank (born 5 May 1968) is a German jurist who has been serving as Public Prosecutor General since 5 October 2015. Prior to this, he served as Attorney General of Bavaria in Munich.
Career.
Frank was born in Lauda, and studied legal theory at University of Würzburg. During his studies, he joined the conservative Catholic Studentenverbindung Cheruscia Würzburg, which is associated with the Cartellverband. He completed both "Staatsexamen" in Würzburg with the highest possible marks. He was awarded a Doctor of Law from the University of Würzburg in 1995 in Criminal Law and Criminal Procedure. His doctorate was titled "Die Verwertbarkeit rechtswidriger Tonbandaufnahmen Privater" regarding the usability of illegal tape recordings by private persons.
In April 1995, Frank joined the Bavarian State Ministry of Justice, and over the next twenty years was rotated through a number of roles, spending a short period as State's attorney for the State's Attorney's Office of Munich I. Frank then was a member of the Bavarian "Landesvertretung", representing the interests of the federal state of Bavaria to the federal government. After this, he was a judge for the first district court of Munich. In November 2006, he returned to the Bavarian Ministry of Justice, serving under Beate Merk with roles in the personnel department and leadership. From February 2010 through September 2011, he was a judge at the Higher Regional Court of Munich. In October 2011, Frank returned to the Bavarian State Ministry of Justice, where he headed the personnel department, where he was involved in or responsible for all important hires, promotions, and relocations. In March 2015, Frank was promoted to Attorney General of the Higher Regional Court of Munich. 
The government of Bavaria had planned to suggest Frank as Public Prosecutor General at the next scheduled change, which was planned for early 2016. However, Frank was nominated to the position in August 2015 by Federal Minister of Justice and Consumer Protection Heiko Maas, after Harald Range was forced to retire in the wake of the "netzpolitik.org" "Treason" scandal. 
Since 2007, Frank has been the editor of the Citizen's Handbook, published by the Federal Agency for Civic Education.
Private life.
Frank is a practicing Roman Catholic. His wife is from Margetshöchheim and teaches mathematics and physics. Together they have two daughters and one son.

</doc>
<doc id="56872306" url="?curid=56872306" title="Steven Van de Velde">
Steven Van de Velde


</doc>
<doc id="56872321" url="?curid=56872321" title="Cable &amp; Wireless">
Cable &amp; Wireless

Cable &amp; Wireless refers to three telecommunications businesses:

</doc>
<doc id="56872325" url="?curid=56872325" title="André Diniz">
André Diniz

André Diniz (Rio de Janeiro, September 5, 1975) is a Brazilian comics artist. He began working with comics in 1994 with the fanzine "Grandes Enigmas da Humanidade", which had a circulation of 5,000 copies.
Diniz's first professional works were in 1997 and 1998, when he participated in two projects of Taquara Editorial: "Tiririca em Quadrinhos" and "O Estranho Mundo de Zé do Caixão", respectively comics adaptations for the clown Tiririca and the movie character Coffin Joe, created by the filmmaker José Mojica Marins. In 1999, Diniz released his first independent comic: "Subversivos", about the armed struggle against the Brazilian military dictatorship.
In 2000, Diniz created the publishing house Nona Arte, initially destined to publish his own works, but that later began to publish books of other independent Brazilian artists. The first graphic novels released by Nona Arte were "Fawcett" (inspired in Percy Fawcett, pencils by Flavio Colin) and "Subversivos - Companheiro Germano" (pencils by Laudo Ferreira Jr.). Both books had scripts by Diniz. In 2001, "Fawcett" won Troféu HQ Mix and Prêmio Angelo Agostini, respectively in the categories "best national graphic novel" and "best new release".
Nona Arte provided its comics in digital format through PDF files free of charge, even those that were sold printed. Between 2000 and 2005, when the publisher was closed, there were over 80,000 downloads of various comics. The publishing house won the Troféu HQ Mix, the most important Brazilian comic book award, in the category "best comics' website" from 2002 to 2006 and in the category "publisher of the year" in 2003, dividing the award with Panini Brasil.
Between 2002 and 2004, Diniz and the artist Antonio Eder published the fanzine "Informal", which featured short comics by several independent artists. In 2003, the fanzine won the Troféu HQ Mix in the category "best fanzine". Other prizes won by Diniz were: Troféu HQ Mix for best writer in 2004, 2010 and 2012; Troféu HQ Mix for international highlight (that awards Brazilian artists who had his works published internationally) in 2013, 2014 and 2015; Prêmio Angelo Agostini for best writer in 2001; and Jayme Cortez Trophy (that awards great contributions to Brazilian comics) in 2004.
One of André's most prominent works is the graphic novel "Morro da Favela", which tells the story of Brazilian photographer Maurício Hora, who was born and raised in Morro da Providência the first favela of Rio de Janeiro. This graphic novel won the 2012 Troféu HQ Mix as "best national special edition" and was also published in Portugal, the United Kingdom (as "Picture a Favela") and France (with the name "Photo de la Favela"). In 2017 and 2018, André published, respectively, the graphic novel "Olimpo Tropical" (with Laudo Ferreira Jr.) and a comic adaptation for "The Idiot", from Fyodor Dostoevsky, both published in Brazil and Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="56872332" url="?curid=56872332" title="Naomi Salaman">
Naomi Salaman

Naomi Salaman (born 25 March 1963) is a British conceptual artist, writer and curator. Her practice uses photography and is informed both by feminism and post-structuralism. She attended Chelsea College of Arts, and completed a research/practice PhD at Goldsmiths in 2008. She currently teaches in Fine Art at University of Brighton. Salaman has written, made work on and/or curated exhibitions related to a wide range of topics including: the art school; pornography and censorship; image technologies; and social justice. She has taught studio art and art theory courses in art and photography schools nationally, and has taught fine art at University of Brighton since 1996.
Exhibitions.
Salaman curated the exhibition "What She Wants: Women Artists Look at Men" in 1994, which presented a collection of female artists exploring the gendered gaze by taking male nude photography. The work has been regarded as a good example of how the gendered gaze can support a change in power relations. Barbara Bickel found that the exhibition was one of few examples where women artists used male bodies in their practices to expose sexual desire and pleasure. This touring photographic exhibition has been regarded as a crucial exhibition on "how women looked at men".
Salaman's work, "Changed Press Marks of the Private Cases" (2001), was exhibited alongside ten artists in the Potential: Ongoing Archive, curated by Anna Harding in the John Hansard Gallery of the University of Southampton. Salaman used microfilm to record archivist cards related to private cases in the British Library. The library believed some materials were not suitable for public access and therefore kept them away in private cases. The photographed cards traced how archivists gradually removed the ban from some books.
Other exhibitions and works:

</doc>
<doc id="56872350" url="?curid=56872350" title="Terezia Páleníková">
Terezia Páleníková


</doc>
<doc id="56872352" url="?curid=56872352" title="Lawn bowls at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Lawn bowls at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Lawn bowls at the 2018 Commonwealth Games was held at the Broadbeach Bowls Club in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 5 to 13.
Lawn bowls is one of ten core sports at the Commonwealth Games and has been continuously held at every Games since the 1930 British Empire Games, with the exception of the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica. A total of four events per gender were contested, along with two open para-sport events, which meant a total of ten medal events were contested.
Schedule.
The following is the Lawn bowls schedule:
Participating nations.
There are 28 participating nations in the lawn bowls with a total of 240 athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="56872355" url="?curid=56872355" title="Graham Smith (soccer, born 1995)">
Graham Smith (soccer, born 1995)

Graham Smith (born November 25, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Major League Soccer club Sporting Kansas City.
College and youth.
Smith grew up in Colorado where he played soccer while attending Mountain Vista High School. He played two years of college soccer at Oregon State University between 2014 and 2015, before transferring to the University of Denver in 2016.
Smith appeared for Premier Development League side Colorado Rapids U-23 in 2017.
Career.
On January 19, 2018, Smith was drafted in the first-round (18th overall) during the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by Sporting Kansas City. Smith signed with Sporting KC on February 15, 2018.
Smith made his professional debut with Kansas City's United Soccer League affiliate Swope Park Rangers, on March 17, 2018, where Swope Park Rangers finished 4–3 winners against Reno 1868.
Smith made his Major League Soccer debut with Sporting Kansas City on June 23, 2018, where he started in a 3–2 victory over Houston Dynamo. Smith made two appearances in his first season with SKC, before seeing an expanded role in 2019. Smith logged his first MLS goal on August 17, 2019, in a 2–1 victory at home against San Jose Earthquakes. He would also log his first MLS assist on the lone goal in a 1–0 victory over Houston Dynamo on August 31, 2019. He finished the season with ten starts in eleven total appearances, including a pair of clean sheets.

</doc>
<doc id="56872357" url="?curid=56872357" title="Pirjo Lahdenperä">
Pirjo Lahdenperä

Pirjo Lahdenperä, born 1949, is a licensed psychologist and a professor Emerita of pedagogy with a focus on management and leadership at Mälardalen University, the Academy of Education, Culture and Communication (UKK).
In 2005, Pirjo Lahdenperä was recognized as Sweden's first professor of pedagogy with a focus on intercultural pedagogy.
Presentation.
Pirjo Lahdenperä has experience as a school psychologist in the municipality of Stockholm and as an educator in state's school education SLUG (principal's Education). She has worked as teacher, schools staff educator, pedagogical leader and researcher at the Department of Education of the Stockholm School of Education and at Södertörn University, being at the latter also a profile manager for intercultural teacher education.
During the 80's and 90's, she was involved in different courses dealing with special education, intercultural education, organization and leadership. She mainly focused on the development of new curricula at different levels and worked as a course leader. At the Södertörn University, she planned a teacher educational programme with multicultural focus (1997-1999) and a second one with intercultural orientation (2002-2005). She developed the master's programs in the field of intercultural pedagogy and intercultural leadership.
In addition to her regular teaching activities as a lecturer and professor in pedagogy at the College of Higher Education and Södertörn University, she participated as a lecturer in a large number of national and international programs and conferences as well as in school staff retreats. In the beginning of 2000 she was employed as head of the Mälardalens Leadership Center at Mälardalen University. In 2006-2008 she worked as a professor in the municipality of Södertälje and as research director at the Center for Intercultural School Research, part of the Cultural Center in Botkyrka.
At present, she is Professor Emerita in Education with focus on management and leadership at the Academy of Education, Culture and Communication at Mälardalen University, and runs the company Education Lahdenperä AB.

</doc>
<doc id="56872359" url="?curid=56872359" title="Heartthrob (film)">
Heartthrob (film)

Heartthrob is a 2017 American thriller film written and directed by Chris Sivertson. It stars both Keir Gilchrist as Henry and Aubrey Peeples as Samantha, over a chance meeting, both form a relationship. However, things go downhill as Henry's obsession with Samantha takes a dark turn. 
Plot.
Shortly after high school graduation, Henry (Keir Gilchrist), the shy valedictorian, encounters Samantha (Aubrey Peeples), who suffers from a reputation as a bimbo at school. 
They argue at first about their preconceptions of each other but later Henry apologizes and offers Samantha a ride home when her shift at work ends. He is overjoyed to find romance with her but is incensed by the knowledge of her past relations with others and kills one of her former lovers. 
Henry is accepted to MIT, the university of choice of his domineering mother, but he drops out in order to stay in town with Samantha, who has been warned about his obsessive behavior and who breaks up with him to allow him to attend the better university. 
Henry is convinced that she is being pressured into leaving him and targets those he believes are responsible. He kills her close friend Dustin and then proceeds to calls Samantha and tells her that he has worked things out with MIT and invites her to his house to celebrate. 
While eating a homemade dinner there, she hears a thumping from an upstairs bedroom and discovers Henry's mother tied to a chair. Henry pulls out a knife and offers to either release his mother or kill her to solve their relationship problems, admitting that he was responsible for Dustin's death.
Samantha convinces him to release his mother, who escapes out his bedroom window and runs from the house screaming for help. Henry begs Samantha to run away with him but she refuses. Realizing that Samantha is different in the way that she doesn't need anyone, and also content with the fact that she loved him, e says one final "I love you" and stabs himself in the chest, dying on the spot.
Two days after his death Samantha receives Henry's journal in the mail. She decides to keep it a secret and thinks back to all the time that they spent together. Her shrink says that the relationship was unhealthy, and even though she accepts it, she knows that Henry truly loved her and saw her differently than everyone else. 
The movie ends with Samantha sitting on the floor of the skating ring, where Henry brought her to on their first date. She then says "I love you, Henry," something which she deeply regrets not saying to him when he was alive.
Production.
Filming took place in Tacoma, Washington.
Release.
The film had a limited release in the United States on June 27, 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56872367" url="?curid=56872367" title="The Logic and Statistics of Fat Tails">
The Logic and Statistics of Fat Tails


</doc>
<doc id="56872370" url="?curid=56872370" title="The Logic and Statistics of Fat Tail">
The Logic and Statistics of Fat Tail


</doc>
<doc id="56872373" url="?curid=56872373" title="Logic and Statistics of Fat Tail">
Logic and Statistics of Fat Tail


</doc>
<doc id="56872375" url="?curid=56872375" title="Logic and Statistics of Fat Tails">
Logic and Statistics of Fat Tails


</doc>
<doc id="56872378" url="?curid=56872378" title="Siân Davey">
Siân Davey

Siân Davey (born 1964) is a British photographer. Her work focuses on her family, community and self, and is informed by her background in psychology.
Davey has published two books, "Looking for Alice" (2015) and "Martha" (2018). In 2017 she had a solo exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery, London and was awarded the Royal Photographic Society's Hood Medal for "Looking for Alice."
Life and work.
Davey was born in Brighton in 1964. She studied painting at Bath Academy of Fine Art (1985) and social policy at the University of Brighton (1990). She was a psychotherapist for 15 years before taking up photography in 2014, which she studied at Plymouth University (MA 2014 and MFA 2016).
Her photographic practice focuses on her family, community and self, and is informed by her background in psychology. Her series "Looking for Alice" is a portrait of her daughter Alice who has Down syndrome. One of the photographs from this series was selected for the 2014 Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize exhibition. The series was published by Trolley Books in 2015. In 2016, "Looking for Alice" was shortlisted for Photobook of the Year in the Paris Photo–Aperture Foundation PhotoBook Awards. 
Davey's teenage daughter Martha assisted with the creation of "Looking for Alice." This led to Davey's next series "Martha" that focuses on Martha and her teenage friends. Two photographs from this series were selected for the 2016 Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize exhibition.
In 2017, Davey exhibited her series "Together" as a pop-up exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery, London. The work was made as a commission for the McCain Foods "We Are Family" series "which celebrates British families in all their shapes and sizes". In creating the work, she travelled across Britain and photographed 31 families in 21 days.

</doc>
<doc id="56872381" url="?curid=56872381" title="Coward v MIB">
Coward v MIB

Coward v MIB was a 1963 Court of Appeal decision on intention to create legal relations, and on the liability of the Motor Insurers Bureau when a passenger in a vehicle is killed or injured through the driver's negligence. 
The decision was disapproved and not followed in two subsequent "lift-to-work" cases, "Connell v Motor Insurers Bureau" (1969 CA) and "Albert v Motor Insurers Bureau" (1971 HL).
Facts.
Coward was a pillion passenger who was killed in a motorcycle accident for which the rider was responsible. The negligent rider was both a colleague and a friend. The accident occurred on the way to work. As the rider's insurance policy excluded pillion passengers, Coward's widow was obliged to claim damages from the MIB. The MIB would have liability only where insurance for the pillion was compulsory; and at the time insurance was compulsory only if pillions were carried "for hire or reward". Coward had paid the friend a small weekly contribution for the daily trip, and the widow argued that this amounted to a contract for hire or reward. The MIB countered that carriage for hire or reward required to create legal relations, and that on these facts (an agreement between friends), there was no such intention.
Decision.
The Court of Appeal held there was no contract of hire or reward as it was a social and domestic agreement without intention to create legal relations, and that the widow was not entitled to compensation.
Subsequent decisions.
In "Connell v Motor Insurers Bureau" Lord Denning, MR, sitting in the Court of Appeal declared that he was "not happy with the decision in "Coward"", adding that "when a man gives another a lift in return for money there is a contract, albeit informal". Denning refused to follow "Coward" and declared that a car driver who gave friends a lift in return for cash or other valuable consideration was indeed acting "for hire or reward". 
Strictly speaking, Denning was in breach of the rule that the Court of Appeal is bound by its own earlier decisions; but in "Albert v Motor Insurers Bureau" the House of Lords in 1971 approved the "Connell" judgment in preference to that in "Coward".

</doc>
<doc id="56872383" url="?curid=56872383" title="Powhatan Sports Complex">
Powhatan Sports Complex


</doc>
<doc id="56872385" url="?curid=56872385" title="Jersey at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Jersey at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Jersey competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018.
The team from Jersey consisted of 33 athletes competing in eight sports.
Cyclist Daniel Halksworth was the country's flag bearer during the opening ceremony.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics.
Jersey participated with 3 athletes (3 men).
Badminton.
Jersey participated with four athletes (two men and two women)
Cycling.
Jersey participated with 6 athletes (4 men and 2 women).
Gymnastics.
Artistic.
Jersey participated with 3 athletes (1 man and 2 woman).
Lawn bowls.
Jersey is scheduled to compete in the lawn bowls competition.
Shooting.
Jersey participated with 6 athletes (4 men and 2 women).
Swimming.
Jersey participated with 2 athletes (1 man and 1 woman).
Triathlon.
Jersey participated with 1 athlete (1 man).

</doc>
<doc id="56872396" url="?curid=56872396" title="Nancy Helen Marcus">
Nancy Helen Marcus


</doc>
<doc id="56872399" url="?curid=56872399" title="Niue at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Niue at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Niue competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics.
Niue participated with 2 athletes (2 men).
Boxing.
Niue participated with a team of 1 athlete (1 man).
Lawn bowls.
Niue is scheduled to compete in the lawn bowls competition.
Shooting.
Niue participated with 6 athletes (4 men and 2 women).

</doc>
<doc id="56872410" url="?curid=56872410" title="Norfolk Island at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Norfolk Island at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Norfolk Island competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018.
On March 18, 2018, lawn bowler Hadyn Evans was named as the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
Ryan Dixon, Hadyn Evans and Phillip Jones won the country's first Commonwealth Games medal since 1994, when they won bronze in the men's triples lawn bowls event.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Lawn bowls.
Norfolk Island is scheduled to compete in the lawn bowls competition.
Shooting.
Norfolk Island participated with 8 athletes (7 men and 1 woman).

</doc>
<doc id="56872413" url="?curid=56872413" title="Engineering (journal)">
Engineering (journal)

Engineering is peer-reviewed open access academic journal of engineering launched in 2015 by the Chinese Academy of Engineering. It is published by Higher Education Press in China, while it is published by Elsevier internationally. The journal is edited by Raj Reddy (Carnegie Mellon University) and Ji Zhou (Chinese Academy of Engineering). The journal is indexed by Scopus and Science Citation Index Expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="56872414" url="?curid=56872414" title="Journal of Biomedical Research">
Journal of Biomedical Research


</doc>
<doc id="56872417" url="?curid=56872417" title="Quantitative Biology">
Quantitative Biology


</doc>
<doc id="56872418" url="?curid=56872418" title="Švehlíková">
Švehlíková


</doc>
<doc id="56872427" url="?curid=56872427" title="2018 Barnet London Borough Council election">
2018 Barnet London Borough Council election

The 2018 Barnet Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Barnet Borough Council in England. It took place on the same day as other local elections in 2018. In the last election, the Conservatives won control of the council with 32 seats, compared to 30 for Labour and 1 for the Liberal Democrats. On 15 March 2018, following the resignation of a Conservative councillor, the council was in a state of no overall control. The election on 3 May 2018 saw the Conservatives take back overall control with a majority of 13.
On 20 September 2019 Gabriel Rozenberg (elected Conservative) joined the Liberal Democrats, citing his opposition to Brexit. On 2 October, he was then followed by Jess Brayne (elected Labour) who also defected to the Liberal Democrats.
Background.
At the last election in 2014, the Conservatives were re-elected with a reduced majority. Labour gained 9 seats from the Conservatives, but the Conservatives remained in office as a result of winning 2 seats from the Liberal Democrats in Childs Hill ward.
The Conservatives remained in control of the council with 32 seats until March 2018, when councillor Sury Khatri resigned his membership and role as party whip after being deselected as a Conservative candidate. As a result, the Conservatives lost their majority on the Council, leaving them as a minority administration.
Council composition.
Prior to the election, the composition of the council was:
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Results.
East Barnet.
Pearce was a councillor for Cockfosters ward in the London Borough of Enfield prior to the election.
East Finchley.
Farrier was a councillor for Burnt Oak ward prior to the election.
Garden Suburb.
On September 20, 2019, Cllr Gabriel Rozenberg left the Conservatives to join the Liberal Democrats due to their stance on Brexit and the election of Boris Johnson as party leader.
Hendon.
Ioannidis was a councillor for Brunswick Park ward prior to the election.
High Barnet.
Trevethan was a councillor for Underhill prior to the election.
Underhill.
On February 25, 2019, Cllr Jessica Brayne left the Labour Party over their failure to tackle anti-Semitism and their stance on Brexit. She then joined the Liberal Democrats in September 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56872428" url="?curid=56872428" title="J. Biomed. Res.">
J. Biomed. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56872429" url="?curid=56872429" title="J Biomed Res">
J Biomed Res


</doc>
<doc id="56872432" url="?curid=56872432" title="Quant. Biol.">
Quant. Biol.


</doc>
<doc id="56872433" url="?curid=56872433" title="Quant Biol">
Quant Biol


</doc>
<doc id="56872436" url="?curid=56872436" title="Brunei at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Brunei at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Brunei competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018. It was Brunei's 8th appearance at the Commonwealth Games.
The Brunei team consisted of 8 athletes (5 men and 3 women) that competed in 1 sport: lawn bowls.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Lawn bowls.
Brunei is scheduled to compete in the lawn bowls competition with 8 athletes (5 men and 3 women).

</doc>
<doc id="56872442" url="?curid=56872442" title="Unity of Command II">
Unity of Command II

Unity of Command II is a turn-based wargame developed by 2x2 Games, and co-produced by Croteam. The game was released on November 12, 2019. It is the sequel to "Unity of Command".
Gameplay.
Unity of Command II is a tactical turn-based wargame which balances between historical accuracy and abstract game design.
Headquarters.
The game introduces the concept of headquarters, which are used to collect the remnants of player units known as "stragglers". As units get damaged during combat, they dissolve into stragglers, which continue to automatically travel to the player's HQ. Once there, they become part of the player's "Force Pool", which they can use to reinforce their existing units. The functionality of headquarters was expanded to include repairing or constructing bridges on the map. The function is intended to give structure to the systemic complexity of WWII, but without overwhelming the player with countless systems.
Development.
The game was in development since late 2014, but was formally announced in 2019. The most visible change to the game is the transition from 2D to 3D graphics, using a proprietary engine developed specifically for this game. Another requirement would be a 64-bit operating system. Notable gameplay mechanics that were added include fog of war, unit headquarters, supply hubs, airborne ops or the ability to go beyond enemy lines and sabotage their infrastructure.
Reception.
"Unity of Command II" received "generally favorable reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic.
Rob Zacny, in a review on Vice, noted how the game departed in so many ways from the original, but remained a "simple joy to play", calling it a "wargame that invites a lot of delightful perfectionist revisiting for a long time to come". Wargamer praised its visuals, maintaining they are "some of the best eye candy to come out of a wargaming company this year" and stating that each mission feels satisfactory due to its intimidating design, ultimately calling it a marked improvement over the original "Unity of Command". Luke Plunkett of Kotaku called it the best wargame he played in years, but stated his disappointment in turn limiters, and limited control of some units. Rock, Paper, Shotgun was similarly delighted by the game and its novelties, concluding that "Wargames this canny, attractive, friendly and historically literate come along extremely rarely". PC Gamer noted in its review that new additions such as specialists and HQ upgrades contribute considerably to the campaign's flexibility, stating that there are also moments of historical divergence in the game.
Gamespot criticized both the icons in the game, maintaining they are poorly explained, and the limited tutorial which forcea the player to consult outside manuals and sources, nevertheless still praising the game as "one of the finest strategy games in recent times."
PCGamesN included the game in its list of the best strategy games on PC.

</doc>
<doc id="56872445" url="?curid=56872445" title="Microphysogobio rapidus">
Microphysogobio rapidus

Microphysogobio rapidus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56872449" url="?curid=56872449" title="Sylhet-3">
Sylhet-3

Sylhet-3 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2008 by Mahmud Us Samad Chowdhury of the Awami League.
Boundaries.
The constituency encompasses Balaganj, Dakshin Surma, and Fenchuganj upazilas.
History.
The constituency was created for the first general elections in newly independent Bangladesh, held in 1973.
Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency.
Ahead of the 2018 general election, the Election Commission expanded the boundaries of the constituency by adding eleven union parishads of Balaganj Upazila: Balaganj, Boaljur, Burunga Bazar, Dayamir, Boula Bazar, Omarpur, Osmanpur, Paschim Pailanpur, Purba Pailanpur, Sadipur, and Tajpur.
Elections.
Elections in the 2010s.
Mahmud Us Samad Chowdhury was re-elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election.

</doc>
<doc id="56872458" url="?curid=56872458" title="History of Digital Marketing">
History of Digital Marketing


</doc>
<doc id="56872459" url="?curid=56872459" title="Capo Ferro Lighthouse">
Capo Ferro Lighthouse

Capo Ferro Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the same name promontory which marks the southern entrance to the Strait of Bonifacio and to the Maddalena archipelago, in the municipality of Arzachena, in the north east of Sardinia, Italy, on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse, built in 1858, was activated by the Regia Marina only in 1861 and consists of a masonry white cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern rising from a 2-storey white keeper's house. The lantern, which mounts an optics of the Type ORT3 375 with a Focal length of 187.5 mm., is painted in white, the dome in grey metallic, and it is positioned at above sea level emitting three white flashes in a 15 seconds period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1146 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56872473" url="?curid=56872473" title="French destroyer Le Chevalier Paul">
French destroyer Le Chevalier Paul


</doc>
<doc id="56872481" url="?curid=56872481" title="Kay Brown (disambiguation)">
Kay Brown (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56872483" url="?curid=56872483" title="Microphysogobio tafangensis">
Microphysogobio tafangensis

Microphysogobio tafangensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="56872491" url="?curid=56872491" title="Cable &amp; Wireless HKT">
Cable &amp; Wireless HKT


</doc>
<doc id="56872496" url="?curid=56872496" title="Ben White (rugby player)">
Ben White (rugby player)


</doc>
<doc id="56872519" url="?curid=56872519" title="Three Intermezzi for piano, Op. 117 (Brahms)">
Three Intermezzi for piano, Op. 117 (Brahms)

The Three Intermezzi for piano, Op. 117, are compositions that Johannes Brahms created for solo piano. The intermezzi were described by the critic Eduard Hanslick as "monologues"... pieces of a "thoroughly personal and subjective character" striking a "pensive, graceful, dreamy, resigned, and elegiac note."
The Intermezzi of Opus 117 were composed in 1892.
The first intermezzo, in E major, is prefaced in the score by two lines from an old Scottish ballad, "Lady Anne Bothwell's Lament": Balow, my babe, lie still and sleep!&lt;br&gt; It grieves me sore to see thee weep. The middle section of the second intermezzo, in B minor, seems to Brahms’ biographer Walter Niemann to portray a "man as he stands with the bleak, gusty autumn wind eddying round him."

</doc>
<doc id="56872525" url="?curid=56872525" title="Joynagar Majilpur">
Joynagar Majilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56872532" url="?curid=56872532" title="Ben White (rugby union)">
Ben White (rugby union)


</doc>
<doc id="56872534" url="?curid=56872534" title="Long-nosed gudgeon">
Long-nosed gudgeon

The long-nosed gudgeon ("Microphysogobio tungtingensis") is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China.

</doc>
<doc id="56872536" url="?curid=56872536" title="Ben White (rugby player born 1998)">
Ben White (rugby player born 1998)


</doc>
<doc id="56872538" url="?curid=56872538" title="Diego Zucchinetti">
Diego Zucchinetti

Diego Zucchinetti was an Italian composer of the second half of the 18th century. He was probably born in the late 1760s and studied in Naples at the Conservatorio della Pietà de' Turchini, where he probably had Lorenzo Fago, Pasquale Cafaro and Giacomo Tritto as his teachers. He composed mostly instrumental even if his music is filled with Italian opera music style. Under his name there are some masses and motets, but it is not sure if they are genuine.
Three Sonatas (Op.1).
Diego Zucchinetti's "Three Sonatas for the harpsichord or pianoforte with violin or flute" belong to a genre—keyboard sonata with an accompanying melodic instrument—that was quite common by the late 18th century. They are all cast in three movements and show such a balanced distribution of musical material between the instruments, they can be virtually regarded as duets. Operatic passages and "cantabile" melodies link these pleasing specimens of late-century Italian instrumental music to their Neapolitan roots.

</doc>
<doc id="56872541" url="?curid=56872541" title="Joynagar Mojilpur">
Joynagar Mojilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56872542" url="?curid=56872542" title="Microphysogobio tungtingensis">
Microphysogobio tungtingensis


</doc>
<doc id="56872545" url="?curid=56872545" title="Rafael Alcântara do Nascimento">
Rafael Alcântara do Nascimento


</doc>
<doc id="56872546" url="?curid=56872546" title="Shangri Lhagyal">
Shangri Lhagyal

Chamdowa Tsawabomei Shangri Lhagyal (1921–1984) (also known as Chamdowa Shangri Lhagyal or Shangri Lhagyal) was a Tibetan resistance fighter against Chinese occupying forces in 1958–59. He was one of the commanders of the Chushi Gangdruk guerrillas, and fled to India in April 1959 shortly after the arrival there of the 14th Dalai Lama.
Birthplace.
Shangri Lhagyal was born in Tongpa Bangzo village, Zogan county, Chamdo prefecture in eastern Tibet in 1921. This village is known for its natural hot-springs and varieties of fruit trees. Tsawabomei has six scattered villages with five monasteries and nunneries. Each village is separated by twenty to thirty minutes walking distance. It also has a holy mountain, Kulagyaltsen, where the local people make religious offerings to their native deity.
Commander of Chushi Gangdrug in Gongkar.
Juchen Thupten Namgyal, ex-Prime Minister of The Tibetan Government in exile in Dharamsala, India, mentioned that Chamdowa Shangri Lhagyal was one of the commanders of Chushi Gangdrug in Gongkar Dzong. He narrated: "At Gongkar Dzong, Chamdowa Shangri Lhagyal and Derge Chudobu Wangchuk Tsering were the two Chushi Gangdrug commanders ... Makchi (commander) Shangri Lhagyal convened a meeting at Gongkar with his soldiers and new arrivals from Norbulingka. ... They shared their battle stories, and he shared the precarious situation in Norbulingka and the safe escape of His Holiness Dalai Lama from Lhasa. ... They discussed about future plans ... Makchi Shangri Lhagyal to remain in Gongkar ...".
Victory in the Battle of Dra.
"On 9 November 1958, Chamdowa Shangri Lhagyal led a successful attack on the Chinese troops in Drashi Dra. At mid-night when Ratuk Ngawang and his troops were camping at Drashi Phu, a messenger returned and briefed them about the situation in the surrounding areas. As they proceeded ahead in the night, they reached Drashi Dra, about 40 miles from Gongkar, in the morning. Here they met up with the forces led by Chamdowa Shangri Lhagyal."
The 14th Dalai Lama's escape from Tibet into exile in 1959.
The 14th Dalai Lama safely escaped from Tibet into exile in India in 1959. On 17 March 1959, he and his entourage started the escape journey from Lhasa in Tibet, and reached the Indian border on 31 March 1959. During the entire escape, Chushi Gangdrug Tenshung Danglang Mak escorted him to safety in India. At the Indian border, the Chushi Gangdrug Tenshung Danglang Mak and the Tibetan Army soldiers stood in formation for a farewell salute and sought the Dalai Lama’s blessing.
At that moment, it was difficult for him to say goodbye to the Chushi Gangdrug Tenshung Danglang Mak and Tibetan Army soldiers who had escorted the Dalai Lama and his entourage all the way from Lhasa safely to Indian border. At Bomdila, he was greeted by Mr. Menon and interpreter Sonam Topgyal carrying a telegram message from the Prime Minister Nehru: "My colleagues and I welcome you and send greetings on your safe arrival in India. We shall be happy to afford the necessary facilities to you, your family and entourage to reside in India. The people of India, who hold you in great veneration, will no doubt accord their traditional respect to your personage. Kind regards to you. Nehru."
Assists the escape of Rinchen Dolma Taring.
Rinchen Dolma Taring (popularly known as Taring Amala) was one of the most prominent educators in the exile Tibetan community in India, and the founder of "The Tibetan Homes Foundation, SOS Tibetan Children Village" in Mussoorie, India. She wrote her autobiography in 1986: Daughter of Tibet: The Autobiography of Rinchen Dolma Taring.
In Rinchen Dolma Taring's autobiography, she narrated how Shangri Lhagyal helped her safe escape to India: "Shangri Lhagyal was a nice, gentle man of about thirty-seven. He asked me to sit and congratulated me on my escape, but he was sorry to have told me that Taring Dzasa was not with His Holiness’s party: he had seen the party off, so he knew. He added "I will gladly give you a letter—from where do you intend to enter India?" I replied, "Bhutan," and he assured me there were no Chinese on the way but asked, "Will the Bhutanese let you pass through?" At once Rabge said, "Yes, they will, because their Prime Minister’s wife is Tsarong’s daughter and their Queen is Taring Dzasa’s cousin."
Chushi Gangdrug surrender to Indian government.
After the escape of the Dalai Lama, the idea of any further battle with the Chinese Communist troops was abandoned. Andrug Jindak persuaded Kunga Samten Dewatshang in Tawang to surrender his weapons to the Indian authorities. Shangri Lhagyal and other Chushi Gangdrug fighters handed over their weapons to the Indian officials at Tezpur, India. They offered a horse and a Khata (Tibetan scarf) to the Indian guards and completed the formalities, and crossed the border where they were greeted by a representative of the Tibetan Government Tsedrung Jampa Wangdu. On 29 April 1959, they handed over their rifles, ammunition, and all other weapons to the Deputy Commissioner of Tezpur district, and permitted to take their gold, silver, and other valuables.
Forthcoming biography.
Three researchersTashi Dhondhup, Dorjee Damdul, and Tashi Gelekhave conducted extensive research about the life of Shangri Lhagyal, and his major role in Chushi Gangdrug Tenshung Danglang Mak in 1959. Along with Shangri Lhagyal’s life story, the researchers will narrate the history of Tibet from 1947 to 1959 in an upcoming book to be published in 2019.
The researchers are guided by a Tibet scholar, Professor Carole McGranahan, as an editor. McGranahan is a historical and anthropological expert on Chushi Gagndrug Tenshung Danglang Mak.

</doc>
<doc id="56872555" url="?curid=56872555" title="Joynagar Mazilpur">
Joynagar Mazilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56872559" url="?curid=56872559" title="RYO (disambiguation)">
RYO (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56872560" url="?curid=56872560" title="2018-19 Borussia Dortmund season">
2018-19 Borussia Dortmund season


</doc>
<doc id="56872566" url="?curid=56872566" title="1979-80 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings">
1979-80 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings


</doc>
<doc id="56872567" url="?curid=56872567" title="Verden-Rotenburg railway">
Verden-Rotenburg railway


</doc>
<doc id="56872570" url="?curid=56872570" title="1967 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1967 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56872574" url="?curid=56872574" title="2017-18 WABA League Final Four">
2017-18 WABA League Final Four


</doc>
<doc id="56872576" url="?curid=56872576" title="Microphysogobio vietnamica">
Microphysogobio vietnamica

Microphysogobio vietnamica is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to northern Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56872577" url="?curid=56872577" title="Jerusalem-Yitzhak Navon railway station">
Jerusalem-Yitzhak Navon railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56872579" url="?curid=56872579" title="1949-50 Yorkshire Football League">
1949-50 Yorkshire Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56872580" url="?curid=56872580" title="No. 13 - A Dancing Van Gogh (2017)">
No. 13 - A Dancing Van Gogh (2017)


</doc>
<doc id="56872581" url="?curid=56872581" title="Feminist Internet (collective)">
Feminist Internet (collective)

Feminist Internet is an art activist collective devoted to making the internet a more feminist space. Feminist Internet was a project that began out of University of the Arts London in September 2017. It began as a two-week studio project where 16 people came together to imagine how they could build a more feminist internet. The collective is made up of spatial designers, graphic designers, activists, artists, poets, writers, journalists, video makers, performers, art directors, photographers, and researchers. They campaign for eradicating online violence against women, trans people, LGBTQ+ people, disabled people and other minorities and promote gender equality, equal rights &amp; justice for all. Feminist Internet is non-profit collective supported by UAL Careers and Employability, the Teaching and Learning Exchange and UAL Futures, bringing UAL students, staff and industry together across disciplines to invent better futures.
Work and events.
The Feminist Internet organises a range of events including seminars, panel discussions, reading groups, performances and other interventions to spread the word about gender equality and the internet. Previous events have included a seminar series at University of the Arts London on topics such as feminisms and the future of work, technology and representation, technological feminisms and biocapital and the female body. They have also hosted a 'Digital Clinic' at London arts venue Somerset House in December 2017 and a 'Geekender' in March 2018 at The Photographers' Gallery in London. The Feminist Internet have collaborated with organisations such as Glitch!UK and Amnesty International and people like Charlie Craggs.
Manifesto.
The Feminist Internet's work is defined by their eight-point manifesto.

</doc>
<doc id="56872584" url="?curid=56872584" title="Joynagar Mozilpur">
Joynagar Mozilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56872594" url="?curid=56872594" title="Frieda S. Miller">
Frieda S. Miller

Frieda S. Miller (April 16, 1890 – July 21, 1973) was an American labor activist, government administrator and women's rights activist. She served as the Industrial Commissioner of New York from 1938 to 1942 and the director of the United States Women's Bureau from 1944 to 1953. From 1936 through the 1950s, she worked with the International Labour Organization advising on women's employment issues. In the 1960s, she served in various capacities as a delegate to the United Nations focused on issues for women and children.
Early life.
Frieda Segelke Miller was born on April 16, 1890 in La Crosse, Wisconsin to Erna (née Segelke) and James Gordon Miller. Her father was a lawyer, who died when she was thirteen. Her mother had died when Miller was five years old. She was raised in La Crosse, along with her sister Elsie, by her maternal grandparents Charles and Augusta Segelke. After completing her secondary education, she attended Downer College, graduating in 1911 with a bachelor's degree. She pursued graduate studies at the University of Chicago, over the next four years, researching in economics, law, political science, and sociology, but did not obtain a degree.
Career.
In 1916, Miller began her career working as a research assistant and teaching social economics at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania. Hired as a secretary in 1917, she worked at the Philadelphia Women's Trade Union League, organizing a college and teaching economics courses through 1923. Around the same time, she met Pauline Newman, a labor organizer who had recently come to Philadelphia working with the Women's Trade Union League. The two women would become life-long partners and moved in together within a year. When women won the right to vote, Miller became a candidate for the United States House of Representatives running on the Farmer-Labor Party ticket. Though she did not win, she received over 25,000 votes in the 1920 election. Miller had an affair with a married man, Charles Kutz, in 1922 and became pregnant. Deciding to raise the child (the future Elisabeth Burger (1923–2013), at one time Lady Owen), together she and Newman invented a story that they had adopted a child abroad, to protect Miller's reputation. As a cover for their fiction, the two attended the International Congress of Working Women in Vienna in 1923 and the baby was born abroad. They did not return to Philadelphia, but instead moved to Greenwich Village in New York City, where Newman took up a post as the educational director at the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union (ILGWU). Miller soon found work, as an inspector for the Joint Board of Sanitary Control.
Within the circle of friends the two made through their affiliation with the Women's Trade Union League were Elisabeth Cristman, Mary Dreier, Frances Perkins, Eleanor Roosevelt, Rose Schneiderman, Maude Swartz. In 1928, Perkins, Industrial Commissioner for the State of New York, hired Miller as the director of the Bureau of Women in Industry and she spent the next several years working on legislation to create a minimum wage law for women and children, which passed in 1933. When Franklin D. Roosevelt won the presidency, he took Perkins with him to Washington, and she used her influence to have Miller appointed as a delegate to the International Labour Organization (ILO), an agency of the League of Nations in 1936. President Roosevelt appointed her to represent the United States in the Inter-American Regional Conferences of the ILO and she served as an advisor for women workers to the executive board. In 1938, Miller was appointed by Governor Herbert H. Lehman to fill the post as state Industrial Commissioner, replacing Elmer F. Andrews. During her tenure as commissioner, Miller developed a system to implement the state unemployment insurance program and reorganize the state's employment service to improve job placement and deal with the unemployment problems generated by the Great Depression. Within a year, her reforms led to a fifty percent increase in employment placements in the state.
When Lehman's governorship ended in 1942, Miller resigned as commissioner and went to work as the special assistant for labor the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, John G. Winant. In 1944, when Mary Anderson retired from the United States Women's Bureau, she selected Miller to be her successor. Her major focus as director was to develop programs to improve equal pay and access to jobs for women. When the war ended, women, who had been employed in war industries lost their jobs creating both large-scale unemployment and a push to return women to low-wage jobs, primarily in clerical and service-related positions. Creating a Labor Advisory Committee in 1945, Miller was the first director of the Women's Bureau to invite union women to attend monthly conferences to discuss labor issues. Miller stressed the importance of women using their networks to bring awareness to the low pay and poor conditions under which women labored. She recognized that collective bargaining alone would be insufficient to generate change, as so many women's jobs were not unionized, and urged union leadership to reach out to legislators to improve wages for all occupations in which women worked. She also proposed innovative solutions, such as establishing pay rates according to job, which would eliminate discrimination based on outside factors, such as gender. The recommendations were partially successful, as during her tenure six states approved equal pay laws, though they did not meet all the protections the Women's Bureau wanted. By the end of the 1950s twenty states had adopted limited policies for equal pay, but the efforts were inadequate and advocates continued to push for national legislation.
When Dwight D. Eisenhower was elected president in 1953, he asked for Miller to resign. She returned to her work for the ILO, and increasingly relied on Newman to care for Elisabeth while she traveled abroad. Evaluating the economic status of women workers, Miller compiled reports in the Far East and South America throughout 1955 and 1956. In 1957, she became a delegate to the United Nations for the International Alliance of Women, serving through 1958. In that year, Miller, who was nearing seventy began a relationship with a man, that Newman felt threatened by and which caused her to wonder if their relationship had ended. The concern was serious enough for Newman to sell her interest in the summer home the two women owned in Coffeetown, Pennsylvania. Miller remained in Geneva, and beginning in the early 1960s, she worked on a survey for the International Union for Child Welfare becoming the organization's delegate to the United Nations. She worked on various UNICEF programs until 1967, when she retired and returned to New York. Miller had a stroke in 1969 and though they placed her in the Mary Manning Walsh Home at that time, Newman and Miller's daughter Elisabeth shared the care for Miller for the last four years of her life.
Death and legacy.
Miller died from pneumonia on July 21, 1973 in Manhattan, New York. Her papers were donated to the Schlesinger Library at Harvard's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.

</doc>
<doc id="56872595" url="?curid=56872595" title="Adam Ostrowski (RAF officer)">
Adam Ostrowski (RAF officer)

Adam Mieczysław Ostrowski (15 February 1919 in Borysław; – 9 March 2018 in London) was a Polish RAF pilot who fought in World War II and was active in Polish organisations.
Biography.
As a military pilot, Ostrowski flew in the 317 "Wileński" RAF Fighter Squadron, where he served as a lieutenant. Later he was promoted to colonel. He remained in Great Britain after the war. He became involved in Polish expatriates and veterans' activities. In 1990, he became the Chairman of the Polish Airmen's Association in London.
On 11 November 1990 he was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta by the President of Poland in exile Ryszard Kaczorowski. On 23 July 2012, in recognition of outstanding merits in the activities for the benefit of Polish-born veterans , President Bronisław Komorowski awarded him the Commander's Cross with the Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
He was one of eight Polish Spitfire pilots to sign a special edition print to commemorate the Polish contribution to the Battle of Britain.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56872600" url="?curid=56872600" title="Thomas Benton Allen">
Thomas Benton Allen


</doc>
<doc id="56872602" url="?curid=56872602" title="History of lead poisoning in the United States">
History of lead poisoning in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56872605" url="?curid=56872605" title="Thomas Burt Allen">
Thomas Burt Allen


</doc>
<doc id="56872609" url="?curid=56872609" title="Microphysogobio wulonghensis">
Microphysogobio wulonghensis

Microphysogobio wulonghensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Wulonghe River in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56872613" url="?curid=56872613" title="Grand-Leader department store">
Grand-Leader department store


</doc>
<doc id="56872617" url="?curid=56872617" title="La Bestia in Calore">
La Bestia in Calore


</doc>
<doc id="56872627" url="?curid=56872627" title="Romanesque architecture in Sardinia">
Romanesque architecture in Sardinia

The Sardinian Romanesque is the Romanesque architectural style that developed in Sardinia. The Romanesque architecture in Sardinia has had a remarkable development since the early origins, during the Giudicati era, and for a long period. His expressions, although autonomous, are not classifiable in a recognizable image, since in the island the Romanesque manifested itself with unusual results but in numerous forms; this is due to the establishment in Sardinia of several religious orders, coming from various Italian regions and from France. Consequently, in the architectures of that era Pisan, Lombard and Provençal influences are recognizable as well as traces of the passage of workers, coming from the Iberian Peninsula, of Islamic culture.
History.
The first Romanesque building on the island is the Basilica of San Gavino in Porto Torres, Giudicato of Torres, which was started under the reign of the Judike Gonario I of Torres Lacon-Gunale (circa 1015 - 1038). The new basilica was erected near an area where there was an early Christian necropolis and two ancient basilicas datable to the 5th-7th century, the Judike hired workers in Pisa to build it. On the death of Gonnario he was succeeded by his son Barisone I of Torres who continued the construction of the basilica, which was completed before 1063. At the same time Barisone I opened the season of immigration of monastic orders on the island, in fact in 1063 he asked Desiderio di Benevento, abbot of Montecassino, to send a group of monks to take possession of a large area and its appurtenances: including the churches of Santa Maria di Bubalis (identified with Nostra Segnora de Mesumundu) and the church of saints Elia and Enoc, located on top of Mount Santu in the territory of Siligo. In 1089 Constantine I of Cagliari Judike of Cagliari, donated to the abbot of Abbey of Saint-Victor de Marseille, Richard, the Basilica of San Saturnino and other properties for the monks to found a monastery. From then on, for several decades many religious orders arrived on the island, including the Camaldolese, the Vallombrosians, the Cistercians, the Victorians, etc. Following this phenomenon, through the considerable financial commitment of the local nobility ("mayorales"), numerous private churches were founded, so the development of Romanesque architecture took place which, on the island, took on original and very interesting features.
Architecture.
Giulio Carlo Argan identifies in the Sardinian Romanesque of the 11th and 12th centuries a "particular attitude" to the two new Lombard and Tuscan currents, which are often merged producing unprecedented results. As in the case of San Nicola di Trullas (before 1113) in Semestene (SS), the palatine chapel of Santa Maria del Regno (1107) in Ardara or the San Nicola di Silanis (before 1122) of Sedini (SS) and the Basilica of San Simplicio in Olbia (11th-12th century) just to name a few. There is no shortage of examples of exclusively Lombard architecture, as in the case of the Church of San Pietro di Zuri by master Anselmo da Como.
There are also numerous French-derived architectures built on behalf of the Marseille monks by Provençal workers, in some cases assisted by local workers trained in Italy. These include the church of San Platano in Villaspeciosa, the church of San Gemiliano in Sestu, San Lorenzo in Cagliari, San Saturnino di Ussana and the first plant of Santa Maria di Uta (CA). But not only the Benedictines of San Vittore acted on the island, but also other orders from beyond the Alps such as the Cistercians, the Templars and the Lerinenses.
Among the Romanesque architecture of Sardinia numerous examples of churches of narrow Tuscan origin can highlighted, such as the Basilica di Saccargia in Codrongianos and the Cathedral of San Pietro di Sorres, Borutta (SS), the Church of Nostra Signora di Tergu or the Cathedral of Santa Giusta of the homonymous center (OR) and the church of San Nicola di Ottana (NU).
Remarkable are also the defensive structures such as the numerous castles and towers of the city of Cagliari, including the Tower of San Pancrazio and the Tower of the Elephant, designed by the Sardinian architect Giovanni Capula.

</doc>
<doc id="56872628" url="?curid=56872628" title="List of appearances of Tasha Yar">
List of appearances of Tasha Yar


</doc>
<doc id="56872640" url="?curid=56872640" title="Brett Rogers (curator)">
Brett Rogers (curator)

Brett Rogers OBE (born 1954) is director of The Photographers' Gallery in London. She played a key role in establishing photography as a leading art form in the UK. Prior to joining The Photographers' Gallery, Rogers was the Deputy Director and Head of Exhibitions at the Visual Arts Department at the British Council.
In 2014 she was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), for her services to the arts. In 2018 she received the Award for Outstanding Service to Photography (and Honorary Fellowship) from the Royal Photographic Society.
Early life.
Rogers was born in Brisbane, Australia, to disc jockey and radio broadcaster Bob Rogers and fashion model Jerry Rogers. She is one of four children.
Rogers moved to London and received an MA at the Courtauld Institute, and joined the British Council in 1982 where she developed a photography policy and programme.
The British Council.
Rogers worked for the Arts Department of the British Council between 1982 and 2005, during which she was Deputy Director and Head of Exhibitions. In conversation with Jack Latham in 2017, Rogers remarked that her curatorial decisions were often considered controversial. She recounts: "The British ambassador in Poland would say to me ‘"We can't have Martin Parr, that's not the image of Britain we want, with all the rubbish on the ground, and people looking unhappy"’. I would always argue back, saying, ‘"We're not here to promote a tourist's image of Britain, we're here to promote photography"'. In that respect we had a lot of battles, but we won them all."
The Photographers' Gallery.
Rogers became a trustee of The Photographers' Gallery in the 1990s and later, as Head of Exhibitions of the British Council, she co-curated the exhibition with Kate Bush, Senior Programmer at the Gallery in 2002.
In 2005, Rogers was appointed director of The Photographers' Gallery, succeeding Paul Wombell. She oversaw the Gallery’s move from Great Newport Street to Ramillies Street and a major redevelopment of the new premises. The refurbished building reopened in 2012.
Rogers’ approach to the medium of photography embraces its many dimensions and expanded forms. As she outlines: “...the gallery should showcase the full spectrum of the medium, from its evolution as a tool for “drawing with light”, through its documentary and experimental modes, to exploring the possibilities for how we understand photography in the age of the networked image”.

</doc>
<doc id="56872648" url="?curid=56872648" title="Francis Palmer (disambiguation)">
Francis Palmer (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56872649" url="?curid=56872649" title="Ghorpadwadi">
Ghorpadwadi

Ghorpadwadi is a village in Rahuri Taluka in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra State, India. It belongs to Khandesh, the Northern Maharashtra region and the Nashik division. It is located 39 km towards North from District headquarters Ahmednagar. 11 km from Rahuri Khurd. 217 km from State capital Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="56872657" url="?curid=56872657" title="Richard Kerr (filmmaker and visual artist)">
Richard Kerr (filmmaker and visual artist)


</doc>
<doc id="56872673" url="?curid=56872673" title="William Beeley">
William Beeley

William Beeley was Archdeacon of Carmarthen
Beale was educated at University College, Oxford and the incumbent at Kings Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="56872678" url="?curid=56872678" title="Frank Otto">
Frank Otto

Frank Otto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56872683" url="?curid=56872683" title="Winifred M. Hausam">
Winifred M. Hausam

Winifred May Horman Hausam (June 7, 1883 – October 1, 1967) was an American vocational executive who founded and managed vocational service bureaus for women in the Los Angeles area. Active in a wide variety of business, educational and women's clubs, she headed the Western Personnel Institute in Pasadena for over 30 years. She also helped to establish programs for women during the Depression, providing jobs for skilled women.
Early life and education.
Born in the mid-1880s in Chicago, Illinois, Winifred May Horman Hausam was the daughter of George W. Hausam and Emma M. Horman. After schooling in Chicago, she attended the University of California, Los Angeles and Columbia University in New York City.
Career.
Hausam began her career in California around 1912. Initially a teacher, she assumed various responsibilities in institutes dealing with pioneering vocational services for women. In 1919, she established and headed the Pasadena Vocational Bureau. On the basis of the success of the services in Pasadena, a couple of years later the Bureau of Vocational Services in Los Angeles was established, again with Hausam at the Helm. She had already become vice-chair of the National Committee of Bureaus of Occupation and director of vocational services at the California Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs. While in Pasadena, she published "Outdoor occupations for women in California" (1922). By 1934, Hausam reported the Pasadena Vocational Bureau had helped hundreds of women to find work. In 1936, as head of the employment bureau, she announced that Pasadena was in the forefront of placing women in private industry, specifying that 846 women had been placed in December 1935 while there had generally been a decline elsewhere.
In 1931, together with her associate Helen Fisk, she established the Western Personnel Service, later the Western Personnel Institute. She explained the progress achieved and priorities for the future in "Guidance of Adults: Outside of Full-time School Situations", published in 1934.
Winifred May Hausam continued to head the Western Personnel Institute until her retirement in 1961. She died in Pasadena on October 1, 1967, and is buried in Mountain View Cemetery, Altadena, Los Angeles County.
Legacy.
Established in 1973 by the School of Educational Studies at the Claremont Graduate University, the Winifred Hausam–Helen Fisk Award for Distinction in Higher Education honors outstanding service and academic achievement in higher education. It is presented to a doctoral student who has demonstrated exceptional ability in academic studies, scholarly writing, internship and service to students. The award celebrates the memory of Winifred Hausam and Helen Graves Fisk (1895-1986), both of whom pioneered vocational opportunities for women and contributed to developing professional services for college students.

</doc>
<doc id="56872690" url="?curid=56872690" title="Microphysogobio yaluensis">
Microphysogobio yaluensis

Microphysogobio yaluensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Korean peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="56872713" url="?curid=56872713" title="Romanic architecture in Sardinia">
Romanic architecture in Sardinia


</doc>
<doc id="56872714" url="?curid=56872714" title="Frank Parsons (footballer, born 1947)">
Frank Parsons (footballer, born 1947)


</doc>
<doc id="56872718" url="?curid=56872718" title="Kentucky Bluebird (song)">
Kentucky Bluebird (song)


</doc>
<doc id="56872723" url="?curid=56872723" title="Pūcalār">
Pūcalār


</doc>
<doc id="56872726" url="?curid=56872726" title="Robert M. Patterson">
Robert M. Patterson

Robert M. Patterson could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56872728" url="?curid=56872728" title="Microphysogobio yunnanensis">
Microphysogobio yunnanensis

Microphysogobio yunnanensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in the upper Mekong River basin in China and the Búa River in northern Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56872731" url="?curid=56872731" title="Abdullah al-Dahdouh">
Abdullah al-Dahdouh

Abdullah Al-Dahdouh (1966 Tangier, Morocco –13 March 2012 Brussels, Belgium) was a Muslim scholar from Morocco. He established the Islamic Center of Imam Reza in Brussels, Belgium.
Biography.
Al-Dahdouh was born in Tangier, Morocco in 1966. Hailing from the Sunni family, he decided to go to Qom in 1980 to continue his religious education in the Hawza of Qom. Upon return to Belgium, he gathered a big following of Sunnis who became Shia Muslims.
Death.
Al-Dahdouh was murdered in an unprovoked attack by a Salafi in the Islamic Center of Imam Reza in Brussels, Belgium on 13 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56872745" url="?curid=56872745" title="2018 Romanian Snooker Masters">
2018 Romanian Snooker Masters


</doc>
<doc id="56872748" url="?curid=56872748" title="Surhan Gas Chemical">
Surhan Gas Chemical

Surhan Gas Chemical is a company from Uzbekistan who managing the works on additional exploration and development of the largest field of Uzbekistan "25 years of independence" under the terms of the Production Sharing Agreement.
History.
6 April 2017 was signed the production sharing agreement with investment block «Uzbekiston Mustakilligi» with additional exploration and development of field "25 years of independence" in Surxondaryo Region of Uzbekistan.
As part of the project to develop the gas field "25 years of independence" was created Surhan Gas Chemica Operating Company who began work on additional exploration on 26 September 2017.
25 January 2018 Surhan Gas Chemica Operating Company started work on the construction of an appraisal well in the field "25 years of independence".
Activity.
Operating Company of gas field "25 years of independence" Surhan Gas Chemical works in the following areas:
Term is 35 years. At the first stage will create capacities for gas production and processing. The area of the investment block is 3,600 sq. km.
Management.
Investors of Surhan Gas Chemical are ALTMAX HOLDING LTD, Gas Project Development Central Asia AG, «Uzneftegazdobicha».
CEO is Andrey Ignatov.

</doc>
<doc id="56872749" url="?curid=56872749" title="Consensus cosmogony">
Consensus cosmogony


</doc>
<doc id="56872763" url="?curid=56872763" title="Tina van de Flierdt">
Tina van de Flierdt

Tina van de Flierdt (born 1973) is a Professor of Isotope Geochemistry at Imperial College London.
Education.
Van de Flierdt grew up in rural western Germany. In 2000 van de Flierdt completed a diploma in Geology at the University of Bonn. She earned a PhD at ETH Zurich in 2003, working with Alexander Halliday.
Career.
Van de Flierdt is interested in the marine-terminating sector of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet during past warm periods. Her research looks to develop new geochemical and isotopic tracers in marine geochemistry, paleoceanography and paleoclimate, with particular focus on radiogenic isotopes. She is co-lead of the MAGIC Isotope group in the Department of Earth Sciences at Imperial College London. She is also a research at the Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University.
She is part of the international Geotraces program. Part of the Geotraces program is to ensure results for trace elements and isotopes collected on different cruises by different laboratories can be compared in a meaningful way. Van de Flierdt is building a global database of neodymium in the oceans and researching the implications for paleoceanography research.
In 2012 she won a Leverhulme Trust grant to research deep sea corals. She was part of the Natural Environment Research Council project SWEET, "Super-Warm Early Eocene Temperatures and climate". She has led several major NERC grants, totalling well over a £1,000,000 as principal investigator. Van de Flierdt is a member of the Royal Society's International Exchange Committee. She is an editor of Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta. She has appeared on the podcast "Forecast: Climate Conversations".

</doc>
<doc id="56872764" url="?curid=56872764" title="Chamaeleolis barbatus">
Chamaeleolis barbatus


</doc>
<doc id="56872777" url="?curid=56872777" title="Cuntaramūrtti">
Cuntaramūrtti


</doc>
<doc id="56872789" url="?curid=56872789" title="Kingsley (surname)">
Kingsley (surname)


</doc>
<doc id="56872803" url="?curid=56872803" title="Roll your own">
Roll your own


</doc>
<doc id="56872805" url="?curid=56872805" title="Magyar Pénzverő Zrt.">
Magyar Pénzverő Zrt.


</doc>
<doc id="56872822" url="?curid=56872822" title="Civic Archives in Bozen-Bolzano">
Civic Archives in Bozen-Bolzano

The Civic Archives in Bozen-Bolzano (German: "Stadtarchiv Bozen"; Italian: "Archivio Storico della Città di Bolzano") are the municipal archive of the city of Bolzano in South Tyrol, Italy. They are located in the old town hall and store documents from over 700 years of civic and regional history.
History.
The records of the Civic Archives and their language reflect the complex and rich History of the Alps and especially the History of South Tyrol, being the oldest documentation from the late 13th century onwards written exclusively in Latin and German. Only from the annexation of the Southern Tyrol after World War I by Italy in 1919/20 onwards, the records are mainly kept in Italian.
The first mentions about the Bolzano records keeping are dating back to the late XV century. In 1472 the "burgermeister" Konrad Lerhueber instituted the so called "Stadtbuch" as the towns official register of legal acts.
In 1776 the civic council, on behalf of the burgermeister Franz von Gumer, decided to gather the municipal records within the old town hall and ordered the civic scrivener Johann Felix Gigl to collect the archives.
As in 1907 the municipality moved to Bolzano's new town hall, the historic documents were transferred to the Civic Museum and recorded by the Austrian historian and archivist Karl Klaar who made an inventory still valid today. In 2002 the whole documentation returned to the old town hall, in the meantime adapted as site of the historic archives.
Holdings.
Among the many documents preserved, of peculiar interest to the historic sciences are the archives of the former Hospital to the Holy Spirit ("Heilig-Geist-Spital") existing from the late 13th to the 19th centuries. Also the archives of the former autonomous communities of Gries and Zwölfmalgreien ("Dodiciville") are kept by the Civic Archives. The oldest document today existing is a fragment of Bede's "Commentaries on Proverbs". There is also preserved an excerpt of the Middle High German Christherre-Chronik in a copy dating back to 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56872823" url="?curid=56872823" title="1976 Adur District Council election">
1976 Adur District Council election

Elections to the Adur District Council were held on 6 May 1976, with the entire council up for election. The two councillors in Marine elected as Residents were defending their seats as Independents. Overall turnout was recorded at 51.8%.
The election resulted in the council remaining under no overall control.
Election result.
This resulted in the following composition of the council:
Ward results.
+/- figures represent changes from the last time these wards were contested.

</doc>
<doc id="56872833" url="?curid=56872833" title="Australian White rabbit (disambiguation)">
Australian White rabbit (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56872836" url="?curid=56872836" title="Yvonne Boyer">
Yvonne Boyer

Yvonne Boyer (born October 25, 1953) is a Canadian lawyer who was named to the Senate of Canada on March 25, 2018, as a Senator for Ontario by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. A Métis, Boyer is the first Indigenous person appointed to the Senate from Ontario. She lives in Merrickville, Ontario, near Ottawa.
As a lawyer, Boyer has been outspoken in her criticisms of inequities in Canada's health care in its treatment of and availability to Indigenous peoples.
Boyer is a member of the Métis Nation of Ontario and has ancestral roots in the Métis Nation of Saskatchewan and Red River, Manitoba. As well as being a lawyer, at the time of her appointment to the Upper House she was a professor in the law faculty at the University of Ottawa and associate director at the school's Centre for Health Law, Policy and Ethics. She is also a former member of the Canadian Human Rights Commission and has also served as in-house counsel for the Native Women's Association of Canada, and as a senior policy analyst and legal adviser at the National Aboriginal Health Organization.
Boyer's appointment to the Senate was recommended by the Independent Advisory Board for Senate Appointments.

</doc>
<doc id="56872847" url="?curid=56872847" title="Michael Kratsios">
Michael Kratsios

Michael John Kotsakas Kratsios (born November 7, 1986) is an American business executive and government official. He served as the fourth Chief Technology Officer of the United States at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. In this role, Kratsios served as President Donald Trump's top technology advisor. From July 10, 2020 to January 20, 2021, Kratsios was also the Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.
Education.
Kratsios' family is from Volissos, Chios, in Greece. He graduated from Richland Northeast High School in Columbia, South Carolina, in 2004. He then studied at Princeton University and graduated with a B.A. in politics and a certificate in Hellenic studies in 2008. Kratsios completed a 125-page long senior thesis, titled "Economics and Voting in the Third Hellenic Republic: An Aggregate and Individual-Level Analysis of the Greek Electorate, 1985-2007," under the supervision of Markus Prior. He was a visiting scholar at Tsinghua University in Beijing.
Career.
While in college, Kratsios was an intern for U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham and editor-in-chief and president of "Business Today". Following his time at Princeton, he worked for Barclays Capital and Lyford Group International, and later served as the chief financial officer of Clarium Capital Management.
Prior to joining the Trump administration as deputy assistant to the president, Kratsios was a principal at Thiel Capital and served as chief of staff to entrepreneur and venture capitalist Peter Thiel.
White House.
Kratsios joined the White House in 2017 as Deputy Assistant to the President for Technology Policy. In March 2019, the White House announced that President Trump would nominate Kratsios as the next U.S. CTO and an associate director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. On August 1, 2019, the U.S. Senate voted unanimously to confirm him as the fourth U.S. CTO.
At the White House, Kratsios advocated for the promotion of emerging technologies in the United States. Under his leadership, the White House hosted the American Leadership in Emerging Technology Summit during the Administration's Technology Week in June 2017, kicking off a multi-year effort to prioritize domains in which the United States must ensure technological preeminence to maintain a strong economy and safeguard national security.
Kratsios led administration efforts on artificial intelligence and quantum information science. Kratsios is the architect of the American AI Initiative, the national strategy for promoting American leadership in AI. He also oversaw the implementation of the bipartisan National Quantum Initiative Act, including the establishment of a new National Quantum Coordination Office in the White House. In August 2020, Kratsios announced a billion dollar investment in research institutes to advance AI and quantum R&amp;D in the United States. Kratsios was responsible for developing a first-of-its-kind set set of regulatory principles to govern AI development in the private sector. In January 2020, Kratsios announced the establishment of the National AI Initiative Office at the White House. He also led the White House effort to integrate drones into the national airspace system, resulting in a presidential memorandum signed October 25, 2017, that called for the establishment of the Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Integration Pilot Program.
In March 2020, Kratsios launched the COVID-19 High Performance Computing Consortium, the largest public-private computing partnership ever created, to match researchers with the world’s most powerful computing resources, accelerating the pace of scientific discovery in the fight against the virus.
Kratsios has represented the United States as Head of Delegation at a number of international fora, including G7 Technology Ministerials in Turin, Montreal, and Paris, and G20 Digital Economic Ministerials in Salta, Argentina and Tsukuba, Japan. He worked with U.S. allies, including in the G7, to counter China in AI policy, and during his tenure, the U.S. joined the Global Partnership on AI.
Kratsios also led U.S. efforts at the OECD to develop the OECD Recommendations on AI, the world's first intergovernmental policy guidelines for AI.
Department of Defense.
On July 13, 2020, the U.S. Department of Defense announced Kratsios would serve as its Acting Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. In this role, Kratsios served as the third highest ranking official at the Department of Defense and the principal advisor to the Secretary of Defense for technology, supervising all defense research and engineering, technology development, technology transition, prototyping activities, experimentation, and developmental testing activities and programs. Kratsios also oversaw the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Missile Defense Agency, the Defense Innovation Unit, the Space Development Agency, and the DOD laboratory enterprise. Kratsios managed a $106 billion research and development budget, the largest in the world.
Kratsios has advocated for the Department to better leverage its unique testing authorities to accelerate innovation, to strengthen its research and development partnerships with startups and smaller innovators, and to enhance its strategic R&amp;D collaboration with America's international allies. Kratsios led the Department’s efforts to accelerate the adoption of 5G, and in October 2020, announced $600 million in awards for 5G experimentation and testing at five U.S. military test sites, representing the largest full-scale 5G tests for dual-use applications in the world.
Kratsios has also advocated for greater participation of historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and minority serving institutions (MSIs) in the defense industrial base. In September 2020, Kratsios announced $50 million in grants to HBCUs and MSIs to conduct research in defense priority areas.
Scale AI Inc..
In March 2021, Kratsios joined data management startup Scale AI Inc. as its managing director and head of strategy, which is a new role within the company.
Recognition.
Kratsios was included in Fortune Magazine’s “40 Under 40” list in 2019 and was honored as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2020. Kratsios is the recipient of the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service, the highest honorary award which can be conferred on a non-career Federal employee or private citizen. Kratsios was also awarded the Archbishop Iakovos Leadership 100 Award for Excellence by the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America in 2020.
Kratsios has been published in The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Wired,Bloomberg, Fortune, and CNN.

</doc>
<doc id="56872869" url="?curid=56872869" title="State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Rewari">
State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Rewari

The Rao Birender Singh State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Rewari (Hindi: राव बीरेंद्र सिंह राजकीय अभियांत्रिकी एवं प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान, रेवाड़ी) (abbreviated RBSSIETR) is a public government engineering institution located in Zainabad,Rewari. It is among the four engineering college run by the Government of Haryana, the other being Ch. Devi Lal State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Sirsa , State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Nilokheri (Karnal) and Ch. Ranbir Singh State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Jhajjar.
History.
Rao Birender Singh State Institute of Engineering &amp; Technology, Rewari was earlier known as Govt Engineering College Zainabad,Rewari Haryana is also known as RBS Engineering College Zainabad. Rao Birender Singh Govt. Engineering College zainabad, Rewari, Haryana proposed in 2013 and its foundation stone was laid in 2014.
References.
1.)
2.)
3.)
4.)

</doc>
<doc id="56872985" url="?curid=56872985" title="1983 Citrus Bowl">
1983 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56872994" url="?curid=56872994" title="1984 Citrus Bowl">
1984 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873008" url="?curid=56873008" title="Irish Section 110 Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV)">
Irish Section 110 Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV)

An Irish Section 110 special purpose vehicle (SPV) or section 110 company, is an Irish tax resident company, which qualifies under "Section 110" of the "Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997" (TCA) for a special tax regime that enables the SPV to attain "tax neutrality": i.e. the SPV pays no Irish taxes, VAT, or duties.
Section 110 was created in 1997 to help International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) legal and accounting firms compete for the administration of global securitisation deals, and by 2017 was the largest structured finance vehicle in EU securitisation. Section 110 SPVs have made the IFSC the third largest global Shadow Banking OFC. While they pay no Irish tax, they contribute €100 million annually to the Irish economy in fees paid to IFSC legal and accounting firms.
In June 2016, it was discovered that US distressed debt funds used Section 110 SPVs, structured by IFSC service firms, to avoid Irish taxes on €80 billion of Irish domestic investments. The cost to the Irish exchequer has been material. Despite the scale of the avoidance, Irish Revenue attempted no investigation or prosecution. The Irish Government's response to the scandal in 2016–2017 was unusual, closing some loopholes but leaving others open, including a five-year capital gains tax (CGT) exemption to aid alternative restructuring. The affair is a source of dispute.
The abuses were discovered because Section 110 SPVs file public accounts with the Irish CRO. In 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland upgraded the L–QIAIF, to give the same tax-free structure on Irish assets held via debt as the Section 110 SPV, but without having to file public accounts with the Irish CRO.
Academic research in 2016–2018, showed IFSC Section 110 SPVs are largely unregulated, operating like brass plate companies with low supervision from the Revenue or the Central Bank of Ireland. It showed Section 110 SPVs were used by sanctioned/prohibited Russian banks. A June 2017 study published in Nature listed Ireland as one of the global Conduit OFCs which use SPVs to route funds to tax havens. In March 2018, the Financial Stability Forum showed SPVs had made Ireland the 3rd largest Shadow Banking OFC. In June 2018, tax academics showed Ireland was the world's largest tax haven.
Creation.
While Ireland had created securitisation SPVs from 1991 onwards for their emerging International Financial Services Centre (IFSC), Section 110 of the 1997 Taxes and Consolidation Act (TCA) introduced more advanced SPVs to enable the IFSC complete in the global securitisation market.
The new Section 110 SPV was fully tax neutral (also known as tax transparent), which meant that with appropriate financial structuring, no Irish taxes (including Irish income taxes, capital gains taxes, withholding taxes or even Irish VAT and Irish stamp duty) would apply inside the new Irish Section 110 SPV.
Full tax neutrality was available as standard in the offshore financial centres who already had zero domestic taxes (i.e. Bermuda, the Cayman). As tax havens however, their reputation, and a restricted network of global tax treaties, made then less acceptable to the banks who originate securitisation SPVs.
Onshore competitors, like Luxembourg and the Netherlands, used a civil law legal system, also less favored by securitisation originators
Irish companies had access to the EU's network of tax treaties in a preferred common law legal system. However, offering Irish companies as vehicles for tax neutral securitisations bought risks to the tax base of the Irish economy as Irish domestic assets and businesses could be repackaged into Section 110 "qualifying assets".
Explicit solutions (i.e. the SPV could not hold Irish assets) were ruled out as the Section 110 SPV could be challenged as a non-ordinary Irish company, losing tax treaty access. Instead, controls were introduced, that while less explicit, would collectively ensure Section 110 SPVs were confined to global securitisation:
While IFSC law firms lobbied for the removal of i. &amp; iii. (above), and exemptions from improvements in Irish company law, these controls seemed to work. There is no record of any entity (Irish or foreign) using Section 110 SPVs to avoid Irish tax on Irish domestic investments or businesses until circa 2012 ().
Note, Irish banks use Section 110 SPVs to raise capital to finance their Irish mortgage books in the global capital markets (they all have IFSC offices). However, as the source Irish borrower pays loan interest to the Irish bank, who then incurs Irish taxes inside their Irish-taxed corporate bank structure, there is no loss of Irish taxes to the Irish exchequer.
In contrast, if Irish borrowers paid loan interest into a Section 110 SPV, no Irish taxes are ever paid, causing a permanent loss to the exchequer. Irish anti-avoidance rules (iii. above), would kick-in and apply Irish withholding taxes of 20% in such situations, but the Irish Revenue would controversially set these anti-avoidance rules aside in 2016 ().
Features.
Qualifying company.
For Irish Section 110 SPVs to be accepted under EU tax treaties (and be OECD-whitelisted), they must to be ordinary Irish resident companies, in Irish and EU Company Law.
In this regard, more advanced and/or aggressive Irish tax-neutral vehicles, which are fully tax-free and can be operated in greater secrecy from public views, such as the Qualifying investor alternative investment fund (QIAIF), or LQIAIFs and QIFs, were not deemed suitable for the global securitisation transaction marketplace.
As an ordinary Irish company, a Section 110 SPV usually takes one of 3 main forms:
A "qualifying company" under Section 110 of the 1997 TCA means a company which: 
Qualifying assets.
The list of "qualifying assets" which can be held inside an Irish Section 110 SPV is large (it has been extended with subsequent Irish Finance Acts).
It goes well beyond the original classic securitisation categories and currently includes:
Structural elements.
There are three key elements relevant to structuring Irish Section 110 SPVs (as discussed in attached references):
These structuring elements are also discussed in more detail in the briefing notes issues by the Revenue Commissioners on Section 110 SPVs.
Orphan structure.
In common with most securitisation vehicles, Irish Section 110 SPVs use an orphan structure in which the equity is held by an unconnected third party who has no effective rights or controls on the SPV. Irish registered charitable trusts were a common choice (some Irish law firms went so far as to create their own in-house registered charities). However, a public scandal in 2016 regarding use of Irish Section 110 SPVs in domestic Irish tax avoidance (see ) led to a ruling by the Irish Charity Regulator prohibiting Irish registered charities from owning equity in Section 110 SPVs. Orphaning is a potentially strong tax avoidance tool as it allows equity to be restructured into tax-free debt (see ), and the Revenue Commissioners reserve the right to challenge cases created for tax avoidance, although they have never done so in practice.
Participation notes.
The TCA 1997 legislation includes a headline tax rate of 25% on non-trading income so that the SPV is regarded as an Irish taxable entity. Thus, the Section 110 SPV is not presented overtly as a tax-free vehicle (i.e. unlike an Irish QIAIF), which would attract adverse attention from other tax authorities (under tax treaty rules), or regulators (e.g. EU or OECD).
To get to a zero-tax position, the TCA 1997 allows "Profit Participation Notes" (PPNs). These are artificial internal loans to the SPV, whose rate of interest can be sufficiently variable to absorb all income/gains generated in the SPV. As an Irish trading company, the SPV can charge loan interest as an expense (deductible against Irish tax), rather than a deemed profit distribution (not deductible against Irish tax).
PPNs are often domiciled in a tax haven (a dutch sandwich may be needed to avoid Irish withholding tax transferring the PPN interest payments to the tax haven). PPNs are often sought to be classed as "Eurobonds" in the Irish tax legislation which gives them additional tax robustness, and also allows the PPN to be integrated with the Irish QIAIF regime, also tax-free, and held in a more stable corporate tax haven such as Luxembourg. Where the PPNs fail to achieve "Eurobond" classification, the PPNs can be owned by an Irish QIAIF, who will then issue qualifying "Eurobonds" from a sink ofc jurisdiction.
While the various Irish Finance Acts strengthened the rules on PPNs (the 2016 Finance Act mentions a "market rate" of interest and that structures should be created on an "arms length" bases), the effective rules, and the list of exemptions and exempted parties, allow considerable freedom in structuring PPNs to sweep up all income generated by the "qualifying assets" in the SPV (via PPN interest payments). Irish professional services firms, who lead the drafting of Irish tax legislation, can provide the corporate finance services needed to produce evidence satisfying the "market rate" and "arms length" tests.
As Ireland has no thin capitalisation rules, the Section 110 SPV can be 100% financed by PPN debt, making the SPV a fully tax-free vehicle (i.e. no equity leakage).
Tax residence.
To qualify as an Irish resident company the Section 110 SPV needs to meet minimum tests from the Irish Revenue to demonstrate that the SPV is (a) incorporated in Ireland and (b) "managed and controlled" from Ireland. The orphaning process will ensure the relevant trust that "owns" the SPV equity is Irish domiciled, thus satisfying the incorporation test. The "managed and controlled" test is vaguer (based on UK case law) but typically results in the SPV requiring two Irish resident directors, a registered Irish office, an Irish-based administrator, and that the key Board meetings are held in Ireland.
Approval process.
There is no process for approving the creation of a Section 110 SPV. Luxembourg Leaks showed pre-approving vehicles, risks challenges under EU State aid rules, resulting in sanctions and fines. The entire economic benefit of the SPV sector to Ireland (of which Section 110 is a subset) is only circa €100m in annual fees paid to Irish professional services firms (SPVs pay no Irish taxes).
Irish Revenue Commissioners reserve the right to challenge existing Irish Section 110 SPVs under the general Irish anti-avoidance legislation. However, as since the creation of Section 110 SPVs in 1997, no case has ever been brought by the Irish Revenue against an Irish Section 110 SPV. Up until 2017, no audit even has ever been undertaken by Irish Revenue into the activities of an Irish Section 110 SPV.
The Section 110 SPV is therefore set up and a notice sent to the Irish Revenue declaring the intention of the Directors to file under Section 110 of the 1997 TCA. Before 2010, there was no obligation the Irish Revenue to acknowledge this notice was received, however, this has recently been formalised to an 8–week notice period. The IDSA is lobbying for a 24–hour "online" approval system (as per the QIAIFs).
Evolution.
By 2017, the Irish Section 110 SPV was the most popular securitisation SPV in the EU. In addition, the Irish Section 110 SPV expanded its adoption and use far beyond the original securitisation market to make the IFSC the 3rd largest Shadow Banking OFC in the world. While SPVs pay no Irish tax, the generate circa €100m annually for the Irish economy in fees paid to law firms.
IFSC law firms successfully lobbied in the 2003 and 2005 Finance Acts for the withholding tax rules to be relaxed for Section 110 SPVs (and especially for Eurobond financing). They argued Irish Revenue could still challenge any Section 110 SPV deemed unfit (ii. ), and that the withholding tax rules put the IFSC at a disadvantage versus Luxembourg.
Successive Irish Finance Acts (2003, 2008, 2011 and 2016) extended the list of "qualifying assets" beyond the classic categories that make up the bulk of the global securitisation market. According to IDSA (Irish Debt Securities Association, the Section 110 SPV lobby group created by IFSC tax-law firm, Matheson in 2013), the only asset which Irish Section 110 SPVs cannot invest in is direct Irish or non-Irish property (Ireland has REITs for this).
Section 110 SPV legislation has been refined around the treatment of PPNs so they are acceptable to the widest tax treaty network. The focus has been around tightening the language around "arm's length" or "market tested" rates of PPN interest. However the rules remain sufficiently broad, and the exclusions sufficiently general, to materially limit the effect of these changes. A particular aim is enabling the PPN's to be classed as "Eurobonds" so they can be legally domiciled in Luxembourg, which has become a key "backdoor" out of the Irish corporate tax regime into a full Sink OFC.
To protect the PPNs from the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), which target instruments like PPNs, the Irish Government allows Section 110 SPVs to file accounts under old Irish GAAP (GAAP 2004). In addition the 2010 Transfer Pricing rules do not apply to Section 110 SPVs.
Irish professional services have developed ways to link Irish Section 110 SPVs with Irish QIAIFs (or QIFs) to create an Orphaned Super–QIAIF. This vehicle combines the secrecy of the Irish QIAIF structures (unlike SPVs, QIAIFs don't file Irish public accounts), with the tax neutrality and global acceptability of the Irish Section 110 SPV. Using a QIAIF to "own" the Section 110 PPNs, which can be "back-to-backed" with newly issued "eurobonds" from the QIAIF, is an established "backdoor" out of the Irish tax system to Luxembourg, the main Sink OFC for Ireland.
Abuses of Section 110 SPVs in the Irish domestic market (see below), led Finance Minister Michael Noonan to make changes in light of ".. use of aggressive tax practices by some Section 110 companies to avoid paying tax..." The new rules are complex but prohibit Section 110 SPVs from holding direct Irish property and tighten the Irish Revenue notification process to 8 weeks. ()
The abuses highlighted that the Central Bank of Ireland provides little effective regulation on Section 110 SPVs, however, they were only uncovered because the Section 110 SPV must file public accounts with the Irish CRO. In late 2016 the Central Bank of Ireland began a consultation process to upgrade the little-used L–QIAIF regime. In February 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland changed its AIF "Rulebook" to allow L–QIAIFs hold the same assets that Section 110 SPVs could own. However, the upgraded L–QIAIFs offered two specific improvements over the Section 110 SPV:
Three months after the Irish Central Bank updated its AIF "Rulebook", the Irish Revenue Commissioners issued new guidance in May 2018 on Section 110 SPV taxation which would further reduce their attractiveness as a mechanism to avoid Irish taxes on Irish assets. In June 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland reported that €55 billion of U.S.-owned distressed Irish assets, equivalent to 25% of Irish GNI*, moved out of Section 110 SPVs and into L-QIAIFs. The L–QIAIF, and the ICAV wrapper, is expected to take over as the main structure for avoiding Irish tax on Irish assets in a confidential manner.
Abuses.
The abuses below were uncovered because Section 110 SPVs have to file public accounts with the Irish CRO. The Central Bank of Ireland has addressed this aspect of Section 110 SPVs by upgrading the little used L–QIAIF regime in February 2018 to give the same tax-free structure to hold Irish assets via debt instruments, but in a confidential structure (discussed further in Ireland as a tax haven).
Vulture fund tax avoidance.
From the 1997 TCA to the Irish crisis in 2009, there is no known case of a Section 110 SPV being used to avoid Irish domestic taxes on Irish assets or businesses. They were confined to global finance as was intended. Per earlier (), while Irish banks used Section 110 SPVs to raise global capital for Irish loan books, they never used Section 110 SPVs to avoid Irish taxes on their Irish activities (the Irish borrower paid interest to the Irish bank, and not into a Section 110 SPV).
The Irish financial media noted in 2016 that US distressed debt funds (known by the pejorative term–vulture funds) were filing Irish company CRO accounts with large profits on their Irish investments (made from 2012 onwards), but no Irish tax payments. They could also see that the equity of these companies was "owned" by Irish-registered charities (children's charities in cases), some of which were operated by IFSC-based law firms.
The CRO filings showed these vulture funds were using orphaned Section 110 SPVs, structured by IFSC–based law firms (e.g. Matheson, A&amp;L Goodbody and Dillon Eustace and Mayson Hayes Curran), who use Section 110 SPVs in securitisation work, to export untaxed income and capital gains earned on domestic Irish assets to offshore locations (via the PPN interest payments), such as the Cayman Islands.
Funds using the Section 110 SPVs included the largest names in distressed investing, including:
Mezzanine capital lenders were also using Section 110 SPVs to avoid taxes but in addition, by restructuring the equity of their clients into Section 110 "qualifying loans", they helped their Irish borrowers reduce Irish domestic corporation tax. The State's Irish Strategic Investment Fund was a co-investor in these firms (e.g. BlueBay Capital, Cardinal Capital).
It emerged that the regulator of Section 110 SPVs, the Central Bank of Ireland, was paying rent to a US vulture fund landlord, that had structured their investment to avoid all Irish taxes, and stamp duty, on the rent.
The Irish media uncovered that the National Asset Management Agency, presented to distressed debt funds in London on how to use Section 110 SPVs (and QIAIFs) to avoid Irish taxes on their Irish investments.
Public statements, Guideline Bulletins, and FOI Data, from the Irish Revenue, implied that Irish Revenue (a) knew these funds were using Section 110 SPVs in the domestic Irish market, and (b) that Irish Revenue were prepared to issue rulings to amend their own anti-avoidance rules (esp. withholding tax rules and CG50 land certificates) to facilitate the tax avoidance.
Stephen Donnelly TD, called for a Dáil investigation and produced calculations based on the €80 billion of published loan balances sold by the National Asset Management Agency (or "NAMA") to the US funds for circa €40 billion. Donnelly estimated that the loss of Irish taxes over the next decade from these assets being taken out of the Irish tax system (i.e. base erosion and profit shifting effects), could reach €20 billion (or €2 billion per annum). The Irish Times calculated the total economic contribution of Section 110 SPVs since their creation, would be vastly exceeded by these tax losses.
The affair escalated into a major public scandal during 2016, and was covered as such in the international media, and in several Irish RTÉ "Prime Time Investigates" programs.
The Irish Government claimed that the U.S. funds had discovered unknown but legitimate loopholes, which they moved to close in the 2016 Finance Act. The Government budgeted €50 million in total additional taxes from the closure of these loopholes, however NAMA, a small investor in Section 110 SPVs, disclosed an immediate €158 million tax charge due to the Act. The slowness of the Government's response in closing these "perceived" loopholes, and the extensive list of exemptions (including a 5-year CGT exemption), and excluded parties to the Act, remains a source of dispute.
Irish Revenue attempted no prosecution for the acknowledged tax-avoidance. Funds could leave Section 110 SPVs in place and continue to earn tax-free gains, as long as they did not foreclose. If they foreclosed, they had a period in which to sell the assets, and hence the 5–year CGT exemption. They could also transfer their Section 110 assets into a more confidential QIAIF (and later, an LQIAIF), also using the 5–year CGT exemption to avoid incurring taxes while restructuring.
The limited response of the Irish Government led some Irish commentators to wonder if the vulture funds had their support (i.e. there was no loophole just a "blind eye").
In June 2018, the Central Bank of Ireland reported that €55 billion in Irish assets, owned by U.S. distressed debt funds, equivalent to 25% of Irish GNI*, moved out of Section 110 SPVs. This figure exceeded Stephen Donnelly's 2016 estimate of €40 billion in Irish distressed asset values hiding in Section 110 SPVs (representing €80 billion in loan balances). The Central Bank of Ireland had begun a process to upgrade the tax-free L–QIAIF regime in November 2016 (just after Minister Noonan closed the "perceived" Section 110 loopholes). In February 2018, the Central Bank relaunched the historically little-used L-QIAIF, with the same tax-free features as the Section 110 SPV, but with the distinction that L-QIAIFs do not have to file public CRO accounts. The L–QIAIF is now the main vehicle for U.S. distressed debt funds shielding against Irish tax on their Irish assets.
In March 2019, the UN Special Rapporter on housing, Leilani Farha, formally wrote to the Irish Government on behalf of the UN, regarding its concerns regarding "preferential tax laws" for foreign investment funds on Irish assets which were compromising the human rights of tenants in Ireland. In April 2019, Irish technology entrepreneur Paddy Cosgrave launched a Facebook campaign to highlight abuses of Section 110 SPVs, as well as QIAIFs and L-QIAIFs, stating: "The L-QIAIF runs the risk of being a weapon of mass destruction".
Unregulated shadow banking.
Research by Trinity College Dublin Professor Jim Stewart and Cillian Doyle show Section 110 SPVs are effectively unregulated and attract little oversight by the Irish Revenue or Central Bank. Even post the 2016 Finance Act (), the data asked for could not be used to assess the provenance of an Irish Section 110 SPV, or its source of funds.
Their research in particular noted the following:
Further research by Stewart and Doyle shows Russian firms funneled €100bn into Irish Section 110 SPVs since 2007. Some of these Russian firms appeared unsuitable from a number of perspectives (i.e. criminal or sanctioned activities). Many SPVs resembled a brass plate type set up - a situation the Irish Government has stated that it is adverse to.
Of particular note in this research was:
Stewart and Doyle's academic papers on Irish Section 110 SPVs highlight the combination of an anonymous (via orphaning), and tax-free (via the Profit Participation Notes), OECD–whitelisted wrapper, in an effectively unregulated environment, has coincided with Ireland's position as the world's 4th largest Shadow Banking OFC. Doyle identified certain Russian banks that were using these vehicles to create fictitious assets and hide losses on their balance sheet. Through an examination of one recently collapsed bank, MDM, the techniques used to create this scheme and the effects on the bank's balance sheet were explored.
The ex. Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland said the risks of Section 110 SPV abuse are not appreciated by the Irish Government. The IMF noted the same brass plate type regulation of Irish Section 110 SPVs. This was picked up by Oxfam who has listed Ireland as a top corporate tax haven. It has coincided with G20 economy, Brazil, blacklisting Ireland as a tax haven.
A 2017 seminal academic paper published in "Nature" on global offshore financial centres (OFCs) ("Uncovering Offshore Financial Centers: Conduits and Sinks in the Global Corporate Ownership Network") lists Ireland as one of five key global Conduit OFCs (with the Netherlands, UK, Singapore and Switzerland). The five Conduit-OFCs are the links to 24 Sink OFCs, which comprise the key offshore centres (i.e. the Cayman Islands). The Conduit-OFCs are the hubs which provide the regulatory reputation and the legal and taxation wappers (i.e. Section 110 SPVs) for money to get into, and out of, the Sink OFCs.

</doc>
<doc id="56873015" url="?curid=56873015" title="Mohammed Bin Rashid Library">
Mohammed Bin Rashid Library

The Mohammed Bin Rashid Library (MBR) is a large library in the Al Jaddaf locality of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, on Dubai Creek.
Overview.
The design of the library is inspired by the shape of a Turkish lectern. The main features of this library will be a conference centre, exhibition spaces, a children's library, a bookshop on the ground floor, reading halls, service areas, a business library, and training halls. The basement of the library will be able to accommodate around a thousand cars. 
The project is under construction at a cost of AED1 billion. 300,000 to 400,000 volumes will be available in the library's open-access section. The library will have book handling and information systems. The library has been designed by consortium of 'asp' Architekten Stuttgart, Obermeyer Planen+Beraten Munich and ACG Architecture Consulting Group. The structural design of the library and its foundation system was awarded from ACG to S. A. MIRO, INC. (www.samiro.com) for their experience in designing complicated structures similar to the library. The project's main contractor is ASGC Construction, a Dubai-based construction group.
History.
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum announced the conception of the library in February 2016, the "Year of Reading" in Dubai. Designed in the shape of an open book on a lectern, the seven-story library will cover 650,000 square feet of property and is expected to facilitate 9 million visitors annually. The Mohammed Bin Rashid Library will house over 4.5 million printed, digital, and audio books. The AED1 billion contract for the construction for the Mohammed Bin Rashid Library is the largest cultural project in Dubai. Construction began on September 2016, to be completed by mid-2018. As of December 2017, the construction of the library was 22% completed. In 2018 it was 72% complete.
The library was due to open in 2018 but was still under construction in 2019. As of February 2020, the facade was complete, the main structure was topped out, and the interior in late stages of development.
Services.
The library will encompass eight specialized collections, including an information centre, a media centre, an Arabic library, an international library, a public library, a business library, a youth library, a children’s library, a family library, and a reading corner. Furthermore, the library will include a center for conservation and preservation of books, manuscripts, and documents as well as a special library for the Al Maktoum Collection. The library will host over 100 cultural and intellectual events every year along with a permanent art gallery. The inclusion of a Civilization museum and an Arab Heritage Museum will allow people to embrace their Arab identity through heritage preservation initiatives. There will be a 500-seat theatre for lectures and seminars for launching intellectual and cultural events regionally and globally.
The MBR Library will have modern technology to serve scientific research and dissemination of knowledge. Hussein Nasser Lootah, Director-General of Dubai Municipality, has stated that the MBR Library will be a "world accredited reference in Arabic language and a destination for specialists, scientists, writers, poets, intellectuals, talented minds, and students. It will also serve as an incubation for publishers."
The nearest Dubai Metro station is Creek on the Green Line.

</doc>
<doc id="56873016" url="?curid=56873016" title="1987 Citrus Bowl">
1987 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873019" url="?curid=56873019" title="1988 Citrus Bowl">
1988 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873023" url="?curid=56873023" title="1989 Citrus Bowl">
1989 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873026" url="?curid=56873026" title="1990 Citrus Bowl">
1990 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873028" url="?curid=56873028" title="1991 Citrus Bowl">
1991 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873030" url="?curid=56873030" title="1992 Citrus Bowl">
1992 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873032" url="?curid=56873032" title="1993 Citrus Bowl">
1993 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873033" url="?curid=56873033" title="1994 Citrus Bowl">
1994 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873036" url="?curid=56873036" title="1995 Citrus Bowl">
1995 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873037" url="?curid=56873037" title="1996 Citrus Bowl">
1996 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873039" url="?curid=56873039" title="1997 Citrus Bowl">
1997 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873040" url="?curid=56873040" title="Niko de Vera">
Niko de Vera

Niko De Vera (born July 23, 1996) is a Filipino professional football player who plays as a left back for ADT in the Philippines Football League.
Career.
College &amp; Youth.
De Vera began his career in the youth academy of Portland Timbers in 2013. He made his professional debut in 2013 for the Timbers reserves at age 15. He also played four years of college soccer at the University of Akron between 2014 and 2017, appearing in 60 matches and scoring one goal and recording seven assists. While wearing the captains armband, he sent the zips to the final 4 scoring the winning penalty kick against Louisville. 
While in college, De Vera also appeared for Premier Development League side Portland Timbers U23s.
New York Red Bulls.
On January 19, 2018, De Vera was drafted in the second-round (31st overall) during the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by New York Red Bulls. On March 15, 2018, De Vera signed with New York Red Bulls. He made his professional debut on March 17, 2018 for United Soccer League side New York Red Bulls II, starting in a 2–1 win over Toronto FC II.
Portland Timbers 2.
De Vera joined USL Championship side Portland Timbers 2 on January 30, 2019. Timbers 2 opted to stop operating following the 2020 season.
International career.
De Vera was pre-called up by the Philippines in August 2019.
In October 2019, De Vera received a call-up for the Philippines, making the final 18 roster ahead of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against China.

</doc>
<doc id="56873041" url="?curid=56873041" title="Anna Taskomakare">
Anna Taskomakare

Anna Taskomakare (circa 1480 – died after 1528), was a Swedish merchant craftswoman and estate owner. She belonged to the most successful burghers in Stockholm in the 1520s. The name 'Anna Taskomakare' means "Anna the Bagmaker". She belongs to the very first women merchants in Sweden of whom there are any significant amount of information. 
The name of Anna's parents are unknown, but she was the sister of Simon Skräddare ("Simon the Tailor") and with him the heir of their parents, and born into the wealthy Stockholm burgher class: it is noted that her brother sold a stone house which had previously belonged to their parents in 1513. 
On an unknown date, Anna married a burgher craftsman of bags, who is named as "Bag Maker" but whose first name cannot be clearly established. It is clearly stated that both Anna's husband and brother were executed in the Stockholm Bloodbath of 1520. 
As a widow, Anna became more visible in the official documents. As was not uncommon, she is stated to have been active in the profession of her spouse before his death, though it was first as a widow when she is formally recognized as a bag maker, taking over the workshop and permission to manufacture and sell bags and purses from her late spouse. Aside from this, she also shared the inheritance from her wealthy brother with his widow Margit Priwalk, which gave her the capital to a parallel career as an estate owner. She bought, renovated and enlarged houses in Stockholm and rented them out. Further, she traded in iron from Arboga and copper from Kopparberg. She is described as successful and wealthy. 
In 1528, the king confiscated one of her shipments of copper and iron. As compensation, he gave her a stone house which had belonged to the religious organisation of Saint Catherine's Guild prior to the Swedish Reformation. This is the last documentation where she is mentioned, and the year of her death is unknown. 

</doc>
<doc id="56873044" url="?curid=56873044" title="1998 Citrus Bowl">
1998 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873046" url="?curid=56873046" title="2001 Citrus Bowl">
2001 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873050" url="?curid=56873050" title="2002 Citrus Bowl">
2002 Citrus Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56873054" url="?curid=56873054" title="Wolf Köpphel">
Wolf Köpphel


</doc>
<doc id="56873061" url="?curid=56873061" title="Potol Kumar Gaanwala">
Potol Kumar Gaanwala

Potol Kumar Gaanwala () () was an Indian musical Bengali television drama, which premiered on 14 December 2015. Star Jalsha. Potol Kumar Gaanwala replaced Ishti Kutum on 14 December 2015. The show starred Hiya Dey, Saheb Chatterjee, Swagata Mukherjee and Bhaskar Banerjee. The show was produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni. After almost two years, the show went off air on 10 September 2017. The show recorded highest trps during its telecast. It got replaced by Sanyashi Raja. It was re-aired on Star Jalsha and Star Jalsha HD during lockdown period, due to COVID-19. 
A Hindi remake, "Kullfi Kumarr Bajewala", started airing on Star Plus, produced by Gul Khan, Nilanjana Purkayasstha and Herumb Khot. There is a remake in Malayalam on Asianet titled "Vanambadi"; a Telugu version, "Koyilamma", airing on Star Maa; and a Tamil version, "Mouna Raagam", airing on Star Vijay.
It has also been remade in Sinhala as "Sakuge Kathawa" on the local channel Swarnavahini and dubbed Kullfi Kumarr Bajewala in Sinhala as "Mini Pahana Obai" on the local channel TV Derana and also dubbed in Kazakh as "Кулфи" on the Kazakh TV channel Astana TV..
Plot.
This show follows the story of a girl Potol, who is a singer, goes to Kolkata to search her father after her mother's demise whose identity she does not know. The show starts with saints singing bhajans but Subhaga warns them after hearing them. When Rashmoni teased her, she went away. Potol was following the ambassadors which were in front of her. She stopped them and sang a song with her soulful voice. Rashmoni went to search her. Subhaga was suffering from cancer. When Potol went to give milk in the temple, she was thrown out. For that, Rashmoni gets angry and in anger, she misbehaves with her children and with Potol. One night, Aditi intentionally hits Subhaga with her car. Subhaga meets with an accident. Potol used to sing to get money so that her mother can recover. When she went to the hospital to give money for her mother's treatment, they say that Subhaga is no more. Elsewhere, Potol thinks that her mother has recovered. When she sees her mother's dead body, she sings and also recollects the memory with her mother. After her mother's demise, she decided to go to Kolkata to search her father. Varun supports Potol. Potol takes the guise of a boy. She sings to get money for her haircut. To keep her mother's last wish, she disguises herself as a boy by getting a haircut of a man. When her aunt sees her, she couldn't recognize it to be Potol because of her short hair. She goes to Kolkata by train and she sings. One day, Chandan takes Potol to the Mullick mansion. She starts living in the Mullick mansion. But Tuli always misbehaves with her. On the day of Holi, Potol's aunt kidnapped Tuli. That night, Rashmomi catches Potol and takes her. She lived with the taxi driver and his wife, Kamala. One day, Potol's aunt lied Deepa by saying that Potol is a thief. When Potol again starts staying in the Mullick mansion, the full family becomes angry on her.Nobody believed Potol. Subhaga, the governess starts taking care of Potol as a mother. After Potol gets injured in a temple, she gets hospitalized. Tuli befriends with Potol. Potol suffers from memory loss. When Tuli learns the truth about Potol, she says Subhaga to move out of the house. One day, Ankita gives Potol a makeup of a joker and she gets embarrassed. Aditi plays a dirty game in the conference. Potol spoils the conference by slapping Tuli. When Potol brings Tuli home, Tuli slaps her. Elsewhere, Tridha and Sujon were also beside Potol. On the day of Potol's birthday, Tuli spoils the decoration. Elsewhere, Subhaga and Sujon redecorate. When Potol sings song, she sees her mother. Sujon couldn't believe Potol to be his daughter. Elsewhere, Tuli becomes angry. Rashmoni comes in the party to expose the truth that Potol didn't steal. Sujon divorces Aditi and Tridha takes Tuli to USA. After Tuli insults Subhaga by saying a outsider, she decides to leave the house. Potol stops her. Later, the family insists Sujon to marry Subhaga. Sujon and Subhaga get married. On the wedding night, Aditi and Tamali enter. Aditi tries to create obstacles in Potol's life. Aditi also said that she killed Potol's mother. Potol, Subhaga, Chandan, Sujon and his mother goes for vacation at Tiyahata. Aditi masks herself and follows them. Potol goes alone in the train towards the gate of the train. Suddenly, Aditi goes to the train. When they reach, Aditi follows them and goes in the same hotel where the Mullicks went. Aditi decides to kill Subhaga. One day, Aditi pushes Subhaga on the mountains and Subhaga falls down. Potol tries to grab Subhaga but Subhaga falls down and Subhaga dies. Later, Potol goes to a temple and burns her hand. 
12 years later.
The saints sing bhajans but Sujon warns. She doesn't allow Potol to song after Subhaga's incident on the mountains. Elsewhere, Potol goes to temple on her 18th birthday. She recollects the memory of that day when she went to give milk in the temple and was thrown out. Sujon goes to search Potol but suddenly he meets with an accident. Potol rescues Sujon. She refuses to get married. That night, Tridha brings Tuli back to the Mullick mansion by promising that when Potol will turn 18, Tridha will bring Tuli back. She starts befriend with Aahir after intoxicating. One day, Sujon meets with an accident and Sujon gets hospitalized. For the theatre, she disguises herself as a boy. Her aunt gets angry upon seeing this. Potol marries Aahir. Potol and Aahir go and stay at their house in village. That night, Aditi gets angry on Potol in the boat, but suddenly falls from the boat. Potol saves Aditi. Tuli tries to attack Potol with a gun and Aditi warns Tuli. Aditi gets arrested and Tuli leaves for her correction and Potol and Aahir live happily ever after. 

</doc>
<doc id="56873064" url="?curid=56873064" title="Lamer Winkel">
Lamer Winkel

The Lamer Winkel is a region in the northern Bavarian Forest between the mountains of Hoher Bogen, Osser, Arber and Kaitersberg; politically it belongs to the county of Cham in the Bavarian province of Upper Palatinate.
Geography.
This formerly remote valley is one of the most scenic regions of the Bavarian Forest and, as a result, has been heavily developed in recent decades for tourism. In the Lamer Winkel are the municipalities of Lohberg, Lam and Arrach, which form a popular holiday region, especially for families. 
The valley is surrounded by the densely wooded ridges of the Hoher Bogen and the Kunisch Mountains in the north and by the crests of the Arber and Kaitersberg in the south. There are numerous hiking trails to the surrounding summits as well as along the valley. Hiking, walking, cycling and, in winter, cross-country skiing are popular activities.
The Lamer Winkel is not only accessible by car, but also with the Oberpfalzbahn railway, which runs from Cham to Lam. The latter is the largest village in the valley and gives it its name. It remains an unspoilt market village.
History.
The Lamer Winkel was first developed in 1279 by clearance and settlement activity under the aegis of Rott am Inn Abbey. By 1420 most of the villages outside Lam had been established. In the 15th century, the Hussite Wars and Böckler War led to considerable devastation and abandonment. In the 16th century the villages and farmsteads were rebuilt The old glassworks, glass grinding workshops and hammer mills in Lohberghütte and Schrenkenthal developed into early industrial sites in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56873071" url="?curid=56873071" title="Kansas Geological Survey Bulletin">
Kansas Geological Survey Bulletin


</doc>
<doc id="56873081" url="?curid=56873081" title="Mini Beast from the East">
Mini Beast from the East


</doc>
<doc id="56873088" url="?curid=56873088" title="Farm to Market Road 3041">
Farm to Market Road 3041


</doc>
<doc id="56873090" url="?curid=56873090" title="Naval artillery magazines">
Naval artillery magazines


</doc>
<doc id="56873119" url="?curid=56873119" title="Telangana Sheep Distribution scheme">
Telangana Sheep Distribution scheme

Telangana Sheep Distribution scheme is a subsidized sheep distribution scheme in Telangana State, India by the Government of Telangana. The government by March 2018 distributed 1 crore 28 lakh sheep to the beneficiaries.
History.
The scheme was launched on 20 June 2017 by the Chief Minister of Telangana, K. Chandrashekhar Rao. Of the ₹1.25 lakhs cost per unit, the government provides 75% of the cost and 25% is borne by the beneficiary. The sheep population in Telangana is expected to multiply to four times in two years
The Scheme.
The scheme was started to strengthen the rural economy through empowerment of Golla and Kurma communities in their traditional occupations. It is implemented by Telangana State Sheep and Goat Development Cooperative Federation (TSSGDCF). The sheep are purchased from other states, in order to avoid recycling and increase the net population in the state. The sheep breeds chosen are Nellore Brown (Dora), Nellore Jodipi (white with black spots on face), Deccani and Madras Red.
Eligibility.
It is launched to support the traditional shepherd community, the Kurumas and Yadavas in Telangana. Every person aged above 18 years from shepherd community eligible for the scheme and is given a unit of sheet, which has 20 sheep and a ram.
By March 2018, 1 crore 28 lakh sheep were distributed, to over two lakh members of 7.61 lakh eligible persons submitted their applications for the sheep units.
Mobile veterinary units.
The government started mobile veterinary units to attend to sickness and treatment of animals for the scheme. The toll free number is 1962.
Insurance.
The shepherd Farmer receives insurance in case of a death by the government; ₹5,000 for a sheep and ₹7,000 for a ram.
Fodder.
For providing fodder the government is giving 75% subsidy on grass seeds.
Criticism.
There were instances of misappropriation during the distribution of sheep at various levels.

</doc>
<doc id="56873123" url="?curid=56873123" title="1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season">
1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season

The 1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season began in November 1982 and ended with the Final Four in Albuquerque, New Mexico on April 4, 1983. The NC State Wolfpack won their second NCAA national championship with a 54–52 victory over the heavily favored #1 ranked Houston Cougars.
Major rule changes.
Beginning in 1982–83, the following rules changes were implemented:
Season outlook.
Pre-season polls.
The top 20 from the AP and UPI (Coaches) Polls during the pre-season.
Award winners.
Consensus All-American teams.
&lt;br&gt;
Coaching changes.
A number of teams changed coaches during the season and after it ended.

</doc>
<doc id="56873124" url="?curid=56873124" title="Avideh Nazeri">
Avideh Nazeri

Avideh Nazeri is an Iranian endocrinologist and Director of Clinical, Medical and Regulatory for Novo Nordisk UK and Ireland.
Education.
Nazeri dreamed of becoming an air hostess as a child, but was encouraged by a teacher to study medicine. She trained in medicine at King's College London GKT School of Medical Education.
Career.
In 2008 Nazeri joined Novo Nordisk in Iran, before working in their global affairs department in Denmark. As Global Medical Director she was in charge of the research portfolio on modern insulins aspart and semaglutide. In 2013 Nazeri became Head of Medical Affairs in Canada, where she launched KOL engagement and learning programmes within their medical affairs group. In October 2016 Nazeri was appointed as a director of Novo Nordisk. Here she looks to build partnerships and drive innovation.
Nazeri is concerned that people are not aware about the health risks of diabetes mellitus type 2, especially with regards to the development of cardiovascular disease. In 2017 Nazeri urged the public to return faulty insulin cartridge holders in the NovoPen Echo and NovoPen 5 devices, which were found to break when exposed to household cleaning agents. Under her leadership, the organisation has expanded treatment options for patients with diabetes. It was reported that Novo Nordisk's insulin degludec was the most cost effective diabetic treatment. She launched Fiasp, a new fast acting insulin, which improves blood sugar levels after meals by working twice as quickly in the bloodstream.
She has contributed to Pharmaceutical Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="56873130" url="?curid=56873130" title="Tramošnica (disambiguation)">
Tramošnica (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873149" url="?curid=56873149" title="Susan Montagu, Duchess of Manchester">
Susan Montagu, Duchess of Manchester

Susan Montagu, Duchess of Manchester (2 February 1774 – 26 August 1828), formerly Lady Susan Gordon, was the wife of William Montagu, 5th Duke of Manchester.
Early life.
Lady Susan was born at Gordon Castle, the third daughter of Alexander Gordon, 4th Duke of Gordon, and his first wife, the former Jane Maxwell; Jane was noted for having succeeded in making advantageous marriages for all her children. It was said that she went to view the Duke of Manchester's house before meeting him.
Personal life.
Susan married the Duke of Manchester in Edinburgh on 7 October 1793. They had eight children:
Estrangement.
The couple were estranged by 1808, when the duke became governor of Jamaica, and his wife remained in Britain. The duke was notoriously unfaithful, but it was the duchess who became the subject of a scandal when she left him for a footman. They separated and she was given a settlement. An exile from polite society, the duchess died at Bedfont Lodge in Middlesex, in August 1828, at the age of 54. She was buried at Kimbolton.

</doc>
<doc id="56873153" url="?curid=56873153" title="Tina &amp; Her Pony">
Tina &amp; Her Pony

Tina &amp; Her Pony are an American indie folk duo based in Asheville, North Carolina, United States, consisting of Tina Collins and Quetzal Jordan, who began making music together in early 2009. They deliver a gentle folk music that inexorably swells into a powerful wave. They spent two years in the high desert mountain town of Taos, New Mexico making music and friends. After an 18-month album release tour spanning the United States and Canada, they established a new home base in Asheville and released their album, "Champion". Their approach to music feels at once old-timey and totally modern. They exhibit an enviable versatility on several instruments—Collins on tenor banjo, tenor ukulele, and guitar, and Jordan on cello and guitar—and they blend their voices to create harmonies that wrap listeners in sound.
Biography.
Tina &amp; Her Pony was formed in 2009 in Asheville after the chance meeting of Collins and Jordan. Collins had grown up on the periphery of the Appalachians and Jordan was raised in Florida by her Guatemalan mother. They released their first full-length album in March 2012, which was mixed and mastered in Oakland, California, with Myles Boisen (The Tiger Lillies, Kronos Quartet) and features the trumpeter Chris Grady (also featured on Tom Waits’ Mule Variations). They also released a six-track EP titled "Walkin’ in My Sleep" at the same time. After completing an eighteen-month album release tour that took the band through the entire USA and Canada, they moved to Asheville to work on "Champion", released in fall 2017. "Champion" was recorded at Echo Mountain Recording Studio and features musicians from Rising Appalachia, The Honeycutters, Holy Ghost Tent Revival and Cicada Rhythm.
Musical style and influence.
Both classically trained musicians, Collins and Jordan are known for their tight, sweet, smooth vocal harmonies and simple, exposed, crafted instrumentation on cello, tenor ukulele and guitar.
They could draw easy and favorable comparisons to The Indigo Girls. Like their forebears, Tina &amp; Her Pony's harmonies are deep in the pocket. The songs themselves carry a gentle wisdom that invigorates the listener. The music draws inspiration from both Appalachia and the high desert, in addition to "bluegrass and old-time melodies that have been sung by generations of women before".
Tina and Her Pony is contributing a unique sound to the American folk tradition. With warm smiles and honest simplicity, they offer original songs that echo familiar melodies, infused with radical, queer lyrics and uncommon instrumentation.

</doc>
<doc id="56873155" url="?curid=56873155" title="Sheep Distribution scheme">
Sheep Distribution scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56873161" url="?curid=56873161" title="36th International Film Festival of India">
36th International Film Festival of India

The 36th International Film Festival of India was held from November 24 to December 4, 2005 in Goa. The edition is focused on French cinema. Veteran actors Dev Anand and Chiranjeevi inaugurated the edition. The 36th edition was for the first time executed by Wizcraft International Entertainment Pvt Ltd. The jury consisted of Latin American filmmaker Miguel Littin, French Director Alain Corneau, filmmaker Saeed Mirza, Iranian actor-director Faramarz Gharibian and Austrian filmmaker Sabine Derflinger.

</doc>
<doc id="56873167" url="?curid=56873167" title="Spain women's national basketball team head to head">
Spain women's national basketball team head to head

Results of Spain women's national basketball team since 1963, as recognized by the Spanish Basketball Federation: Olympic Games, World Cups, EuroBaskets and the respective qualifying tournaments, as well as two editions of the Mediterranean Games when the "A-team" was involved. Also included, friendly games against national teams.
"Note: updated through 4 August 2021"&lt;br&gt;
† "Countries no longer competing" 

</doc>
<doc id="56873179" url="?curid=56873179" title="Oslo arkitekturtriennale">
Oslo arkitekturtriennale

Oslo Architecture Triennale (OAT) is an international event held in Oslo, Norway once every three years. It was launched by the Association of Norwegian Architects (Norske arkitekters landsforbund) in year 2000.
OAT is the Nordic region’s biggest architecture festival, and one of the world’s prominent arenas for dissemination and discussion of architectural and urban challenges. The main target groups of OAT include the citizens and users of the city, decision makers, professionals and international guests.
Administration.
The OAT Secretariat is located at the Oslo School of Architecture and Design (AHO). Hanna Dencik Petersson is Director of the Triennale.
OAT is a non-profit association with Members and Associated Members.
The board of OAT comprises representatives from the Association’s Members: Nina Berre (Chair), Ole Gustavsen (Oslo School of Architecture and Design), Tone Selmer-Olsen (Oslo Association of Architects), Kari Bucher (National Association of Norwegian Architects), Tor Inge Hjemdal (Design and Architecture Norway), Martin Braathen (National Museum) and Siw Andersen (Oslo Business Region).
Associated Members.
The Association of Consulting Architects in Norway, Bergen School of Architecture (BAS), FutureBuilt , the Norwegian Organization of Interior Architects and Furniture Designers (NIL) , the Norwegian Association of Landscape Architects (NLA)(), the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), ROM for Art &amp; Architecture , Municipality of Oslo, Department of Urban Development.
Themes.
"The Culture of Risk" aimed to contribute to focusing attention on our potential for new thinking, both with regards to what Norway as a nation represents and what we can become. Curated by Spacegroup with Gary Bates and Alexandra Cruz
The 4th edition of the Oslo Architecture Triennale, MAN MADE, focused on innovative and futureproof spatial policies for architecture and urban development, looking and thinking ahead to meet the rising global demand for a more sustainable life. Curated by Code Architecture with Bjarne Ringstad
“Behind the Green Door – Architecture and the desire for sustainability” examined sustainability’s extensive impact and influence on architecture and city planning the last 30 years. It was curated by Rotor (architecture) 
“After Belonging” examined both our attachment to places and collectivities—Where do we belong?—as well as our relation to the objects we own, share, and exchange—How do we manage our belongings. Curated by Kuratert av After Belonging Agency with Lluís Alexandre Casanovas Blanco, Ignacio González Galán, Carlos Mínguez Carrasco, Alejandra Navarrete Llopis og Marina Otero Verzier.
Enough: The Architecture of Degrowth was the 2019 version of the triennale, curated by Interrobang with Maria Smith, Matthew Dalziel, Cecilie Sachs Olsen and Phineas Harper.
History.
2000: OAT was established by the National Association of Norwegian in year 2000.
2006: The frequency was shifted and the triennial was postponed to 2007. NAL had a new country governor, who needed more time to organize such a large and comprehensive event with the professional high quality they wanted. The country governors are elected for three years at a time. This shift also gave rise to more time for preparation for the next conference.
Bibliography.
There are published both catalogs and books about the triennals.

</doc>
<doc id="56873198" url="?curid=56873198" title="Beer widget">
Beer widget


</doc>
<doc id="56873202" url="?curid=56873202" title="Tea twig caterpillar">
Tea twig caterpillar


</doc>
<doc id="56873215" url="?curid=56873215" title="Metropolitan Transportation Authority Arts for Transit">
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Arts for Transit


</doc>
<doc id="56873217" url="?curid=56873217" title="Peter Blackburn (MP)">
Peter Blackburn (MP)

Peter Blackburn (1811 – 20 May 1870) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Family and early life.
Blackburn was the son of Jamaica proprietor John Blackburn of Killearn and Rebecca Louise Gillies, and the brother of Scottish Law Lord Colin Blackburn and mathematician Hugh Blackburn. In 1835, he married Jean Wedderburn, daughter of James Wedderburn and Isabella Clerk, and they had at least eight sons and five daughters, including: John (born 1843); James (1845–1892); Peter (born 1847); Andrew Cathcart (1851–1887); Colin George (1853–1888); Hugh (born 1855); Adam Gillies (1858–1891); Arthur Octavius (1862–1889); Isabella; Rebecca Marion (died 1914); Jean; Helen Agnes; and Mary.
Blackburn started his career in the military as a cornet in the 2nd Regiment of Life Guards in 1830, before retiring as a lieutenant in 1837. He then became a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant for Stirlingshire. In 1846, he became chairman of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway.
Political career.
A Liberal-Conservative, Blackburn was elected MP for Stirlingshire at a by-election in 1855, caused by the death of William Forbes. In 1859, he was appointed a junior Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, although with little enthusiasm. In correspondence between the-then Chancellor of the Exchequer Benjamin Disraeli and Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, sent in August 1858, Smith-Stanley said: "Blackburn would be a respectable appointment, but there is no particular reason for him."
He held the seat until 1865 when he was defeated by the Liberal John Erskine. While being recognised as "shrewd, energetic and practical" in his role, his defeat was credited to impolite actions regarding the commercial treaty, the county franchise, and game laws.

</doc>
<doc id="56873218" url="?curid=56873218" title="The Owl And Co">
The Owl And Co


</doc>
<doc id="56873220" url="?curid=56873220" title="The Owl and Co">
The Owl and Co


</doc>
<doc id="56873233" url="?curid=56873233" title="Lithuanian Plants Genes Bank">
Lithuanian Plants Genes Bank

Lithuanian Plants Genes Bank () is plant gene resource guardian and sustainable use organization governed by Lithuania's Ministry of Environment. Its headquarters based in Akademija, Kėdainiai, Central Lithuania.
In 1997 the plant storage started to operate. In 2004 the Lithuanian Plants Gene Bank was established and the seed storage become a part of it. By 2017 it had 3318 samples from 201 variety of different kind of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="56873237" url="?curid=56873237" title="Balto-Slavics">
Balto-Slavics


</doc>
<doc id="56873238" url="?curid=56873238" title="Fredberg">
Fredberg

Fredberg is the name of an old noble family from Himmerland in Denmark. The earliest known ancestor is one Jens Jensen Fredberg who received his patent of nobility from Christian I of Denmark in 1450.
Nobility.
The noble family Fredberg whose descendants have long been living in the areas surrounding Himmerland, can be traced back to the noble man Jens Jensen Fredberg. In 1450 Jens Jensen Fredberg received his title of nobility from Christian I of Denmark and his estate was later inherited by his descendants. The family married into other prominent noble families such as Pors, Krag, Vinter, Munk and Griis.
The house of Fredberg still exists to this very day, but the family lost their title of nobility a few generations ago. The family has over time acquired vast areas of land and numerous manors, many of whom are still in the family's possession.
The family has long been one of Denmark's most prominent merchant families and are well-known manufacturers with business interests all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="56873256" url="?curid=56873256" title="List of amusement rides based on video games franchises">
List of amusement rides based on video games franchises

Amusement rides based on video games franchises.
This is a list of former and operating amusement park rides based on specific video games or video game franchises.
! scope="col" | Ride
! scope="col" | Based on
! scope="col" | Location(s)
! scope="col" | Ride Type
! data-sort-type="year" scope="col" | Opening date by year 
! scope="col" | Notes

</doc>
<doc id="56873258" url="?curid=56873258" title="Bavarian Plöckenstein">
Bavarian Plöckenstein


</doc>
<doc id="56873268" url="?curid=56873268" title="Danish Asia Company">
Danish Asia Company

 
Danish Asiatic Company (Danish: Asiatisk Kompagni) was a Danish trading company established in 1730 to revive Danish trade on the Danish East Indies and China following the closure of the Danish East India Company. It was granted a 40-year monopoly on Danish trade on Asia in 1732 and taken over by the Danish government in 1772. It was headquartered at Asiatisk Plads in Copenhagen. Its former premises are now used by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Management.
Board of directors.
Members of the board of directors included:
Fleet.
Details of some of these armed trading ships, often built by the Royal Danish dockyards as "handelskib, chinafarer", can be found at the Royal Danish Naval Museum website Two have a history record at Skibregister.

</doc>
<doc id="56873269" url="?curid=56873269" title="Cedar Lakes Conference Center">
Cedar Lakes Conference Center

The Cedar Lakes Conference Center in Ripley, West Virginia, serves as a facility for leadership training for students. Multiple locations were proposed for this facility, but on March 15, 1950, the previous Easter Farm was chosen. It was officially opened on January 7, 1955, and then officially named in 1957.
The name "Cedar Lakes" was chosen because of its two lakes and many cedar trees. It is now 450 acres of 30 individual buildings. Now about 500,000 people visit annually. The West Virginia Department of Agriculture took control of the conference center on July 1, 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56873271" url="?curid=56873271" title="Plöckenstein">
Plöckenstein

The Plöckenstein () is a mountain, high, in the Bohemian Forest on the Austro-Czech border. Its summit is the highest point in the Bohemian Forest in both countries, and also the highest point in the regions of Mühlviertel and South Bohemia. It is well known as a result of stories by Adalbert Stifter.
Location.
The Plöckenstein lies between the Austrian village of Schwarzenberg to the south and the Czech village of Nová Pec to the NE. Northeast of, and below the summit on Czech soil, is the lake of Plöckensteiner See, the southernmost of eight glacial lakes in the Bohemian Forest; the northern mountainside is the core zone of the Bohemian Forest National Park (Šumava National Park). The Jezerní potok ("Seebach") stream rises on the mountain. About 7 km northeast, in the Czech Republic, is the western end of the Lipno Reservoir.
Tripoint and extreme point.
The Plöckenstein lies about 1.3 km east of the tripoint between Germany, Austria and the Czech Republic. The tripoint is roughly east of the Bavarian Plöckenstein (). The area of the tripoint is also called "Dreiecksmark" ("Trojmezí", "tripoint") and links the two Plöckensteins over a saddle ().
West of the Plöckenstein is Austria's northernmost point.
Sights.
During the Cold War the border area of the Bohemian Forest was inaccessible to citizens of the Eastern Bloc because the Iron Curtain ran through it. The new government under Marián Čalfa, which came to power on 10 December 1989, dismantled the border fortifications in December 1989 (see also the Velvet Revolution).
Among the sights and attractions in the area of the Plöckenstein are the following (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="56873280" url="?curid=56873280" title="Bhoot Ka Darr">
Bhoot Ka Darr

Bhoot Ka Darr is a Hindi horror film of Bollywood directed by S. Gawli and produced by Pali. This film was released on 2 April 1999 in the banner of Kanti Shah's Gulab Films.
Plot.
This film starts with the scene of a graveyard where a woman and her partner bury a dead body. She has killed her husband with the help of her paramour. Now the ghost of the betrayed husband seeks revenge on his adulterous wife.

</doc>
<doc id="56873285" url="?curid=56873285" title="Černovice u Tábora">
Černovice u Tábora


</doc>
<doc id="56873289" url="?curid=56873289" title="Antti Suomela">
Antti Suomela

Antti Suomela (born 17 March 1994) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Toronto Marlies in the American Hockey League (AHL).
Playing career.
Suomela made his Liiga debut playing with Espoo Blues during the 2015–16 Liiga season.
He won the Veli-Pekka Ketola trophy for the most points scored during the regular season, posting 21 goals and 60 points in 59 games in the 2017–18 Liiga season with JYP Jyväskylä. He also won the 2017–18 Champions Hockey League with JYP Jyväskylä.
Gaining NHL interest, Suomela agreed to a one-year, entry-level contract with the San Jose Sharks on 6 June 2018. After attending his first NHL training camp with the Sharks, Suomela made the opening night roster for the 2018–19 season. Suomela made his NHL a debut on 3 October, and recorded his first NHL point in a 3–2 win over the Los Angeles Kings on 5 October 2018.
He was re-signed as a restricted free agent by the Sharks to a one-year, two-way contract on 11 July 2019. 
Suomela continued his tenure within the Sharks organization by signing a one-year, two-way contract on 7 October 2020. On 9 October, having remained in Finland due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Suomela was loaned by the Sharks to return to competitive hockey by joining Finnish top flight Liiga club, HIFK, on loan until the commencement of the delayed 2020–21 NHL season. In 10 appearances with HIFK, Suomela added 2 goals and 5 points before returning to the Sharks organization.
He was dealt by the Sharks at the trade deadline to the Toronto Maple Leafs on 12 April 2021 in exchange for Alexander Barabanov.
With his contract concluded with the Maple Leafs, Suomela remained within the organization signing a one-year AHL contract with the Toronto Marlies on 15 June 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56873292" url="?curid=56873292" title="Sabine Herlitschka">
Sabine Herlitschka

Sabine Herlitschka is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Infineon Technologies Austria, a group subsidiary of Infineon Technologies AG.
Early life and education.
Sabine Herlitschka was born on February 1, 1966 in Pfarrkirchen, Germany, and grew up in Salzburg, Austria. She studied Food Technologies and Biotechnology at the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences (BOKU), Vienna. She pursued her doctoral studies, followed by post-doctoral work, in industry, at Immuno AG. Her doctorate was awarded by the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences (BOKU), Vienna. She holds an MBA in general management.
Career.
In 1996 Herlitschka joined the Bureau for International Research and Technology Cooperation (BIT) as Head of Unit and then Deputy Director. In 2003 she became Vice Rector for Research Management and International Cooperation at the Medical University of Graz. Thereafter, she became Director of the Division of European and International Programs at the Austrian Research Promotion Agency (FFT) in Vienna in 2006. In 2010 she spent time in the US as a Fulbright Scholar at George Washington University and the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies in Washington, DC.
Herlitschka joined Infineon Austria Technologies AG in 2011 as a Member of the Management Board, followed by the position as chief technology officer (CTO) in 2012, and finally its chief executive officer (CEO) in April 2014.
She is a member of the Austrian Council for Research and Technology Development and of the Styrian Research Council. She joined the senate of the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft on 1 January 2016. She serves on the executive board of the Ludwig Boltzmann Gesellschaft. She is also a member of the European Commission’s Horizon 2020 high-level strategy group on industrial technologies and represents Infineon Technologies Austria on the European Commission's CONNECT advisory forum for Research and Innovation in ICT in Horizon 2020. She was a member of the high level expert group for the ex‐post‐evaluation of the 7th EU Framework Programme (2007‐2013).
She currently is the chairperson of the ECSEL Joint Undertaking, succeeding Andrea Cuomo from STMicroelectronics. She will serve in this post from 15 February 2018 until 14 February 2019.
Awards and honours.
Herlitschka received the French Republic's "Chevalier dans l’Ordre du Mérite" medal (the French National Order of Merit) in honor of services to the strategic research partnership between France and Austria in October 2011.
Herlitschka is an honorary senator of the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences (BOKU), Vienna. She won the Austrian University Management Award 2007 together with Caroline Auer for their work at the Medical University of Graz.
She was nominated as Austrian of the year in 2014 in the category "family and career".
In 2016 she was named Carinthian manager of the year. She was named most important woman of the year in 2017 and was ranked 10th in their Top-1000-Manager list by the Austrian "Industrie Magazin".

</doc>
<doc id="56873314" url="?curid=56873314" title="Pratim Chatterjee">
Pratim Chatterjee

Pratim Chatterjee (1940–2018) was an Indian politician from the state of West Bengal and a former minister in the West Bengal Government.

</doc>
<doc id="56873318" url="?curid=56873318" title="Class 700 (disambiguation)">
Class 700 (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873342" url="?curid=56873342" title="H. Blair Neatby">
H. Blair Neatby

Herbert Blair Neatby (1924–2018) was a Canadian historian. Born on 11 December 1924 in Renown, Saskatchewan, he graduated from the University of Saskatchewan in 1950 and pursued graduate study at the University of Oxford and the University of Toronto. Neatby began teaching at Carleton University in 1964, received a Guggenheim fellowship in 1967 and was named a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1977. He died on 11 March 2018 at the Ottawa Civic Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="56873347" url="?curid=56873347" title="Bulgarian People's Federative Party">
Bulgarian People's Federative Party


</doc>
<doc id="56873357" url="?curid=56873357" title="Airfrying">
Airfrying


</doc>
<doc id="56873359" url="?curid=56873359" title="Epoxy-coated">
Epoxy-coated


</doc>
<doc id="56873365" url="?curid=56873365" title="Azcuy">
Azcuy

Azcuy is a Cuban surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56873370" url="?curid=56873370" title="Avangard (hypersonic glide vehicle)">
Avangard (hypersonic glide vehicle)

The Avangard (; ; previously known as Objekt 4202, Yu-71 and Yu-74) is a Russian hypersonic glide vehicle (HGV) that can be carried as a MIRV payload by the UR-100UTTKh, R-36M2 and RS-28 Sarmat heavy ICBMs. It can deliver both nuclear and conventional payloads.
The Avangard is one of the six new Russian strategic weapons unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin on 1 March 2018.
History.
According to Vladimir Putin, the US withdrawal from the ABM Treaty in 2002 forced Russia to start developing hypersonic weapons: "We had to create these [hypersonic] weapons in response to the US deployment of a strategic missile defense system, which in the future would be capable of virtually neutralizing, zeroing out all our nuclear potential". In 2007, when asked about U.S. plans to deploy ballistic missile defenses in Europe, Putin mentioned that Russia was developing “strategic weapons systems of a completely different type that will fly at hypersonic speed and will be able to change trajectory both in terms of altitude and direction".
The "Avangard" (then called Yu-71 and Yu-74) was reportedly flight tested between February 2015 and June 2016 on board UR-100UTTKh ICBMs launched from Dombarovsky Air Base, Orenburg Oblast, when it reached a speed of and successfully hit targets at the Kura Missile Test Range, Kamchatka Krai.
In October 2016, another flight test was carried out using a R-36M2 heavy ICBM launched from Dombarovsky Air Base, successfully hitting a target at the Kura Missile Test Range. This was reportedly the first fully successful test of the glide vehicle.
On 1 March 2018, Russian President Vladimir Putin in his presidential address to the Federal Assembly in Moscow announced that testing of the weapon is now complete and that it has entered serial production. This was further confirmed by the commander of Russian Strategic Missile Forces, Colonel General .
The latest flight test occurred on 26 December 2018. "Avangard" carried by a UR-100UTTKh ICBM launched from Dombarovsky Air Base successfully hit a target at the Kura Missile Test Range. The Deputy Prime Minister of Russia Yury Borisov stated a day later that the glider flew at 27 times the speed of sound, "invulnerable to interception".
According to Russian Defense Ministry's press service/TASS, the "Avangard" missile system with the hypersonic glide-vehicle was demonstrated to the US inspection group in accordance with the New START treaty procedures on November 24–26, 2019.
On 27 December 2019, the first missile regiment armed with the "Avangard" HGV officially entered combat duty.
On 19 September 2020, Herbert Efremov, an Advisor for Science at the NPO Mashinostroyenia, was awarded Order of St. Andrew for his contributions to the "Avangard" development.
Design.
HGVs differ from traditional ballistic missiles by their ability to maneuver and operate at lower altitudes. The combination of maneuverability and high speed poses significant challenges for conventional missile defense. With the advantage again swinging toward attack, the defense industry is concerned that weapons of this type will reignite the kind of arms race that dominated the cold war era.
According to open-source analysis by Jane's, "Avangard" is a pure glide vehicle without an independent propulsion system. When approaching a target, the glider is capable of sharp high speed horizontal and vertical evasive maneuvers in flight, which Russian officials claim makes it "invulnerable to any missile defence system". Arms control expert Jeffrey Lewis of the Institute of International Studies, he’s known as a popularizer of nonproliferation and strategic topics since 2004 via his blog site "Arms Control Wonk", expressed scepticism towards Avangard's ability to evade missile defences, stating that "gliding results in slower speeds than traditional re-entry". The blast yield of a nuclear warhead carried by the Avangard is reportedly more than 2 megatons TNT.
Operators.
The Strategic Missile Forces are the only operator of the Avangard HGV. As of January 2021, 4 Avangard-equipped UR-100NUTTH are deployed with:

</doc>
<doc id="56873373" url="?curid=56873373" title="Charles Noble">
Charles Noble

Charles Noble may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56873380" url="?curid=56873380" title="Farm to Market Road 1461">
Farm to Market Road 1461


</doc>
<doc id="56873383" url="?curid=56873383" title="Capo d'Orso Lighthouse (Sardinia)">
Capo d'Orso Lighthouse (Sardinia)

Capo d'Orso Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the tip of Capo d'Orso promontory in front of the Maddalena archipelago, in the municipality of Palau, in the north east of Sardinia on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse was built in 1924 and consists of a masonry white tapered cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern. The lantern, which mounts an optics of Type TD 300 and Focal length of 150 mm., is painted in white and the dome in grey metallic; it is positioned at above sea level and emits one white flash in a 3 seconds period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and powered by a solar unit and managed by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1125 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56873385" url="?curid=56873385" title="Pisonopsis birkmanni">
Pisonopsis birkmanni

Pisonopsis birkmanni is a species of square-headed wasp in the family Crabronidae. It is found in Central America and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873388" url="?curid=56873388" title="Pisonopsis">
Pisonopsis

Pisonopsis is a genus of square-headed wasps in the family Crabronidae. There are about five described species in "Pisonopsis".
Species.
These five species belong to the genus "Pisonopsis":

</doc>
<doc id="56873395" url="?curid=56873395" title="Henry Ball (priest)">
Henry Ball (priest)

 The Ven. Henry Ball, D.D. was Archdeacon of Chichester from his collation on 12 April 1596 until his death on 30 March 1603.
He was born in Lichfield and educated at New College, Oxford. He became Rector of Ulcombe from 1583; Precentor of Chichester from 1587; and Canon from 1593.

</doc>
<doc id="56873398" url="?curid=56873398" title="Shaam News Network">
Shaam News Network

Shaam News Network (Arabic: شبكة شام الإخبارية) (S.N.N.) is a Syrian opposition media outlet. It is named after the Arabic name for the Levant region. It was funded by Syrian-American activists at the beginning of the Syrian Revolution in 2011. It publishes videos, photos and articles by citizen journalists on its website and social media networks. It also publishes a newspaper called Shaam. Many international media used footage published by Shaam News Network, including Al Jazeera English, Associated Press, Al Arabiya, Al Aan TV, and Sky News Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="56873401" url="?curid=56873401" title="Brachys aeruginosus">
Brachys aeruginosus

Brachys aeruginosus is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873403" url="?curid=56873403" title="Saw Myat Lay">
Saw Myat Lay

Saw Myat Lay (, ) was the chief queen consort of King Thado Minsaw of Prome. Prior, she had been the chief wife of Viceroy Mingyi Swa of Prome since 1450s.
Brief.
Saw Myat Lay was the second child of Princess Saw Min Phyu and Saw Shwe Khet, who was governor of Prome (r. 1417–1422; 1442–1446) and Tharrawaddy (r. 1422–1427; 1446–1460). Likely born in the late 1430s, the princess was a granddaughter of the famous crown prince Minye Kyawswa of Ava, and a great granddaughter of King Minkhaung I of Ava from her mother's side, and a descendant of King Kyawswa of Pagan from both sides. She had two full siblings: Gov. Minye Kyawswa I of Kalay and Myat Hpone Pyo; and three half-siblings.
Though the royal chronicles do not state her place of birth, Myat Lay was raised in Prome where her father was governor between 1442 and 1446, and in Tharrawaddy, the southernmost district of Prome to which her father was reassigned, from 1446 onwards until her marriage. She returned to Prome, perhaps in the 1450s, when she was married to Viceroy Mingyi Swa, the second son of then King Narapati I of Ava. She became the vicereine of Prome, and had 11 children with Swa.
Myat Lay became the chief queen consort in 1482. That year, Viceroy Swa died, and his younger brother Gov. Thado Minsaw of Tharrawaddy seized the viceroyalty of Prome, and declared Prome's independence from Ava. In the process, he also raised his sister-in-law Myat Lay as his chief queen. Thado Minsaw's rebellion was successful; Prome became an independent state with territories that included Tharrawaddy in the south and Myede in the north. It was the last mention of Myat Lay in the chronicles. Thado Minsaw lived until 1526 but it is unclear if Myat Lay survived him until then.
Family.
Myat Lay and her first husband Swa had 11 children (four sons and seven daughters). She did not have any children with her second husband.
Ancestry.
The following is the queen's ancestry according to the royal chronicles.

</doc>
<doc id="56873405" url="?curid=56873405" title="Copris remotus">
Copris remotus

Copris remotus is a species of dung beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.
Subspecies.
These two subspecies belong to the species "Copris remotus":

</doc>
<doc id="56873407" url="?curid=56873407" title="Live at 5th Street Dick's">
Live at 5th Street Dick's

The Proclamation is overall first album by American jazz saxophonist Kamasi Washington and backing band The Next Step. It was self-released in 2005 as double CD of live music. The album contains early versions of tracks "Changing of the Guards", "Askim" and "The Next Step", included later on Washington's first mainstream CD, "The Epic".
Track listing.
Based on:
Personnel.
Based on:

</doc>
<doc id="56873408" url="?curid=56873408" title="Harry Macdonald Kyle">
Harry Macdonald Kyle

Harry Macdonald Kyle (1872–1951), given name Henry, was a Scottish ichthyologist and fisheries scientist.
Kyle graduated from St Andrews University where he was a protégé of William Carmichael McIntosh. In 1903 he was appointed as Biological Secretary to the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES), based in Copenhagen. He was an expert on flatfish, especially plaice, and worked with Walter Garstang at Plymouth. Later he collaborated extensively with Ernst Ehrenbaum of the Museum of Natural History in Hamburg. He made important contributions to fisheries science and produced definitive works which were among the first scientific studies to address the issue of overfishing.
It is known that in the late 1920s and early 1930s he became alienated from his wife and children, referring to himself in letters as an outcast. He was, however, reconciled to at least one of his sisters later in life. His later life is almost unknown except that he died in 1951 in Scotland.
He was an accomplished linguist who translated the works of many Danish and German fisheries scientists and ichthyologists into English. His "magnum opus" was a book on the fisheries of Great Britain and Ireland which was published in German. An earlier book, "The biology of fishes", was published in English, but it was dedicated to Ehrenbaum. Kyle appeared to find living in Germany more conducive to his work and he was often assumed to have been a German rather than a Scot.
Kyle was one of the founders of the study of the bioeconomics of fishing and his argument that fish stocks were outside the scope of normal economics because economics are not subject to "natural law" was pioneering and remains generally accepted.
Publications.
A selection of some of the published works by Kyle is set out below:

</doc>
<doc id="56873411" url="?curid=56873411" title="Dolichopus longipennis">
Dolichopus longipennis

Dolichopus longipennis is a species of long-legged fly in the family Dolichopodidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56873416" url="?curid=56873416" title="Camponotus anthrax">
Camponotus anthrax

Camponotus anthrax is a species of ant in the subgenus "Camponotus" ("Myrmentoma"). It is endemic to western North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873424" url="?curid=56873424" title="Getty Center museum">
Getty Center museum


</doc>
<doc id="56873425" url="?curid=56873425" title="Papaipema nepheleptena">
Papaipema nepheleptena

Papaipema nepheleptena, the turtle head borer moth, is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Papaipema nepheleptena" is 9490.

</doc>
<doc id="56873426" url="?curid=56873426" title="Tays (disambiguation)">
Tays (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873433" url="?curid=56873433" title="Arctosa littoralis">
Arctosa littoralis

Arctosa littoralis, the beach wolf spider, is a species of wolf spider in the family Lycosidae. It is found in North and Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873436" url="?curid=56873436" title="Leptostales laevitaria">
Leptostales laevitaria

Leptostales laevitaria, the raspberry wave moth, is a species of moth in the family Geometridae (the geometer moths). It was first described by Geyer in 1837 and it is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Leptostales laevitaria" is 7177.

</doc>
<doc id="56873445" url="?curid=56873445" title="Blair Neatby">
Blair Neatby


</doc>
<doc id="56873448" url="?curid=56873448" title="Prosapia ignipectus">
Prosapia ignipectus

Prosapia ignipectus, known generally as the red-legged spittlebug or black spittlebug, is a species of froghopper in the family Cercopidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873451" url="?curid=56873451" title="Prosapia">
Prosapia

Prosapia is a genus of froghoppers in the family Cercopidae. There are about six described species in "Prosapia".
Species.
These six species belong to the genus "Prosapia":

</doc>
<doc id="56873455" url="?curid=56873455" title="Timema bartmani">
Timema bartmani

Timema bartmani, or Bartman's timema, is a species of stick insect in the family Timematidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873458" url="?curid=56873458" title="Pangaeus congruus">
Pangaeus congruus

Pangaeus congruus is a species of burrowing bug in the family Cydnidae. It is found in Central America and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873461" url="?curid=56873461" title="Gloomhaven">
Gloomhaven

Gloomhaven is a cooperative board game for 1 to 4 players designed by Isaac Childres and published by Cephalofair Games in 2017. It is a campaign-based dungeon crawl game with a branching narrative campaign, 95 unique playable scenarios, 17 playable classes, and more than 1,500 cards in a box which weighs almost .
Gameplay.
"Gloomhaven" is a fantasy-themed, campaign-based tactical skirmish game, in which players try to triumph in combat-based scenarios which scale in difficulty depending on the number of players. The game is cooperative and campaign driven, with 1 to 4 players working their way through a branching story consisting of 95 scenarios. The campaign develops in a legacy format, with stickers that are placed on the board and cards and sealed envelopes that are opened when certain criteria are met.
While it has drawn comparisons to role-playing games such as "Dungeons &amp; Dragons" and other dungeon crawl board games, "Gloomhaven" uses game mechanics similar to modern eurogames.
Characters and monsters move about on hex tiles representing dungeons and cellars. Players simultaneously choose two cards to play each turn, each of which has a top and a bottom half, and choose the top half of one card and the bottom of the other to allow their characters to take actions such as moving, healing and attacking monsters. Randomization is not provided by dice, as is usually the case with such games, but is handled by a deck of cards.
Release and reception.
The game was originally sold via a 2015 Kickstarter campaign which raised $386,104 from 4,904 backers. After strong early reviews, a second Kickstarter campaign was launched on April 4, 2017, and delivered in November 2017 which raised about $4 million from over 40,000 backers. The game was released shortly thereafter to retail for a suggested price of $140.
"Gloomhaven" has received positive reviews, culminating in the game reaching the spot as the top rated board game on leading website BoardGameGeek in 2017, and keeping that spot for much of 2018 and 2019. It also won six Golden Geek awards from the site, including for the best overall game of 2017, best strategy game, best cooperative game, most innovative game, best solo game, and best thematic game. Gaming website Geek &amp; Sundry described "Gloomhaven" as "a masterful design" and suggested "it belongs in a museum". Matt Thrower called it one of the best fantasy board games available, while noting that ""Gloomhaven" was the critical hit of the year." Board Games Land has described the game as "truly a masterpiece".
As well as being rated the board game of all time by BoardGameGeek, the game has received over 20 awards and nominations, including:
"Gloomhaven" was selected by both a jury and fans as the Origins Game Fair Best Board Game of 2018. As of early August 2018, it had sold about 120,000 copies.
Expansions.
Gloomhaven: Forgotten Circles, the game's first expansion, was released in Q2 2019. It includes a new character class, the Aesther Diviner, 20 new scenarios that are primarily focused on that class, and new items and monsters.
Gloomhaven: Jaws of the Lion is a smaller, standalone version of the game which released in July 2020, initially as a Target exclusive. Designed to appeal to more casual gaming fans, the story in this version is set before the events of the original "Gloomhaven", and has players investigate a series of disappearances in the city. The game features 25 new scenarios, five of which comprise a tutorial designed to ease new players into the game. Some, but not all, of the game components are compatible with the basic Gloomhaven game.
Sequel.
Frosthaven is a standalone sequel, sold initially via a Kickstarter campaign which launched March 31, 2020. The campaign raised almost $13 million, making it the highest ever funded campaign for a game on the platform, from over 83,000 backers. The game is set in a small northern outpost that mercenaries are struggling to protect.
Digital edition.
Asmodee and Flaming Fowl Studios released a digital edition of "Gloomhaven" for Microsoft Windows, initially on July 17, 2019. It was offered as an early access model, featuring a subset of the characters, and a single-player Adventure mode that uses procedural generation like a roguelike to create encounters. Asmodee and Flaming Fowl plan to add support for all 17 characters and the full set of 95 missions from the core board game by the time of the game's final release, along with support for multiplayer.

</doc>
<doc id="56873462" url="?curid=56873462" title="Pangaeus (bug)">
Pangaeus (bug)

Pangaeus is a genus of burrowing bugs in the family Cydnidae. There are about 14 described species in "Pangaeus".
Species.
These 14 species belong to the genus "Pangaeus":

</doc>
<doc id="56873466" url="?curid=56873466" title="Probezzia albitibia">
Probezzia albitibia

Probezzia albitibia is a species of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56873470" url="?curid=56873470" title="Probezzia">
Probezzia

Probezzia is a genus of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae. There are at least 20 described species in "Probezzia".
Species.
These 28 species belong to the genus "Probezzia":

</doc>
<doc id="56873473" url="?curid=56873473" title="Neatby, H. Blair">
Neatby, H. Blair


</doc>
<doc id="56873475" url="?curid=56873475" title="Admontia rufochaeta">
Admontia rufochaeta

Admontia rufochaeta is a species of bristle fly in the family Tachinidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873481" url="?curid=56873481" title="Catogenus thomasi">
Catogenus thomasi

Catogenus thomasi is a species of parasitic flat bark beetle in the family Passandridae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873485" url="?curid=56873485" title="Hyperaspis leachi">
Hyperaspis leachi

Hyperaspis leachi is a species of lady beetle in the family Coccinellidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873492" url="?curid=56873492" title="Cacama carbonaria">
Cacama carbonaria

Cacama carbonaria is a species of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is found in Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873495" url="?curid=56873495" title="Cacama (bug)">
Cacama (bug)

Cacama is a genus of cactus dodgers in the family Cicadidae. There are about 12 described species in "Cacama".
Species.
These 12 species belong to the genus "Cacama":

</doc>
<doc id="56873500" url="?curid=56873500" title="Sericoda quadripunctata">
Sericoda quadripunctata

Sericoda quadripunctata is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China) and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873502" url="?curid=56873502" title="Joseph Else">
Joseph Else

Joseph Else FRBS (8 February 1874-8 May 1955) was a sculptor from Nottingham best known for his work on Nottingham Council House.
Career.
He was the son of William Else, a leather cutter, and Eliza Cowilshaw. He studied at Nottingham School of Art from 1890 to 1900 and then at the Royal College of Art in London. After leaving London he went to the Belfast College of Art as professor of sculpture and lecturer in anatomy.
He began teaching at the Nottingham School of Art around 1919 and in 1922 was made principal, in succession to Joseph Harrison, a position he held until 1939. It was during this tenure that he created some of his most famous sculpture for the new Nottingham Council House, with a work called Justice, and the two lions flanking the main entrance steps. He also created War Memorials for the Law Society, and Messrs. Thomas Forman and Sons, the bronze tablet on the Nottingham Castle sundial in memory of the fallen of the 17th Battalion Sherwood Foresters, the Bonington bronze tablet at Arnold, the Lancashire Memorial of Messrs. J.B. Lewis and Company, the bust of Samuel Morley in Nottingham Arboretum, and the figure on St Luke’s House. In London he completed the sculptural decoration on Selfridges building on Oxford Street.
He was a fierce critic of the modernist style of sculpture, and railed against works produced by Jacob Epstein. In a lecture at the Nottingham Society of Artists in 1928 he said I feel apologetic for mentioning these abnormalities and would not have done so were it not for the wide publicity accorded to them. To me, it is an affront to the intelligence to suggest that you should admire works so destitute of beauty and so fearful in character. Can things of this description live as the masterpieces of the ancients have done?
He maintained his studio in Beeston. He was appointed an associate member of the Royal Society of British Sculptors in 1923 and in 1938 was elected a Fellow. On retirement from Nottingham in 1939 he moved to Newnham on Severn in Gloucestershire. The outbreak of the Second World War restricted access to materials for sculpture. He became a member of the British Bryological Society, and prepared hundreds of illustrations for "A Histology of British Mosses".
He died on 8 May 1955. He is commemorated in the naming of a public house, The Joseph Else, at 11-12 South Parade, Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="56873504" url="?curid=56873504" title="Herbert Blair Neatby">
Herbert Blair Neatby


</doc>
<doc id="56873505" url="?curid=56873505" title="1950–51 Yorkshire Football League">
1950–51 Yorkshire Football League

The 1950-51 Yorkshire Football League was the 25th season in the history of the Yorkshire Football League.
Division One.
The division featured 4 new teams:
Division Two.
The division featured 3 new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="56873509" url="?curid=56873509" title="Neuroctenus elongatus">
Neuroctenus elongatus

Neuroctenus elongatus is a species of flat bug in the family Aradidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56873512" url="?curid=56873512" title="Lightning Strikes Twice">
Lightning Strikes Twice

Lightning Strikes Twice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56873522" url="?curid=56873522" title="Cyrtopogon lyratus">
Cyrtopogon lyratus

Cyrtopogon lyratus is a species of robber flies in the family Asilidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56873525" url="?curid=56873525" title="Cyrtopogon (fly)">
Cyrtopogon (fly)

Cyrtopogon is a genus of robber flies in the family Asilidae. There are at least 120 described species in "Cyrtopogon".

</doc>
<doc id="56873532" url="?curid=56873532" title="Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação">
Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação

Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação () was a Brazilian children's television series hosted by Xuxa Meneghel at Globo TV, shown Monday through Friday between October 28, 2002 and December 31, 2004.
Concept.
Xuxa's goal was to re-dedicate the children, because since the tragic end of "Xuxa Park", it was linked with "Planeta Xuxa", a program that was shown on Sundays and dedicated to young people. After his long-term partnership with his businesswoman Marlene Matos, Xuxa ended up with the Planet and dedicated himself to the "Mundo da Imaginação". the program was a children's program presented by Xuxa Meneghel, directed by Mário Meirelles, Pedro Vasconcelos and Peter Bretas, general direction of Mario Meirelles, text by Tonio Carvalho, Péricles Barros, Cláudio Lobato, Luciana Sandroni, Mariana Mesquita, Guto Lins and Alessandra Poggi, director of production of Alexandre Ishikawa, produced by Núcleo Roberto Talma. Developed after three years of research, "Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação" was geared towards a public from zero to ten years and was conceived with the help of educators and specialized professionals. Educationally, the children's program chose not to display cartoons, having pictures and musical numbers produced in an almost artisanal way, with time and language different from the children's programs presented by Xuxa until then.
The scenarios of these pictures and musical numbers sought to convey the idea of the world idealized by children: castles, candy house, colorful flowers, mountains and clouds. There were present symbols of children's stories, with the intention that the child felt transported to the world of imagination. - The program, about 40 minutes long, was divided into four blocks and had 32 frames displayed alternately throughout the week. Through computer graphics capabilities, Xuxa appeared seated on a Terrestrial Globe, with the blue background filled with white clouds, and featured 14 pictures that blended entertainment and didactic elements.
Format.
The longest of the paintings was Cantinho das Histórias, up to ten minutes long, in which Xuxa told children stories with the help of puppets and / or invited actors. The framework Cantigas was one of the highlights of the program. In it, well-known singers made re-readings of classics from our songbook. Other pictures of Xuxa in the world of imagination were Encyclopedia, in which Xuxa showed and explained to children the meaning of terms, words and objects, and Gym, in which a dancer taught choreography. In addition to those already mentioned, other featured figures in the program were Presentacion, in which Xuxa parodies songs with the help of a dog, and Witch Keka, where the character Keka, lived by Xuxa, looked for ill-educated children to transform in witches.
Reformulations.
In April 2003, the program began a new phase under the direction of Pedro Vasconcelos, Marcelo Zambelli and Mário Meirelles, with the latter's general direction, and with text by Tonio Carvalho, Claudio Lobato and Adriana Chevalier. Among the novelties was the radical Imagination, presented by the actor Cláudio Heinrich, who showed sports such as skating, free flight, diving and mountaineering, as well as interviews with famous athletes. The goal was to reach boys between four and eight years of age who, according to a survey, did not identify much with the program and the presenter. Another novelty of the children was the "Jornal Mundo da Imaginação", an educational newscast that had as anchors the Xuxinha and Gutinho dolls. The big change was due to the entry of cartoons, which until then were not displayed in the program.
In June 2003, Mário Meirelles left the general direction of Xuxa in the World of Imagination. Pedro Vasconcelos, Teresa Lampréia and later Blad Meneghel, brother of Xuxa, took command of the attraction. The program continued to be produced by Núcleo Roberto Talma.
In August 2004, the child suffered new changes and adopted a new face, with the circus as its theme. Clowns, jugglers and magicians were the new characters who animated the children and starred in the pictures, music clips and games next to Xuxa. The scenery was also reworked and the big attraction was a hat-shaped ball pool. In addition, the grandstand where the parents of the children were accommodated was transferred to the stage, getting closer to the children and the hostess
Even with the reformulations, "Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação" failed to reach good ratings and left the programming grid of Rede Globo in December 2004. The following year, Xuxa returned to programming with a new program, TV Xuxa.
Reception.
The program debuted at an average of 15 points. During the first year, however, it was losing audience, being in second place, behind "Bom Dia &amp; Companhia", at the time hosted by Jackeline Petkovic, that reached to reach 17 points against 10 of Globo TV. In 2003 the program had already lost more than half of the audience, having an average of only 6 points. At this time also faced the RecordTV, that surpassed the infantile in several days, leaving the "Xuxa no Mundo da Imaginação" in third place. In 2004 - even with the reformulations and a decrease of the audience of "Bom Dia &amp; Companhia" by the exit of Jackeline - the program could not react, registering the average of only 5 points.

</doc>
<doc id="56873536" url="?curid=56873536" title="Faith of Conques">
Faith of Conques


</doc>
<doc id="56873539" url="?curid=56873539" title="Faith of Agen">
Faith of Agen


</doc>
<doc id="56873541" url="?curid=56873541" title="Will &amp; Grace (season 11)">
Will &amp; Grace (season 11)

The eleventh and final season of the American comedy series "Will &amp; Grace" premiered on October 24, 2019 and consisted of 18 episodes. The season was initially going to premiere midseason, but was moved up after the cancellation of "Sunnyside".
Production.
In March 2018, NBC ordered five more episodes for "Will &amp; Grace"'s revival's second season, bringing the total to 18 episodes, and it was also renewed for an 18-episode third season. On July 25, 2019, it was announced that the eleventh season will be the final season of the series after mutual agreement between the show's cast and creators.
It was reported on October 24, 2019, that Megan Mullally would be absent from two episodes of this season amidst rumors of alleged on-set tension between her and co-stars Debra Messing and Sean Hayes. Mullally was absent from the seventh episode, "What a Dump," and the tenth episode, "Of Mouse and Men."
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56873542" url="?curid=56873542" title="Lightning Strikes Twice (disambiguation)">
Lightning Strikes Twice (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873550" url="?curid=56873550" title="Brick Hill, Hong Kong">
Brick Hill, Hong Kong


</doc>
<doc id="56873555" url="?curid=56873555" title="Newspaper Row (disambiguation)">
Newspaper Row (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873563" url="?curid=56873563" title="We're Only Human">
We're Only Human

We're Only Human may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56873571" url="?curid=56873571" title="Joanne the Scammer">
Joanne the Scammer


</doc>
<doc id="56873576" url="?curid=56873576" title="Cooperation Party">
Cooperation Party

The Cooperation Party (; ) is a Greenlandic liberal party founded in March 2018 by Inatsisartut MPs Michael Rosing and Tillie Martinussen, both formerly of the Democrats.
The party advocates economic liberalisation and privatisation of the large publicly owned companies that dominate the Greenlandic economy.
The Cooperation Party is in favour of increased cooperation within the unity of the Realm, increased immigration to Greenland and better integration and inclusion of immigrants and minorities. Another main priority for the party is more support for the socially vulnerable, especially sexually abused children and youth.
The party ran in the 2018 Greenlandic parliamentary elections and won 1 seat with 1,193 votes. In the 2021 elections the party lost its only seat.

</doc>
<doc id="56873582" url="?curid=56873582" title="Brick Hill (Hong Kong)">
Brick Hill (Hong Kong)


</doc>
<doc id="56873585" url="?curid=56873585" title="Oxford/Milton Keynes/Cambridge corridor">
Oxford/Milton Keynes/Cambridge corridor


</doc>
<doc id="56873586" url="?curid=56873586" title="We're Only Human (disambiguation)">
We're Only Human (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873589" url="?curid=56873589" title="Newsl. Birdwatchers">
Newsl. Birdwatchers


</doc>
<doc id="56873590" url="?curid=56873590" title="Newsl Birdwatchers">
Newsl Birdwatchers


</doc>
<doc id="56873591" url="?curid=56873591" title="Fence (comic book)">
Fence (comic book)

Fence is an American comic book series written by C. S. Pacat and drawn by Johanna the Mad; both of them are co-creators. The comic book focuses on Nicholas Cox, the illegitimate son of U.S. fencing Olympic champion Robert Coste, who aspires to become a fencing champion like his father. Despite being talented, he's roughly trained due to the hard conditions he grew up in. While at a competition, he's quickly beaten by the fencing prodigy Seiji Katayama and Nicholas vows to beat him. Managing to get into the elite boys school Kings Row on scholarship, Nicholas quickly finds out that Seiji is his roommate.
The comic book was first announced by Boom! Studios in August 2017 to be published under their Boom! Box imprint in November. Pacat was inspired to create "Fence" due to her love for the sport, which she practiced in high school, and her interest in sports manga like "Haikyu!!".
The series has received a positive response from fans and critics; this positive response resulted in Boom! Studios promoting "Fence" from a limited series to an ongoing one. In August 2018, Boom! Studios announced that the series would change its format to original graphic novels. The last issue of the ongoing series was released in November 2018. The first original graphic novel, subtitled "Rivals", was released June 30, 2020.
Production.
Development.
"Fence" was first announced by Boom! Studios on August 17, 2017, to be released under their Boom! Box imprint. It was announced that the comic would be written by C. S. Pacat, writer of the "Captive Prince" trilogy, and drawn by Johanna the Mad. Regarding the collaboration between the two, Pacat stated that she had been a fan of Johanna for years, ever since she saw Johanna's fan art of Mulan. Similarly, one of the elements that draw Johanna to the project was the chance to work with Pacat, and also because she's interested in LGBTQ-related stories.
The first issue was given a November release date. One of the variant covers for issue one was drawn by Shanen Pae, the artist of "". On January 4, 2018, it was announced that Boom! Studios had upgraded "Fence" from a limited series to an ongoing series. Boom! Studios editor, Dafna Pleban, cited the positive response from "retailers, fans and press" as the main reason for upgrading "Fence" to an ongoing series.
Writing.
Regarding her inspiration for "Fence", Pacat revealed that she fenced épée in high school and fell in love with the sport; she particularly liked its psychological aspect, as fencers are required to make "split-second decisions with everything on the line". Another source of inspiration was her six-year stay in Japan. While there, she became interested in sports manga, including "Haikyu!!" and "Hikaru no Go". Pacat worked with an épée coach to choreograph the fight scenes to develop the fencing characterization of each character and ensure they all have different strengths and weaknesses that can change with the narrative.
Regarding the portrayal of same-sex relationships within the story, Pacat stated that including queer characters and love stories within her stories is highly important to her. Additionally, she stated that she prefers to write "joyously and unabashedly queer" stories rather than sad ones. She also noted that quite often, sports anime, manga and comics are very "het masculine" and often exclude queer characters.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Fence" has received a positive response from critics. On review aggregator website Comic Book Roundup, the comic has an average rating of 7.7 out of 10, based on 23 reviews, indicating favorable reviews.
Reviewing the first issue, Kat Calamia from Newsarama gave it a score of 8 out of 10, saying that "it kept [her] entertained with its character building and peek into the world of fencing", further stating the issue's cliffhanger had her hooked regarding the future of Nicholas and Seiji's rivalry.
Sales.
In October 2017, Shanen Pae's variant cover of "Fence" #1 was 17th most advance reordered comic book, while the main cover ranked 24th (out of the top 25 advance reorders).

</doc>
<doc id="56873593" url="?curid=56873593" title="The International Nightclub Manchester">
The International Nightclub Manchester


</doc>
<doc id="56873597" url="?curid=56873597" title="Atiyaman Netuman Anci">
Atiyaman Netuman Anci


</doc>
<doc id="56873601" url="?curid=56873601" title="Vejrpigen">
Vejrpigen


</doc>
<doc id="56873608" url="?curid=56873608" title="Harris entertainment family">
Harris entertainment family

The Harris Family is an American family of entertainers. Their careers, collectively and individually, encompass theater, music, film, broadcast media and performance art. They are best known as pioneers of experimental Off-Off-Broadway theater in New York City, San Francisco and Europe from the mid-1960s through the early 1980s.
Early life and Florida.
Following his Army Air Corps service in World War II, George Edgerly Harris Jr. of Margaretville, New York married Ann Marie McCanless of Bronxville, New York, on June 21, 1948. They settled in Bronxville, the Westchester County suburb where Ann had been raised. Their first six children were born there: George E. Harris III, Walter Michael Harris, Ann Marie Harris, Frederic Joseph Harris, Jayne Anne Harris and John Joseph Harris. Of these six, Ann Marie died at three months and John Joseph shortly after birth. In 1958 the Harrises relocated to Clearwater, Florida, where their two youngest, Eloise Alice Harris and Mary Lucile Harris, were born.
In 1959-1960 George and Ann became interested in theater and began acting with the local Francis Wilson Playhouse. Soon all six children were performing in the Playhouse's Junior Workshop. In 1961 Ann and her son George III converted the family's garage into a theater and founded The El Dorado Players, an acting company named for the street they lived on, composed of the Harris children and their neighborhood friends. The Players’ first two offerings, "Bluebeard" and "The Sheep and the Cheapskate", were short musicals written by Ann Harris during her college years. Subsequent shows were adapted from a Burton-Taylor film "(Cleopatra, the Nile Queen)" and from a Broadway musical record album "(Camelot)." The Players made a film, "The Unsinkable Titanic," inspired by Walter Lord's 1955 book "A Night To Remember", and the 1958 film of the same name. George III wrote the screenplay and directed, and Ann played "The Unsinkable Molly Brown." Their efforts were rewarded with a sold-out premiere screening and a positive review in "The Clearwater Sun" newspaper. Encouraged by their successes, the family sensed an opportunity and decided to move to New York City to seek careers in theater.
Off-Off-Broadway.
George Sr. moved to New York City in the summer of 1962 as an advance scout for his family. He soon met Ellen Stewart, founder of La MaMa Experimental Theater Club (ETC), a pioneering producer of experimental theater. By December he was acting and directing for La MaMa, which led to work at the two other flagship theaters of the underground, the Caffe Cino and Judson Poets Theater. The following year George felt sure-footed enough to send for Ann and their six children. Stewart found them an apartment and recommended them to her fellow producers. All eight Harrises were enthusiastically embraced by the playwrights, directors and producers of Off-Off-Broadway. Dubbed “The Lunts of off-off-Broadway” by Cino playwright Robert Patrick, the Harrises found work constantly and quickly established themselves as resourceful performers who could act, sing, dance, write and direct. Jayne Anne (aka Jane) made her New York debut as Christopher Robin in the 1964 Judson Poets Theater musical "Sing Ho! For A Bear". George Sr. played multiple roles in the July 1965 premiere of Lanford Wilson's "This Is The Rill" Speaking at the Caffe Cino, directed by the playwright. In September 1965 Walter Michael made his New York debut at La MaMa ETC as Kenny in the premiere of Wilson's "The Sandcastle," directed by Marshall W. Mason, followed by Young Albert in Paul Foster's "The Madonna In The Orchard" with Harvey Keitel, and in 1966 as Tobias in Tom Eyen's "Miss Nefertiti Regrets," playing drums and singing opposite nineteen year-old Bette Midler. Also in 1966 George Sr. and Ann acted in the 1966 premiere of Lanford Wilson's "The Rimers of Eldritch" at La MaMa, directed by the playwright.  Later that year Stewart invited George III, then fourteen, to re-establish his El Dorado Players in residence at La MaMa ETC as her “Young Playwrights Series.”  The reconstituted Players reprised their Florida successes, "Bluebeard" and "The Sheep and the Cheapskate," followed by two new original musicals featuring songs by Ann. The first, "MacBee," was adapted from Shakespeare's Macbeth". There Is Method In Their Madness" followed"," based on the Harris children's experiences with acting school. As in Florida, the press took notice. At year's end Walter Michael wrote and performed the music for Tom Eyen's "Give My Regards to Off-Off-Broadway" to celebrate La MaMa's re-opening following a period of closure by the city.
In 1967 George III acted in Jeff Weiss’ play "A Funny Walk Home" at the Caffe Cino. When the Cino closed in 1968 following Joe Cino's suicide, playwright Robert Patrick took up residence at the Old Reliable Theater Tavern on East Fourth Street. He invited Walter Michael there to supervise the music for his Easter play, "Joyce Dynel."
Professional success.
By the mid 1960s family members were cast in Broadway and off-Broadway shows including "The Porcelain Year" (George III, 1965, with Barbara bel Geddes, Kim Darby and Martin Balsam), "Gorilla Queen" (Georges Sr. and III, 1966), "Hair" (Walter, 1968, with Diane Keaton and Melba Moore), "The Great White Hope" (George Sr., 1968, with James Earl Jones and Jane Alexander) and "Invitation To A Beheading" (Eloise, 1969, with John Heffernan). They signed with agents, joined the various unions for actors and entertainers, and by 1970 were full-fledged professionals.
Movie roles include Ann as Doris Acker in "The Honeymoon Killers" (1970) and George, Sr. as Patrolman Mooney in "Superman" (1978). Mary Lou as "College Student" was chased by a Muppet named Animal in the 1984 Jim Henson film "The Muppets Take Manhattan." Between professional acting and “day jobs,” family members remained active “downtown” with La MaMa ETC, Theater for the Lost Continent and Theater for the New City.
Hibiscus.
In late 1967 George III followed the youth counterculture movement to San Francisco. On the way he joined the October 21, 1967 anti-war march on the Pentagon and became the subject of "Flower Power", photojournalist Bernie Boston's historic photograph of that event. In San Francisco he moved into beat poet Irving Rosenthal's Kaliflower commune, changed his name to Hibiscus and founded The Cockettes and Angels of Light theater troupes. In 1972 he returned to New York City with his partner and collaborator Angel Jack Coe, reunited with his family and recruited them for a new Angels of Light company there. In the mid-70s the New York Angels of Light, under Hibiscus’ leadership, became artists-in-residence at Theater for the New City in downtown Manhattan. They toured Europe twice, sponsored by National Artist of the Netherlands Ritsaert ten Cate, founder of Amsterdam's Mickery Theater and DasArts. The Angels earned recognition at the international Festival Mondial du Théâtre in Nancy, France. Notices in the European press were generally positive and most ran with photos, including one with then-campaigning presidential candidate François Mitterrand.
In the late 70s the Angels disbanded and the Harris family regrouped in New York City to present an off-Broadway revue called "Sky High". In 1980 George III (Hibiscus) formed a musical art-rock club act with his sisters and his brother Fred called “Hibiscus and the Screaming Violets” while simultaneously writing, producing and starring in a new musical, "Tinsel Town Tirade," featuring Andy Warhol star Holly Woodlawn. " "On May 6, 1982, Hibiscus died from complications of AIDS, early in the epidemic. His legacy and influence in theater and gay liberation are well documented.
The Harris Sisters.
Following the Off-Off-Broadway years and performing with Hibiscus’ Angels of Light in New York City and Europe, the three Harris sisters formed a rock band", The Harris Sisters and Trouble" in New York City"." They played the downtown club scene including CBGB's, Great Gildersleeves and The Bitter End before teaming up with their brothers George (Hibiscus) and Fred to form the glitter-rock group "Hibiscus and the Screaming Violets.” Following Hibiscus’ unexpected death in 1982 the sisters rallied and formed "The Harris Sisters" harmony trio and became prolific cabaret performers in New York City. "The Harris Sisters also" performed on the talk show "Geraldo," in service of the homeless through "VETCO" ("Vietnam Veterans Ensemble Theater Company)."
In the 1980s the Harris sisters created a successful business, Coat Check Inc., to provide high-end event services (coat checking, waiter staff) to clients including The Metropolitan Costume Ball and Victoria's Secret. Their employees were actors and entertainers who needed flexible shifts to accommodate their unpredictable audition and performance schedules. In the late 1980s the sisters teamed up with Broadway composer Richard Adler "(The Pajama Game, Damn Yankees)" to record an album titled T"he Harris Sisters Sing Richard Adler." In 1992, the sisters performed in "Hibiscus," a musical about their late brother George, presented by Ellen Stewart at La MaMa ETC"." The following year the Harris sisters co-wrote, produced and performed in the “backstage” musical "Cheek to Cheek" which also premiered at La MaMa ETC.
Memoirs.
The Harris family published two memoirs documenting their lives and careers: "Caravan to Oz – a family reinvents itself off-off-Broadway ("2014), is a memoir of the family's artistic and personal journey as a family; and "Flower Power Man," a biography of the late George Harris III/ Hibiscus. Both books include essays and photos contributed by the family's friends and colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="56873609" url="?curid=56873609" title="Results breakdown of the 2007 Spanish local elections (Balearic Islands)">
Results breakdown of the 2007 Spanish local elections (Balearic Islands)

This is the results breakdown of the local elections held in the Balearic Islands on 27 May 2007. The following tables show detailed results in the autonomous community's most populous municipalities, sorted alphabetically.
City control.
The following table lists party control in the most populous municipalities, including provincial capitals (shown in bold). Gains for a party are displayed with the cell's background shaded in that party's colour.

</doc>
<doc id="56873624" url="?curid=56873624" title="List of Cyrtopogon species">
List of Cyrtopogon species

This is a list of 125 species in "Cyrtopogon", a genus of robber flies in the family Asilidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56873633" url="?curid=56873633" title="Nature Astronomy">
Nature Astronomy

Nature Astronomy is an online, peer reviewed, scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group, owned by Springer Nature. It was first published in January 2017 (volume 1, issue 1), although the first content appeared online in December 2016. The Chief Editor is May Chiao, who is a full-time professional editor employed by this journal. The founding editors of this journal, in addition to May Chiao, were Paul Woods, Luca Maltagliati and Marios Karouzos.
"Nature Astronomy" received its first Journal Impact Factor in 2019, with value 10.500, making it the top-ranked non-Review journal in astronomy &amp; astrophysics (ranked by IF). The most recent (2-year) JIF for this journal is 11.518 (2019). Other metrics include: (5-year) JIF of 11.676, Impact_factor#Immediacy_index of 4.839, Eigenfactor Score of 0.01265, Article Influence Score of 4.843 and 2-year Median of 8.
Publishing formats include Editorials, Letters, Articles, Reviews, Perspectives, News and Views, Research Highlights, Commentaries, Mission Control, Books and Arts reviews, and Correspondence.
Scope.
"Nature Astronomy" publishes research in astronomy, astrophysics, planetary science, and cosmology. Subject areas covered by the journal include observational astronomy, theoretical astrophysics, astronomical instrumentation, exoplanets, solar physics, stellar physics, interstellar medium, extragalactic astronomy, high-energy astronomy, astrochemistry and astronomical big data.
Abstracting and indexing.
Nature Astronomy is indexed in the following databases:

</doc>
<doc id="56873639" url="?curid=56873639" title="'Ubaydallah ibn Yahya ibn Khaqan">
'Ubaydallah ibn Yahya ibn Khaqan


</doc>
<doc id="56873641" url="?curid=56873641" title="Sea Devils">
Sea Devils

Sea Devils may refer to:
See also.
Sea devil

</doc>
<doc id="56873646" url="?curid=56873646" title="Shinca Pictures">
Shinca Pictures


</doc>
<doc id="56873652" url="?curid=56873652" title="Chizzy Alichi">
Chizzy Alichi

Chigozie Stephanie Alichi (born 23 December 1993), popularly known as Chizzy Alichi, is a Nigerian film actress.
Life.
Chizzy Alichi is from Ezza Nkwubor Nike in Enugu East, a local government area of Enugu State, located in South East (Nigeria). She is the last child with two siblings. She made headlines when she built a mansion for her parents in 2017. She lives in Asaba, Delta.
Career.
She joined Nollywood in 2010 by chance. She randomly joined the Actors Guild of Nigeria, applied for a movie role and got her first ever shot as an actress in a movie titled "Magic Money" featuring Mercy Johnson and Bob-Manuel Udokwu. The turning point of her career came with the movie "Akaraoku," which means "hot akara", in 2016, Directed by Yul Edochie. The movie poster went viral on social media when people assumed the actress was an akara seller. She has featured in more movies as a result in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56873653" url="?curid=56873653" title="Paul Laurence Dunbar Elementary School">
Paul Laurence Dunbar Elementary School

The Paul Laurence Dunbar Elementary School is a rectangular brick elementary school, which was built by Doña Ana County in 1926 after the school board chose to racially segregate its public schools. The Dunbar School is located on the south side of Vado in the Lower Rio Grande Valley between the river and Interstate 25, roughly fifteen miles south of Las Cruces. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
When the school formally opened on February 10, 1926, it taught elementary and high school students. Later, students travelled to Las Cruces for high school at the segregated Booker T. Washington School, which was built on Solano Street in 1934. When the Supreme Court handed down the Brown v. Board decision in 1954, it was with the proviso that states desegregate their schools “with all deliberate speed.” In the South, most schools were not desegregated until 1970. Compliance with the Brown ruling came much faster in New Mexico. The last class at Dunbar Elementary School graduated in 1957 before they integrated the Gadsden District.

</doc>
<doc id="56873655" url="?curid=56873655" title="Anchor Jhansi">
Anchor Jhansi


</doc>
<doc id="56873665" url="?curid=56873665" title="Walter Benet">
Walter Benet

Walter Benet was the Archdeacon of Wilts from his collation on 7 March 1610 until his death on 30 July 1614.
From Somerset, he was educated at New College, Oxford. He held livings at Little Wittenham and [[Minety]].
References.
[[Category:17th-century English Anglican priests]]
[[Category:Alumni of New College, Oxford]]
[[Category:Archdeacons of Wilts]]
[[Category:1614 deaths]]

</doc>
<doc id="56873668" url="?curid=56873668" title="Commission for Countering Extremism">
Commission for Countering Extremism

The Commission for Countering Extremism is a British government agency created under Prime Minister Theresa May in response to the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing.
History.
The idea was mentioned in the 2017 election platform of the Conservative Party, released four days before the Manchester bombing attack. May described the Commission as "a statutory body to help fight hatred and extremism in the same way as we have fought racism."
Sara Khan was named head of the new commission in January 2018. The appointment was criticised by former Conservative Party chairwoman Sayeeda Warsi, Harun Khan, the secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain, and Labour MP Naz Shah.
On 24 February 2021 the Commission released a report "Operating with Impunity - Hateful extremism: The need for a legal framework".

</doc>
<doc id="56873670" url="?curid=56873670" title="Kalo Chhaya">
Kalo Chhaya

Kalo Chhaya (Dark Shadows) is a Bengali suspense thriller film directed by Premendra Mitra and produced by Gouranga Prasad Basu. This film was released on 17 December 1948 in the banner of Eastern Studio.
Plot.
A lady visited Mr. Surajit Roy, a detective, with a proposal to steal a will from a landlord's house. Surajit did not accept the assignment. Soon after, he received a telegram from one Rajib Lochan Choudhury, zamindar of a remote village in Murshidabad district. It appeared that Rajib Lochan's life was in danger. When Surajit visited his house the zaminder had already been murdered. Detective Surajit started an investigation while staying at the house. He saw a nurse, Anima, appointed for Rajib Lochan and recalled that this lady went to him with the proposal of theft . There were several relatives and servants in the house but most of them concealed a some or other facts from him. Finally Surajit was successful to track down the real culprit.

</doc>
<doc id="56873698" url="?curid=56873698" title="List of number-one country singles of 1970 (U.S.)">
List of number-one country singles of 1970 (U.S.)


</doc>
<doc id="56873701" url="?curid=56873701" title="Winged serpent (disambiguation)">
Winged serpent (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873710" url="?curid=56873710" title="Vanessa Haydon">
Vanessa Haydon


</doc>
<doc id="56873714" url="?curid=56873714" title="Vanessa Kay Haydon">
Vanessa Kay Haydon


</doc>
<doc id="56873715" url="?curid=56873715" title="39th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival">
39th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival

The 39th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival took place from 2 to 10 July 2004. The Crystal Globe was won by "A Children's Story", an Italian drama film directed by Andrea and Antonio Frazzi. The second prize, the Special Jury Prize was won by "Here", a Croatian drama film directed by Zrinko Ogresta.
Juries.
The following people formed the juries of the festival: 
Main competition
Documentaries
Official selection awards.
The following feature films and people received the official selection awards:
Other statutory awards.
Other statutory awards that were conferred at the festival:
Non-statutory awards.
The following non-statutory awards were conferred at the festival:

</doc>
<doc id="56873717" url="?curid=56873717" title="Jim Cooperman">
Jim Cooperman

Jim Cooperman is an American Canadian author and conservationist. A resident of Shuswap Lake in the British Columbia interior region, Cooperman writes on local area history, natural history, and conservation issues.
Early life.
Cooperman left California in the late 1960s as a conscientious objector to the Vietnam war. Cooperman built a log home in Lee Creek on the north shore of Shuswap Lake, and worked as a teacher, log-cabin builder, editor, and consultant before turning to documenting local history, geography, and biology.
Writing and activism.
In 1989, Cooperman and six others formed the Shuswap Environmental Action Society (SEAS). The group has lobbied for more parks and protected areas in the region, and have worked with forestry companies and the provincial government to save stands of old-growth trees in the watershed. In the 2000s, SEAS was involved in opposition to commercial and residential development at the mouth of the Adams River, a tributary to Shuswap Lake and one of the largest sockeye salmon spawning grounds in the world. Cooperman has a regular column for the regional newspaper Shuswap Market News (an imprint of the Salmon Arm Observer) called "Shuswap Passion". In 2017, he condensed and compiled writing from that column into the first major publication on the Shuswap region, entitled "Everything Shuswap". It is the first installment of a series of three "geographical handbooks" on the topic.

</doc>
<doc id="56873737" url="?curid=56873737" title="Yamaguchi Station (disambiguation)">
Yamaguchi Station (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873740" url="?curid=56873740" title="Yellow Lake (disambiguation)">
Yellow Lake (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873746" url="?curid=56873746" title="Xavier Areny">
Xavier Areny

Xavier Areny (born 8 May 1957) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873747" url="?curid=56873747" title="Howard Hopson">
Howard Hopson


</doc>
<doc id="56873748" url="?curid=56873748" title="Crime Ring (1938 film)">
Crime Ring (1938 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56873750" url="?curid=56873750" title="Substance-33">
Substance-33


</doc>
<doc id="56873755" url="?curid=56873755" title="Associated Gas and Electric">
Associated Gas and Electric


</doc>
<doc id="56873757" url="?curid=56873757" title="Lechesa Tsenoli">
Lechesa Tsenoli

Solomon Lechesa Tsenoli is a South African politician who currently serves as the Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="56873759" url="?curid=56873759" title="Arizona Athletics">
Arizona Athletics


</doc>
<doc id="56873761" url="?curid=56873761" title="Crime Ring (disambiguation)">
Crime Ring (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873765" url="?curid=56873765" title="Dani King">
Dani King


</doc>
<doc id="56873772" url="?curid=56873772" title="Alya Nurshabrina">
Alya Nurshabrina

Alya Nurshabrina Samadikun (born 21 January 1996) is an Indonesian International Relations Ambassador, fashion model, painter, and beauty queen. She represented province of West Java at the Miss Indonesia 2018 pageant, where she won the title and crowned by the Miss Indonesia 2017 titleholder, Achintya Holte Nilsen from West Nusa Tenggara, in the finale held on 22 February 2018. She earned the right to represent Indonesia at the Miss World 2018 pageant in China.
Previously, Alya was a top 40 finalist of GADIS Sampul 2012 and The Face of Femina 2014.
Early life and education.
Alya was born in Jakarta on 21 January 1996, daughter of Ina Nuraini and Rudyandi Praditya, and is currently domiciled in Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia. She is of Javanese and Sundanese descent.
Alya went to SD Islam Dwi Matra (Islamic private elementary school), SMP Bakti Mulya 400 (private middle school) and SMA Negeri 55 Jakarta (public high school).
Alya have said many times that her passion is art. Although she often participated in various academic competitions with her schoolmates, English is the subject she mostly received awards for. In middle school, she began to learn and love fashion as well as performance arts, typically dancing and singing. Due to the nature of Alya, who likes to stay busy, eventually she entered the world of modeling.
To pursue a higher education, Alya moved from Jakarta to Bandung. Alya has a bachelor degree from Parahyangan Catholic University (UNPAR) Bandung, majoring in International Relations, Faculty of Social and Political Sciences with summa cum laude. During her time in college, Alya was active in the major's student body/organization and was chosen as a lecturing assistant. She assisted Prof. V. Bob Sugeng Hadiwinata, Ph.D at Parahyangan Cenre for European Studies (PACES) during her 5th Semester, and she assisted Asmadiyanti Dinar at Aesthetics class afterwards. Alya incised a number of achievements during her 4 years pursuing her degree. She represented the university, both as a single delegate or within a delegation team, on many international events abroad. The most notable one was when she was appointed to be the Head Delegate of Parahyangan Catholic University's delegation for Harvard National Model United Nations 2017, held by Harvard University, in Boston, United States. In that competition, her team won the Social Venture Challenge. It was then that Alya and her teammates were rewarded with Resolution Fellowship by the Resolution Project.
Since 2011, Alya has been a coach or motivator at Adam Khoo Learning Technologies Group (AKLTG), an institution from Singapore that provides learning skills and life motivation for teenagers and children. Her job, being a coach at I'm Gifted Camp hosted by the Adam Khoo Organization, acknowledged to provide plenty of space for her to learn many new things about teaching as well as public speaking. Not only that it was an opportunity to motivate the participants consisting of children and adolescents, but also to increase her self-motivation and general outlook upon her own future.
Beyond undergoing activities as a coach/motivator at Adam Khoo and as a freelance fashion model, Alya also likes to fill her spare time with painting, a hobby that she has possessed since her childhood. Alya has even produced a lot of works, which she began to participate in the exhibitions during her time when she lived in Bandung.
Social activities.
Outside her academic and modeling activities, Alya is also active in various social activities and charities. Below are small examples of her participation.
In 2016, she was acting as a volunteer of "Chay Ya Nepal" with other independent volunteers from Indonesia, where she participated in a school building program in Yamunadanda Village, Sindhupalchok District, Nepal that collapsed after the earthquake that strikes the area in 2015. Specifically, she helped the fundraising and taught art &amp; recycling workshops to the students in the village. Alya once lined up to be the chairperson of "This Is Us! Youth Unite for Autism" event, held by the Bandung Youth &amp; Sports Department in 2017. She was also active as a volunteer of the non-profit group "Sahabat Peduli Indonesia", co-designing the logo and participated in executing their initiatives in the field of education. She represented the group to teach art, teamwork activiteas and recycled garbage for children around Ngurbloat Beach, Maluku Tenggara in 2017. She is also the co-initiator &amp; illustrator of Kabayan children storybook about recycling plastic wastes.
Pageantry.
Wajah Femina 2014.
Alya was successfully crowned as the 1st Winner of Wajah Femina 2014 on the finale which took place at XXI Ballroom Djakarta Theater, Jakarta on Thursday, 4 December 2014. Alya successfully became the winner after setting aside 19 other finalists who were screened from thousands of participants. In this contest, 2nd Winner is won by Astrini Faustina while Meiyola Berlina is crowned as the 3rd Winner.
As the winner of Wajah Femina, Alya is active as a performer in Femina's road show which is held from campus to campus to share her experiences. In addition to the 'road show', one of the most impressive invitations, was when she had the opportunity to represent Femina at the "World Wide Views on Climate and Energy" public consultation event. Being the finalist of Wajah Femina also adds her confidence. Which helped her in 2015, when Alya got an opportunity to represent her university to attend "Melaka International Youth Dialogue" held in Melaka, Malaysia.
Miss Indonesia 2018.
Alya represented the province of West Java on Miss Indonesia 2018 pageant. Alya was chosen as Top 16 finalist by winning "Beauty with a Purpose" fast track event, and went on to win the competition as well. She successfully wowed the jury when the jury chairwoman Liliana Tanoesoedibjo gave a question about her integrity when she faces a test. Alya replied:
After her winning as Miss Indonesia, Alya earn the right to represent Indonesia in Miss World 2018 pageant in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56873774" url="?curid=56873774" title="Sea Devils (disambiguation)">
Sea Devils (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56873776" url="?curid=56873776" title="Cinema Le Palace (Tunis)">
Cinema Le Palace (Tunis)


</doc>
<doc id="56873781" url="?curid=56873781" title="Adrián Roncallo">
Adrián Roncallo

Adrián Roncallo (born 24 August 1958) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873784" url="?curid=56873784" title="Southern Damascus offensive (March 2018)">
Southern Damascus offensive (March 2018)

The Southern Damascus offensive (March 2018) started on 12 March 2018, when ISIL began attacking rebel positions in the al-Qadam neighborhood of southern Damascus as they were evacuating. The rebel pocket in al-Qadam had been surrounded on one side by government forces and on the other by ISIL. On 10 March, ISIL threatened to kill any rebels that evacuate from the area after the Syrian government gave the rebels 48 hours to surrender the district and evacuate.
Following news of the upcoming rebel evacuation from al-Qadam, ISIL forces attacked the rebels on 12 March and captured 25 percent of the neighborhood. The next day, around 300 rebel fighters and their family members were evacuated from al-Qadam to rebel territory in Idlib province. After the evacuation, government troops took control of 70 percent of the neighborhood, while the remaining 30 was under IS control. During the fighting, government air-strikes were conducted against ISIL in Al-Hajar al-Aswad and al-Qadam. While the clashes were taking place in Qadam, rebel groups attempted to break through ISIL lines in Yarmouk but were repelled.
On 14 March, ISIL launched an assault against Syrian Army positions in al-Qadam, managing to advance slightly. The attack was renewed the following day but without any advances and by 16 March, the ISIL offensive had stalled. During the fighting in al-Qadam, government forces suffered heavy losses with 40 soldiers being killed and at least one tank knocked out.
Overnight on 19 March, ISIL forces launched a surprise attack on government positions in al-Qadam and by the following day ISIL gained ground, pushing back the military. According to the pro-opposition activist group the SOHR, ISIL took full control of al-Qadam, with 36 soldiers being killed and dozens of others wounded, captured or missing. In contrast, military sources initially reported control of al-Qadam was divided and that ISIL failed to capture the central and western neighborhoods of the district. However, later they confirmed ISIL had taken control of 90 percent of the district following a chaotic Army withdrawal due to poor coordination between different military branches and that the Army was in control of one western neighborhood. Five of the missing soldiers were eventually rescued after becoming trapped behind ISIL lines, while others were reported to be isolated in ISIL territory. Still, later, it was stated no more living soldiers remained behind ISIL lines. At this time, veteran units of the 4th Armoured Division were sent as reinforcements to al-Qadam to try and retake the lost areas. Later that day, following heavy artillery strikes against ISIL positions, a two-day ceasefire was announced.
On 21 March, it was reported that the military's death toll from ISIL's attack had rose to 62, after 26 bodies of the previously missing were retrieved. On the same day, ISIL executed a captured commander from the Palestinian People’s Party, Nidal Darwish, in the al-Qadam neighborhood.
Aftermath.
On 19 April, the SAA and allied Palestinian militias launched an offensive to dislodge ISIL from the pocket.
During the night of 19 May, an agreement was put in place in southern Damascus between the Syrian Army and ISIL after the militants agreed to surrender their last positions in the Yarmouk Camp and Hajar Al-Aswad. The next day, buses started entering the ISIL pocket to transport their fighters to the desert region in eastern Syria. Later on 21 May, the military officially announced that they had completely regained control of the area, ending the existence of anti-government forces around the capital Damascus.

</doc>
<doc id="56873785" url="?curid=56873785" title="Adrian Roncallo">
Adrian Roncallo


</doc>
<doc id="56873788" url="?curid=56873788" title="Hotel Polonia Palast, Łódź">
Hotel Polonia Palast, Łódź


</doc>
<doc id="56873796" url="?curid=56873796" title="1999–2000 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team">
1999–2000 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team

The 1999–2000 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Arizona in the 1999–2000 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The head coach was Lute Olson. The team played its home games in the McKale Center in Tucson, Arizona, and was a member of the Pacific-10 Conference. The Wildcats finished the season in first place in the Pacific-10 conference with a 15–3 record. Arizona reached the Second Round in the 2000 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament, losing to Wisconsin 59-66 and finishing the season with a 27–7 record.
Schedule.
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Regular season
!colspan=9 style="background:#;"| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56873806" url="?curid=56873806" title="Rob McIntyre">
Rob McIntyre

Rob McIntyre (born 10 March 1956) is an Australian alpine skier. He competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the 1980 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873814" url="?curid=56873814" title="Chthamalia">
Chthamalia

Chthamalia is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family (Apocynaceae: Gonolobinae). The genus was first formally named in 1844. It contains approximately 15 species. "Chthamalia" is considered by some to be a synonym or a subgenus of "Matelea".

</doc>
<doc id="56873816" url="?curid=56873816" title="Greg Parma Smith">
Greg Parma Smith

Greg Parma Smith (born 1983, Cambridge, Massachusetts) is a New York-based painter. He is known for his precise painterly realism, which incorporates elements of academic figuration, representational painting, neo-pop, and appropriation art.
In his work Smith samples the iconography of comics, neoclassical nudes, graffiti, Song Dynasty literati painting, and trompe l’oeil arabesques. As described in MAY No.17, Smith critiques “the way in which subcultures are brought into a dominant domain” by highlighting “exploitative taboos long repressed and smoothed over in so-called high-low narratives in advanced art."
Exhibitions.
Greg Parma Smith’s work has been shown at Musée d’art moderne et contemporain (MAMCO), Genève; Galerie Francesca Pia, Zürich; David Lewis Gallery, New York; Balice Hertling, Paris; Balice Hertlng &amp; Lewis, New York; VAVA, Milan; Everest/Foundation Gutzwiller, Zurich; Contemporary Art Museum, St. Louis; Swiss Institute, New York; MoMA PS1, New York; Kiev Biennial, The School of Kyiv, Ukraine; White Columns, New York; Metro Pictures, New York; Blum and Poe, Los Angeles; Greene Naftali, New York; Miguel Abreu Gallery, New York; and Daniel Reich Gallery, New York; among others.
Collections.
Smith's work is featured in the collection of the Cleveland Museum of Art and Musée d’art moderne et contemporain (MAMCO), Genève.
Publications.
The artist’s first monographic catalog was co-published by JRP-Rignier and Musée d’art moderne et contemporain (MAMCO) on occasion of the exhibition "Greg Parma Smith" in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56873818" url="?curid=56873818" title="Murat Tosun (alpine skier)">
Murat Tosun (alpine skier)

Murat Tosun (born 10 August 1951) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873822" url="?curid=56873822" title="Murat Tosun (skier)">
Murat Tosun (skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56873830" url="?curid=56873830" title="2019 Six Nations Championship">
2019 Six Nations Championship

The 2019 Six Nations Championship (known as the Guinness Six Nations for sponsorship reasons) was the 20th Six Nations Championship, the annual rugby union competition contested by the national teams of England, France, Ireland, Italy, Scotland, and Wales, and the 125th edition of the competition (including all the tournament's previous versions as the Home Nations Championship and Five Nations Championship). 
Wales won the championship for the first time since 2013, beating defending champions Ireland at the Millennium Stadium on the final day to claim their first Grand Slam since 2012.
Table.
Table ranking rules
Fixtures.
The fixtures were announced on 16 May 2017. The first game of the championship was a Friday night game between France and Wales.
Round 1.
Notes:
Notes:
Notes:
Round 2.
Notes:
Notes:
Notes:
Round 3.
Notes:
Notes:
Notes:
Round 4.
Notes
Notes:
Notes
Round 5.
Notes:
Notes:
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="56873857" url="?curid=56873857" title="South Australian Cabinet">
South Australian Cabinet


</doc>
<doc id="56873877" url="?curid=56873877" title="André Simone">
André Simone


</doc>
<doc id="56873881" url="?curid=56873881" title="Roberto Koifman">
Roberto Koifman

Roberto Koifman (born 21 August 1956) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873882" url="?curid=56873882" title="Social Inclusion Minister">
Social Inclusion Minister


</doc>
<doc id="56873884" url="?curid=56873884" title="1st (Netherlands) Air Task Force">
1st (Netherlands) Air Task Force


</doc>
<doc id="56873886" url="?curid=56873886" title="Eirinon">
Eirinon


</doc>
<doc id="56873898" url="?curid=56873898" title="Kobdhexaad">
Kobdhexaad


</doc>
<doc id="56873907" url="?curid=56873907" title="Valerie Gibson">
Valerie Gibson

Valerie Gibson , also known as Val Gibson, is a Professor of Physics and Head of the High Energy Physics group at the University of Cambridge.
Education.
Gibson completed a Bachelors in Physics at the University of Sheffield in 1983. She achieved a DPhil in experimental particle physics in 1986 from The Queen's College, Oxford.
Career.
In 1987 she became a fellow in the Experimental Physics Division at CERN. She joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1989 on a five-year SERC Advanced Fellowship. In 1989 she also received a Stokes Senior Research Fellowship at Pembroke College. She was appointed as University Lecturer and Fellow of Trinity College in 1994. She was awarded a Royal Society Leverhulme Trust Fellowship in 2007. Gibson was appointed Professor in 2009.
She began work on the Muon Scattering Experiment at Paul Scherrer Institute. She has worked on the LHCb experiment since the first beam of particles were injected into the Large Hadron Collider in 2008. Gibson has overall responsibility for data acquisition from the ring imaging Cherenkov detectors. Gibson was the UK spokesperson for the LHCb experiment between 2004 and 2008. Today she is chair of the CERN Collaboration Board and lead of the University of Cambridge's LHCb team. Gibson was part of the discovery of CP violation in the Kaon system.
Public engagement.
Gibson is a keen science communicator, interested in taking science to a wider range of audiences. She regularly discusses particle physics discoveries in the media. She developed the card game "Hunt the Higgs" and has acted as an adviser for exhibitions at the Science Museum. She is a patron of the Gravity Fields Festival. Alongside her research group, Gibson exhibited at the Royal Society Summer Science Exhibition.
Gibson has spent her career championing women in science. She believes it is her duty "to encourage younger women in their careers and say ‘it is possible’". She has been part of the University of Cambridge's Athena SWAN and Project Juno committees. In 2014, the University of Cambridge were awarded the first gold Athena SWAN award. She won the WISE Campaign Leader Award in 2013. She is chair of the Institute of Physics Juno panel. In 2016 she launched a three-day residential program for young women interested in physics at the Cavendish Laboratory. In 2016 she won a Royal Society Athena Prize for increasing gender diversity in mathematics, having been nominated by the Institute of Physics. She was a keynote speaker at the 2018 Conference for Undergraduate Women in Physics.
Gibson was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2021 New Year Honours for services to science, women in science and public engagement.

</doc>
<doc id="56873918" url="?curid=56873918" title="Soulis Cross">
Soulis Cross

The ancient Soulis Cross was originally located in the centre of Soulis Street (NS43013821) near the Kilmarnock Water in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland. In 1825 a replacement cross in the form of a fluted pillar topped with an urn was erected using funds raised by public inscription and this was placed near the original site but located in an alcove situated within the high boundary wall of the High Kirk (NS43003820). A brass diamond mark was placed in the road to indicate the original site where Lord Soulis is said to have died, but this is no longer visible as it has become covered with tarmac.
Description.
Significantly the Soulis Cross is recorded by Timothy Pont and described as a stone pillar, 8ft - 9ft high. Some years before 1792 it was in a ruinous condition, but its stones were recovered and re-erected with a small gilt cross-like vane placed on the top. At this time an inscription "L Soules 1444" was carved on it as a record of the supposed killing of a Lord Soulis at the site. The shaft is octagonal, with two original sections topped by a 'new' pointed piece and has an approximately octagonal original base that stands on a later square base dating from 1890. It originally had three steps representing the Holy Trinity with the date '1600'. 
Originally the shaft may have been topped by a stone cross that has been lost, an iron cross being added in the 19th century, a replica of which was made when it was restored for display in the museum. The top level of the base has a couple of holes that suggest that something metallic was once inserted such as a chain.
Some doubts have been expressed on a mid 15th century date for the old cross or even that the replaced cross is a further replacement for an even older original. Paterson regarded it as being the most significant of Kilmarnock's antiquities.
As stated, the old dilapidated cross was moved from Soulis Street in 1825 and is now on display in the town's Dick Institute with a plaque on the wall next to the replacement cross giving details of the death of Lord Soulis. 
The inscription on the pediment above the alcove in which the replacement 'cross' stands reads ""To the memory of Lord Soulis, A.D. 1444. Erected by subscription, A.D. 1825. The days of old to mind I call."
Crosses when erected on a significant spot sometimes could be a form of legal consecration of the site. in the later medieval period With the introduction of Gothic styles of architecture in the later medieval period the design of the crosses became more complex, usually having a stepped base known as the ‘Calvary’ from which preach could take place and with a ‘socket’ on top into which the cross shaft was placed. 
Kilmarnock's market was located in the centre of the old town so the Soulis Cross was not a market cross and no records of an ancient near by church, abbey, etc exist to explain its location on the outskirts of the old town.
History.
Oddly the cross is said to commemorate the death of an Englishman, Lord Soulis, who was supposedly leading a force of English soldiers or 'Southrons' in an attempt to capture Dean Castle and with it the lands of Kilmarnock from the lords of the barony, the Boyds, Earls of Kilmarnock. It is very unusual for feudal lords to permit the erection of a memorial that celebrates the enemy, especially when the townsfolk are known to have celebrated the victory of the Boyds over the English.
A detailed but unsubstantiated report of the incident by Archibald McKay states that Lord Soulis and his English mercenaries were discovered at their camp on the Knockenlaw and were set upon by Lord Boyd, the laird of Craufurdland and others resulting in a skirmish in which several were killed on either side but due to the wooded nature of the land at the time eventually the two sides became separated and hostilities ceased. The next day this Lord Soulis and his remaining soldiers attempted to attack the Dean Castle however they were discovered and De Soulis was killed at the field known as the Clerk's Holm by Lord Boyd who shot him through the heart with an arrow using his cross-bow from his position across the Kilmarnock Water.
Pont's quote, written in the early 1600s, referring to the lands of Kilmarnock, was that "...it belonged first to ye Locartts Lordes therof then to the Lord Soulis and now the cheiffe duelling almoft for 300 zeirs of ye Lords Boyde. Neir to it is ther a ftone crosse called to this day Soulis Crosse quher they affirme ye Lord Soulis wes killed.""
It is recorded that this part of Kilmarnock was once known as 'Middle Soulcross' which may or may not contain a clue as to the origin of the name.
Lord Soulis.
Lord Soulis is said to have been killed by an arrow or cross-bow bolt fired by one of the Boyd family, some sources say Lord Boyd himself, from the opposite bank of the Kilmarnock Water. More detail is given under the Knockenlaw section.
Timothy Pont records that the Lockharts followed by the Soulis family held the barony of Kilmarnock, however by 1444 this Soulis family had lost their power and influence having been after being punished by Robert the Bruce in the early 14th Century for their taking part in the 'Soulis Plot' against him. The De Soulis family had once been unsuccessful claimants to the throne of Scotland. Records also show that the Boyd's actually obtained the lands of Kilmarnock from John Balliol although they had passed to Robert the Bruce for around ten years at the time.
Robertson points out that the coat of arms of the De Soulis &amp; De Morville families is identical and they may therefore have been related to this very powerful and influential family.
No record of a Lord Soulis has however been found for the dates 1444 or 1543 however and the story for the origin and significance of the Soulis Cross remains mired in confusion.
The Knockenlaw Court incident.
It has been suggested that one explanation for the existence of the cross is a link with an incident that took place in the 16th century at Knockenlaw however this would require the date and the associated name to have become confused over the years, unlikely as the story was already fixed in legend in the early 17th century when Timothy Pont recorded it.
This mound, called Knockinglaw on the 1896 OS, still exists in very poor condition near Little Onthank just off the road to Kilmaurs. It was a tumulus in which urns had been found and due to its remote location it had a powder magazine built into it at one stage. It is involved in one of the versions of the stories of the killing of Lord Soulis. He is said to have been killed here in 1444 after leading a band of English mercenaries into the Kilmarnock area and then subsequently suffering a rout at the hands of the Boyd's of Dean Castle. 
A final role of the mound was in the attempt at holding a barony court at Knockenlaw by the Earl of Glencairn, circa 1543 when he was attempting to claim the Lordship of Kilmarnock from the Boyd's. In the event the supporters of the Boyd's, including Mungo Mure of Rowallan turned up in force and the Earl had to abandon his attempt. A Roman Well, said to be of great antiquity was located nearby and the location had a commanding view of the surrounding countryside. These sites are now mostly hidden beneath housing estates.
It is recorded in 1845 that a farmer named Mr Clark of Knockinlaw found at a "Considerable depth beneath the Surface" an ancient iron sword that was said to have come from the skirmish that took place at this site on the day before the death of Lord Soulis.
Lord Soulis of Hermitage Castle.
A notorious Lord Soulis is linked with the evil redcaps at Hermitage Castle in the Borders. He could only be bound by a three-stranded rope of sand, but they got over the problem of hanging him by binding him in a lead sheet and boiling him to death for the murder of the Laird of Branxholm.

</doc>
<doc id="56873922" url="?curid=56873922" title="Acrosorium">
Acrosorium

Acrosorium is a genus of marine red algae.
Species.
AlgaeBase recognises the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="56873926" url="?curid=56873926" title="Sigurður Jónsson (alpine skier)">
Sigurður Jónsson (alpine skier)

Sigurður Hjálmar Jónsson (27 March 1959 – 7 May 1996) was an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the 1980 Winter Olympics. He won the Icelandic championship in slalom in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="56873927" url="?curid=56873927" title="Dachinabades">
Dachinabades


</doc>
<doc id="56873934" url="?curid=56873934" title="Sigurour Jonsson (alpine skier)">
Sigurour Jonsson (alpine skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56873941" url="?curid=56873941" title="Kalliena">
Kalliena


</doc>
<doc id="56873946" url="?curid=56873946" title="Tómas Leifsson">
Tómas Leifsson

Tómas Leifsson (born 20 January 1953) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56873953" url="?curid=56873953" title="Tomas Leifsson">
Tomas Leifsson


</doc>
<doc id="56873957" url="?curid=56873957" title="Batfly">
Batfly


</doc>
<doc id="56873958" url="?curid=56873958" title="Tinlib">
Tinlib

Tinlib was an integrated library system based on a database management system named Tinman. The system was developed for MS-DOS and UNIX.
History.
Tinlib was developed in 1985 by Dr. Peter Noerr, who also founded IME Ltd. (Information Management &amp; Engineering) in London. During the 1980s, the system became widespread, especially in Britain, the United States, and English-speaking countries such as South Africa and Australia.
Tinlib lost market share with the introduction of graphical interfaces like Windows and OPAC. There remained a market for a time in eastern Europe; a Romanian subsidiary, IME Romania, took over Tinlib when IME Ltd. was closed in 2002. IME Romania further developed the system for Tinread.

</doc>
<doc id="56873964" url="?curid=56873964" title="Context-Based Sustainability">
Context-Based Sustainability

Context-Based Sustainability (CBS) – also known as Context-Based Accounting – is an open-source performance accounting method that measures and reports the impacts of organizations (and other human social systems) against norms, standards or thresholds for what they (the impacts) would have to be in order to be sustainable. As such, CBS is a performance accounting system that interprets performance through a sustainability lens, according to which impacts are sustainable if and only if, when generalized to a broader population, they have the effect of producing and/or maintaining vital capital resources in the world at levels required to ensure human well-being. Impacts that have the opposite effect are unsustainable, as are the activities that produce them.
The reference to "context" in CBS pertains to social, economic and environmental circumstances that give rise to organization-specific standards of performance – "sustainability" standards of performance. Such circumstances most importantly include: (1) the actual social, economic and environmental circumstances organizations find themselves in, (2) the kinds of impacts they may, in turn, be having on social, economic or environmental resources (capitals) people rely on for their well-being, (3) the demand for, supply and sufficiency of such resources by/for organizations themselves and others, (4) the identity of other parties to whom related duties or obligations of performance are owed for moral, legal or regulatory reasons (i.e., stakeholders and the duties owed to them), and (5) the identities of others with whom such duties or obligations may be shared. Out of this comes the specification of organization-specific standards of performance.
Because CBS involves the measurement, management and reporting of performance in context-based ways, references to its workings are sometimes made using derivative terms, like Context-Based Measurement, Context-Based Management, Context-Based Reporting, Context-Based Targets, Context-Based Metrics, Context-Based Carbon Metrics, Context-Based Water Metrics, etc. All of that falls within the scope of CBS.
Thresholds and allocations.
Organization-specific standards of performance can also be thought of as fair, just and proportionate shares of burdens or responsibilities organizations have to help produce and/or maintain vital resources in the world at levels required to ensure human well-being. In the vocabulary of CBS, this is very often explained in terms of "thresholds" and "allocations". A threshold is a measure of the magnitude or size of a resource (e.g., the volume of available renewable water in a watershed or a "livable" wage level for employee compensation). An allocation, in turn, is a fair, just and proportionate share of the effort it may take to maintain a threshold and which is assignable to an individual organization. Such assignments will either be shared or exclusive. An organization's obligation to abide by its fair share of available renewable water in a watershed, for example, would be a shared obligation; its obligation to pay its employees a livable wage and nothing less would be an exclusive one, borne only by itself.
In some cases, organization-specific standards of performance may also be science-based; in other cases, they may be purely moral or ethics-based. A science-based standard, for example, might consist of targets for the rate at which greenhouse gas emissions should be reduced over time in order to reverse climate change; an ethics-based standard, by contrast, might call for gender equality in organizations, or that the use of child labor be prohibited. In other cases, standards of performance might be purely legal or regulatory. In all cases, standards are expressed in terms of organization-specific shares (allocations) of shared and/or exclusive duties to maintain vital resources at levels (thresholds) required to ensure human and/or non-human well-being. Allocations thereby define organization-specific standards of performance, or norms, to maintain vital capitals at required (threshold) levels.
Importantly, all of this stands in stark contrast to most of what passes for mainstream practice in accounting today, which tends to be expressed in more incrementalist terms. Performance according to such incrementalism is all about how performance in one period might compare to another, but only in terms of "more of this" or "less of that". If profits go up, performance is positive. If energy efficiency goes down, performance is negative. At no time, however, do such measures express the "sustainability" of impacts - only their incremental or relative movements from one period of time to another.
Multicapitalism vs. monocapitalism.
CBS is also capital-based in the sense that it is an accounting implementation of what many are now referring to as "multicapitalism". Multicapitalism is a relatively new economic doctrine according to which the performance of an organization, economy, municipality, or any other human population, can be seen as a function of what its impacts are on the sufficiency of multiple vital capitals, and not just in terms of economic outcomes. From this perspective, modern-day capitalism can be seen as the practice of "monocapitalism": the pursuit of development, or growth in, only one type of capital (economic), very often at the expense of all others (e.g., natural, human, social, constructed and intellectual).
Under the multicapitalistic view of things, an organization's performance is favorable if and only if its impacts on all vital capitals (i.e., ones that have been determined to be material to itself) are sustainable. And to be sustainable, an its impacts on vital capitals must be in full compliance with whatever organization-specific standards of performance have been defined for itself. Anything less than sustainable performance in any material area of impact should, in principle, cause overall performance to worsen under the doctrine of multicapitalism and CBS, or what can also be referred to as "multiple capital", "multicapital", or "multi-capital accounting". Making materiality determinations is therefore key in CBS, although not only for the sake of shareholders, but for other stakeholders as well.
Multicapitalism has its roots in economic theory going back to at least the early twentieth century. In 1906, for example, the economist Irving Fisher wrote: "A "stock" of "wealth" existing at an "instant" of time is called "capital". A "flow of services" through a "period" of time is called "income"." By the middle of the same century, another prominent economist, Kenneth Boulding, had taken Fisher's definitions to the next level by applying the concept not only to economic capital per se, but to other capitals as well. In 1949, Boulding identified several other non-economic capitals that must be maintained in order to ensure human well-being, including human capital, cultural capital, intellectual capital, and geological capital, the last of which arguably corresponds to what today is referred to as natural capital.
By the end of the century, a growing chorus of scholars and practitioners in the field of sustainability were actively advocating for adoption of the multi-capital-based interpretation of the subject, including Donella (Dana) Meadows, who in 1998 wrote: "The Balaton working group agreed unanimously that the idea of capital - all forms of capital - is central to information systems for sustainable development … They allow the stock-flow analysis that can make indicators dynamic. And they begin to suggest a conceptual framework to keep track of the linkages among many forms of capital and to derive indicators that could help people and nations build up the several kinds of wealth that are necessary for a people-enriching, nature-preserving system."
In the sustainability/capital literature today - still heavily influenced by not only historical, but modern-day economists as well - capital is now commonly defined as "a stock of anything that yields a flow of valuable goods or services important for human well-being". The consensus on multiple capitals, too, has largely settled on a framework of six primary types (i.e., natural, human, social, constructed, economic and intellectual), including several permutations or derivatives thereof. The idea behind every one of them, though, is the same: that human well-being is utterly dependent upon their continued and adequate existence. To diminish the sufficiency of any one of them is, in a word, unsustainable.
Central to the importance and application of multicapitalism to organizations and human social systems writ large is the further idea that capitals have carrying capacities that can be measured and quantified, and for which the responsibilities to maintain them can be attributed to individual actors (e.g., to organizations) in fair, just and proportionate ways. The carrying capacity of a stock of capital is the extent of demand for its goods or services it can support. Indeed, as resources that humans and other species rely on for their well-being, capitals do have their limits. In some cases, the limits are beyond our control (e.g., most natural or ecological capitals). In other cases, the limits are within our control because the capitals themselves are human-made. These are the anthropogenic capitals, or what some refer to as the "anthro capitals" (i.e., human, social, constructed, economic and intellectual capitals).
When taken together, the combination of multicapitalism, multiple capital accounting and the concept of the carrying capacities of capitals results in a newly informed approach to management, economics and accounting that interprets performance in terms of impacts on all capitals. Management, that is, is "capital impact" management; and performance accounting is all about measuring and reporting the effects of organizations' activities on the sufficiency of vital capitals relative to standards for what they (the impacts) would have to be in order to be sustainable. CBS, in turn, provides the underlying measurement and reporting system that managers in twenty-first-century enterprises can use to successfully navigate these new waters.
Context-Based Metrics.
One of the hallmarks of Context-Based Sustainability is its use of Context-Based Metrics (CBMs). Unlike other metrics used to measure, manage and report the sustainability performance of organizations (e.g., absolute and relative/intensity metrics), most CBMs, but not all, take the form of quotients that have two parts to them: 1) denominators that express organization-specific norms for what their impacts on vital capitals must be in order to be sustainable (i.e., equivalent to "allocations" as explained above), and 2) numerators that express their actual impacts on the same capitals. Thus, the sustainability performance (S) of an organization is equal to its actual impacts (A) on capitals divided by its normative impacts (N) on the same capitals: S=A/N (i.e., the Sustainability Quotient).
When the numeric values expressed in such quotient-based CBMs are computed, the resulting scores will either be less than 1.0, greater than 1.0, or equal to 1.0. Such scores can then be interpreted as follows: 1) for impacts on natural capitals, any score of less than or equal to 1.0 signifies sustainable performance; scores of greater than 1.0 signify the opposite; 2) for impacts on all other types of capital, the logic reverses: scores of greater than or equal to 1.0 signify sustainable performance; scores of less than 1.0 signify the opposite.
These scoring conventions reflect the difference between capitals that are anthropogenic or human made (human, social, constructed, economic and intellectual) and those that are not (natural). In order to be sustainable, impacts on anthropogenic capitals must be continuously regenerative, so that nothing less than minimum levels of sufficiency (i.e., in the carrying capacities of the capitals) are maintained. Impacts on natural capitals, by contrast, must be constrained, so as not to exceed the limits of what nature can renewably provide or regenerate by its own means. For impacts on natural capital, then, humans must live within their ecological means; for impacts on all other capitals, they must continually recreate the means to live.
Because Context-Based Sustainability and its derivative tools and methods, including the MultiCapital Scorecard (mentioned below) are open-source, most context-based metrics, too, are publicly available for widespread use. This includes context-based metrics previously developed by the non-profit Center for Sustainable Organizations (CSO), many of which are freely downloadable from its website: Downloadable Context-Based Metrics. Of particular note is CSO's Context-Based Carbon Metric (originally developed and field-tested with Ben &amp; Jerry's in 2006), which was the world's first science-based carbon metric and is still very much in use today.
Evolution of CBS.
The development of CBS was preceded by the Sustainability Context principle, a sustainability accounting concept first put forward in 2002 by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) in its "Guidance" for corporate sustainability reporting. And whereas the Sustainability Context principle is just that, a principle, CBS is a methodology that makes it possible to put the principle into practice. The CBS methodology was originally developed by Mark W. McElroy of the Center for Sustainable Organizations, a non-profit public charity in the U.S., as part of his doctoral dissertation at the University of Groningen in 2008. He and Jo van Engelen then more broadly promoted the concept in their 2012 book, "Corporate Sustainability Management".
Also part of McElroy's doctoral dissertation in 2008 was a narrow application of CBS known as the "Social Footprint Method (SFM)". Like the Ecological Footprint Method (EFM), the SFM was intended to make it possible to assess the sustainability performance of a human social system. But unlike the EFM, the SFM focused on social, not ecological, sustainability performance. McElroy would later go on to develop an environmental application of CBS as well.
While initially confined to social and environmental performance, CBS was subsequently expanded in 2013 by McElroy and a colleague of his, Martin P. Thomas, formerly of Unilever, to include treatment of financial performance as well. This resulted in the world's first fully operationalized (and context-based) Triple Bottom Line performance accounting method: The MultiCapital Scorecard (i.e., an open-source integrated measurement and reporting system). A book by the same title was later published by Thomas and McElroy in 2016.
Uptake.
Notwithstanding the fact that the leading international standard for corporate sustainability reporting, the Global Reporting Initiative, has since 2002 been calling for the practice of what is referred to here as Context-Based Sustainability, the uptake and adoption of CBS is only now reaching an inflection point. This can be seen on at least three fronts: (1) Third-Party, Independent and Peer-Reviewed Assessments and Adoptions, (2) B Corporation Community Endorsements, and (3) Organizational Adoptions.
Third-party, independent and peer-reviewed assessments and adoptions.
"The context principle was introduced as early as 2002 when it was embedded in the second generation of the GRI reporting framework. However, partially due to lack of available guidance on how to apply context to the reporting, it has largely been absent in corporate reporting. In an effort to fill this context gap, several organizations have taken important steps to put scientific context back into sustainability reporting. At the core of the context-based reporting movement is the Center for Sustainable Organizations (CSO). CSO developed Context-Based Sustainability (CBS), a framework for implementing Sustainability Context through the use of thresholds and allocations."
And in the same report, UNEP added
"All companies should apply a context-based approach to sustainability reporting, allocating their fair share impacts on common capital resources within the thresholds of their carrying capacities."
"The terms 'context-based' and 'Sustainability Context' are accepted terminology for measurement and reporting that compare corporate impacts to social, economic, and environmental thresholds."
Organizational adoptions.
Many organizations have embraced and implemented CBS and its context-based metrics to one degree or another, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="56873972" url="?curid=56873972" title="List of Black Lightning characters">
List of Black Lightning characters

 
Black Lightning is an American superhero television series developed by Salim Akil, airing on The CW. It is based on the DC Comics character of the same name, created by Tony Isabella. It stars Cress Williams as the titular character alongside China Anne McClain, Nafessa Williams, Christine Adams, Marvin Jones III, Damon Gupton, James Remar, Chantal Thuy, and Jordan Calloway. Initially set on an unnamed alternative Earth separate from the other Arrowverse media, the show was later merged with Earth-1 (the setting of "Arrow", "The Flash", "Legends of Tomorrow", and "Batwoman") and Earth-38 (the setting of "Supergirl") into Earth-Prime during "Crisis on Infinite Earths".
The series sees the retired Black Lightning (Cress Williams), who as Jefferson Pierce is a high school principal and loving father, return to the hero life after his daughters are kidnapped by the 100 Gang, which is later revealed to be led by Tobias Whale (Marvin Jones III), who apparently killed Jefferson's father years before the onset.
Jefferson's elder daughter Anissa (who is an avid social activist for African-American human rights) later discovers she has inherited her father's metahuman genes, although she is initially unaware that he is Black Lightning and begins investigating her grandfather's articles concerning a group of young metahumans who disappeared years ago. She later discovers her father is Black Lightning and joins him using her powers as a vigilante. Jefferson's ex-wife Lynn Stewart (Christine Adams), is the main inspiration of Jefferson's initial retirement as she feared him dying on the streets, but she begrudgingly realizes she cannot stop him after discovering Anissa's abilities even when Jennifer develops abilities of her own.
Main characters.
Jefferson Pierce / Black Lightning.
Jefferson "Jeff" Pierce (portrayed by Cress Williams as an adult, Kaden Washington Smith as a child) is the main protagonist of the series.
At the beginning of season one, Jefferson has retired crime-fighting as Black Lightning due to the urges of his ex-wife Lynn and the safety of his two daughters and is the benevolent school principal of Garfield High who is loved by his students and his daughters. His foster father, Peter Gambi, urges him to return to the streets and use his metahuman abilities to give hope to the inhabitants of Freeland, their city, which is under duress by the 100 Street Gang. Jefferson adamantly refuses to return and resists using his powers even against a group of racists police officers who pull him and his daughters over unjustified suspicions, but after his daughter Jennifer is captured by the 100 (and later his other daughter Anissa), he uses his metahuman abilities (which allow him to generate and control electricity offensively) to fight off the gangsters holding them captive as Black Lightning, adorning a new suit built for him by Gambi (although, he initially only does this as a once-off for his daughters).
Initially, Jefferson only returns to being Black Lightning to save his daughters and promises his ex-wife Lynn that it was a never to be repeated occasion and Black Lightning is gone and the two begin to explore reuniting, with Jefferson believing he can do more as Jefferson than Black Lightning could ever do as the community believes in his ability to get things done as a school principal and elder. As the series progresses, it revealed that Jefferson's ability to stand up for the community is so effective that he has come to be affectionately known as "Black Jesus" as revealed by his former student LaWanda White. Members of Freeland's community complain to Jefferson about the looming threat of the 100 taking young girls, including LaWanda's own daughter and having them forcibly work for them, but Jefferson continues to resist Black Lightning and promises to help find another way. He speaks to Latavius (who insists to be called "Lala"), one of Jeff's former students and a high-ranking member of the 100 gang, and asks him to back off to no avail, forcing LaWanda to confront Lala only for him to shoot and instantly kill her. Unbeknown to Latavius, she has recorded the event and it is found by the police, who use this as evidence to imprison Latavius. LaWanda's death forms the catalyst to convince Jeff that he is not doing better as Jefferson Pierce but must fully return and act as Black Lightning, much to Lynn's chagrin. As Black Lightning once more, Jeff attacks and hands Lala over to the police, who apprehend him, although is soon murdered by Tobias Whale, the secret true leader of the 100 gang.
Jeff continues to act as Black Lightning during the night and principal and parent during the day, dealing with the stress of Jennifer's adolescence and Anissa's incessant cry for action against the 100. Gambi helps him by watching through a camera in his glasses and a com and has surveillance watching most parts of the city. It is later revealed that Jefferson's father was a journalist who was killed by Tobias after he wrote an article about him. Jefferson retired shortly after a confrontation with Tobias that left the gangster believing he'd killed Black Lightning, making a name for himself on the streets for the past decade. Upon discovering he is alive, Tobias attempts to have Black Lightning killed while citizens of Freeland pay tribute to his return, but the bullet instead hits Jennifer's boyfriend Khalil, severing his spinal cord and crippling the track star. After discovering Tobias's resurgence, Jefferson attempts to kill him to avenge his father, but is convinced he's better by Lynn, who reminds him he is a hero and not a murderer shortly before she is attacked by some 100 gangsters for biological research into the drug Greenlight (a high addictive drug which the 100 had begun selling to the youth that seems to temporarily give them enhanced strength while under its frenzy). The gangsters are chased off by Anissa, who is revealed to have inherited her father's metahuman genes, has powers and has started to act as a vigilante as well. Upon arrival, Black Lightning fights a masked Anissa, believing her to be the one attacking a gagged and tied-up Lynn. After a heated confrontation, Jefferson knocks Anissa out only to realize who she is. Lynn laments that she is also a metahuman and that she has followed in Jeff's footsteps but the two are forced to accept her need to fight for good just like Black Lightning and Lynn has Gambi make her suit. Jefferson though is displeased with Lynn's apparent hypocrisy and briefly voices his outrage on the matter.
In season three, Agent Odell gives Jefferson a special watch. When this watch is charged to a specific point, Jefferson gains a new costume through nano-technology. This enabled Odell to win Black Lightning into assisting against the Markovian invaders. After returning to Garfield High, he learns from Principal Mike Lowry that the A.S.A. had him reassign Jefferson to the occupation of guidance counselor. Due to the A.S.A.'s oppression, Black Lightning starts to work alongside the rebels.
In part three of "Crisis on Infinite Earths", he is recruited by the Flash and his team in an effort to stop an anti-matter wave from annihilating the entire multiverse after he was teleported away while his world was erased. In the final part, Jefferson is restored when his Earth is merged with Earth-1 and Earth-38 to form Earth-Prime. He later become the founding members of a "league of heroes" alongside Barry and several other heroes. Black Lightning returns to Freeland and continues assisting the resistance. When Lynn is taken to Markovia, Jefferson has a parley with Major Sara Grey when it comes to a plan for a rescue mission. Jefferson agrees to help the A.S.A. rescue Lynn under the condition that the metahumans that assist them are off limits afterwards. When it came to the raid on a Markovian facility, Jefferson came up with an idea to have Thunder strike Erica Moran until she has absorbed enough kinetic energy to break down the strong door. Despite being hit by a laser gun wielded by Gravedigger, Black Lightning catches up to the group and shocks Gravedigger into submission. Then he and Lynn retreat to Freeland. When the Markovians attack Freeland, Black Lightning assists in defeating the ones that were attacking the Perdi. Lynn later informs Jefferson that his DNA and Gravedigger's DNA are a match meaning that they are both related. When Gravedigger defeats Lightning, Black Lightning begins to fight him. After Black Lightning tries to reason with him while mentioning that they are related, Gravedigger uses a microwave move to cause some burns to Black Lightning. When some Markovian soldiers make off with Lightning, Black Lightning makes a tactical retreat. He receives help from Brandon to rescue Lightning. After Henderson dies in his arms after shooting the soldiers that were planning to attack him, Black Lightning fights Gravedigger in the Pit. With help from Lynn using an anti-boost serum on Gravedigger, Black Lightning defeats him and gets everybody out of the Pit before it self-destructs. Following Odell being wounded by Khalil, Black Lightning is accompanied by Lynn, Thunder, and Lightning where they present the briefcase to a congressional committee that exposes the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's own experiments.
Jennifer Pierce / Lightning.
Jennifer "Jen" Pierce (portrayed by China Anne McClain as an teenager in season 1 to the first four episodes of season 4 and the series finale, Laura Kariuki for the remainder of season 4, Fallyn Brown as a child) is Jefferson Pierce's younger daughter and a metahuman, like her father and sister. She is based on the DC Comics character of the same name.
Jennifer is portrayed as a carefree, rebellious teenager who is prone to challenging the "good girl" appearance imposed on her by her respected father, who is the principal of her high school Garfield High, as well her sister Anissa, who is a teacher at the same school. Initially, Jennifer is very careless and even at times reckless with her own life such in the series premiere when getting drunk in a well-known 100 club and almost being forced to work for them. Jennifer is subsequently rescued by her father, who unbeknownst to her is the crime-fighting vigilante known as Black Lightning. After being kidnapped by the 100 with her sister Anissa, she is rescued by Black Lightning and begins drinking and smoking to mask her fear.
Jefferson has extensively taught Jennifer and Anissa martial arts and she is a very skilled hand-to-hand combatant, having once even efficiently broken a girl's wrist. She and her sister Anissa share a very close relationship, although Jennifer often does not support Anissa's more confrontational approach to doing the right thing. Jennifer begins to show maturity after her long-time friend Khalil (who is Garfield High's track star) asks her to be his girlfriend and becomes a stable influence on her life. Jennifer deeply cares for Khalil and after they agree to lose their virginity together, she is responsible enough to inform her parents she will be having sex, although Khalil is shot and crippled before this can happen while marching against the 100's gang violence with Jennifer, ending his ambitions of becoming an Olympic star and transcending the limitations usually imposed on teenagers of color (an example he makes is getting a girl pregnant, getting in jail or becoming a junkie). This puts a strain on their relationship and Khalil lashes out at Jennifer, on an occasion even supporting a girl cyberbullying her. After confronting him on the matter, Khalil reveals he blames her for his new status due to her encouraging him to join him on the march that got him shot, seemingly ending their relationship. Jennifer is currently unaware that she has also inherited her father's metahuman genes and that, like her sister, may one day gain her own abilities, a fact that is presently being kept from her by her sister, mother and father.
After she quits running track, Jennifer becomes an unpaid intern for her mother. Later, an encounter with her friend Kiesha startles Jennifer into awakening her own latent metahuman abilities, which become known to her after Kiesha almost falls off a ladder. Her abilities manifest as a very hot red lightning that comes from her hands and burns her smartphone. She keeps this a secret from Kiesha and later consciously attempts to recreate the earlier conditions and confirms she has abilities, further destroying her phone. Terrified, Jennifer immediately tells her sister and shows her the deconstructed smartphone.
The next morning, Anissa confesses the truth about her and their father being metahumans and that she is the crime fighting Thunder. As Jennifer initially does not believe her, Anissa uses her super strength to lift Jennifer's bed in a demonstration. Terrified, Jennifer flies and confronts their father, who begrudgingly admits Anissa is telling the truth. This makes Jennifer react angrily as she thinks they have all betrayed her trust as they have lied to her whole life. Later she laments to her mother that she will no longer have a happy and normal life and get to experience such things as prom, marriage and having children due to her new state as a "freak". She also confronts the fact that Lynn herself (who admits she is human and not Vixen or Supergirl as Jennifer suggested) ended her marriage to Jefferson because he was the metahuman Black Lightning. Jennifer and Anissa later reconcile and she shows her older sister her online presence and following far exceeds even Black Lightning's. Jefferson later talks to Jennifer and the two watch a movie together after Jennifer reveals they have not done so in some time. Jefferson also later assures her that the only life she will live is the one she wishes to live and that she does not have to become a superheroine like her sister or himself. This helps Jennifer although she still admits difficulty in accepting or even exploring her new abilities.
When Anissa tries to push her to find out what her abilities are and take up the mantle of becoming a hero, Jennifer's abilities manifest again and react violently due to the hurtful things Anissa said, having denounced Jennifer as a "disappointment". Her powers char a nearby couch and Anissa theorizes that her seemingly electric powers resemble their father's. Anissa has her sent to their mother's lab to take an MRI scan to insure Jennifer is okay. This leads to the discovery that Jennifer's cells are constantly producing "pure energy" in contrast to Jefferson's, whose electric powers are absorbed and conducted from an exterior source like a battery's while Jennifer's body acts as a powerful interior generator for a stronger kind of "lightning".
After the A.S.A. discovers Black Lightning's secret identity, Jennifer and her family are forced to go into hiding.
In season two, Jennifer starts to get control of her abilities. She manages to perfect them when she finally confronts Tobias Whale for what he did to Khalil and takes up the name of Lightning. Though Lightning chooses not to kill Tobias, she helps her father defeat him.
In season three, Jennifer works to gain control of her powers at the time when her parents are in A.S.A. custody. Odell uses her to destroy a Markovian facility that was cleared out by Black Lightning and the A.S.A. commandos that he rescued after Odell claimed to her that the Markovians killed Nichelle. She soon starts to do secret missions for Odell as she is also advised to pick a side when it becomes a three-way struggle between Freeland, the A.S.A., and the Markovians. After being exposed to the anti-matter in the sky in a lead-up to "Crisis on Infinite Earths", Jennifer meets two of her doppelgangers in a void and learns the flaws of having too little power and too much power. As Gambi worked to stabilize Jennifer, her body turned into a light as the anti-matter wave erases her Earth. Following the Crisis, Jennifer pulls herself together and declares that she is done with Odell. When the A.S.A. arrive to rescue Odell, Jennifer is shocked to see Painkiller alive and knocks him out. Jennifer helps to form a firewall to trap the Painkiller program. When Khalil regains control of his body and learns what the A.S.A. did to it, Jennifer is told that they can't be together. Jennifer later assists in the plans to rescue her mother from the Markovians. She finds her mother who has turned the tide on Yuri Mosin and helps to evacuate her. Jennifer later helps Brandon get the information about Brandon's mother from Dr. Jace. When Gravedigger arrives in Freeland, Lightning takes out the Markovian soldiers with him before Gravedigger throws her into the perimeter enough for it to come down. Black Lightning rescues Lightning and resuscitates her as Gravedigger catches up to them. After being dragged off by Markovian soldiers, Lightning is kept their prisoner as she tries to reason with Gravedigger. She is rescued by Black Lightning and Brandon. When in the Pit, Lightning and Brandon do a combo attack on Gravedigger who knocks them down. Following the conflict in Freeland, Lightning accompanies Black Lightning, Lynn, and Thunder to a Congressional committee hearing where they present the briefcase that exposes the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's own experiments.
In season four, Lightning assists Blackbird in fighting the 100 and the Kobra Cartel during their turf war. During a trip to the ionosphere, Lightning explodes causing Black Lightning to harness the energy particles so that Gambi's machine can put her back together. The process works, but Jennifer’s appearance drastically changes. Because of this, Jennifer takes up the alias of J.J. Stewart who is Jefferson's niece from Lynn's side of the family. Lynn later finds out that Jennifer's new form is starting to become unstable. Jennifer later re-forms in her original body and confronts J.J.; it's revealed that J.J. is actually an entity from the ionosphere who, after seeing Jennifer recharge there so many times and becoming jealous of what humanity had, stole her DNA and identity and left her for dead. After a massive fight Jennifer defeats the ionospheric entity by absorbing her, and later defeats the newly-empowered and vengeful Chief Ana Lopez.
Anissa Pierce / Thunder / Blackbird.
Anissa Pierce (portrayed by Nafessa Williams) is the older daughter of Jefferson Pierce and Lynn Stewart and a metahuman like her father and younger sister Jennifer. She is a medical student who works as a part-time teacher at Garfield High.
Anissa is an outspoken young woman who is described as "Harriet Tubman" by her sister Jennifer due to her avid support of the Black Lives Matter movement and Black Rights in general. At the start of the series, she is bailed out of jail by her sister and father due to her joining a protest against the 100 that turns violent. After provoking and publicly attacking Will (a member of the 100 and Lala's nephew) in defense of Jennifer after he got Jennifer into trouble with the gang, Anissa and her sister are kidnapped by Will and small group of gangsters during the class she was teaching. Fortunately, Black Lightning resurfaces and rescues them. Later that night, Anissa begins to undergo a panic attack that awakens her latent metahuman abilities, which (unbeknownst to her) she inherited from her father, breaking her bathroom sink in half. Anissa does not immediately realize that she is a metahuman and continues to briefly go on with life, believing it to have been an "accident". Anissa, who is openly lesbian, breaks up with her girlfriend Chenoa due to losing interest in her and begins to investigate her new abilities after her powers awaken again during a store robbery she is able to stop using them. She determines that she has enhanced strength and density when taking deep breaths that she can activate and deactivate at will by controlling her breathing. This makes her virtually invincible so long as she can continue to control her inhalation. In addition, she has an accelerated healing factor that mends injuries of her body far beyond the capabilities of an ordinary human. Anissa begins to look into her family history while also making a friend and possible new love interest in bartender Grace Choi while also doing vigilante work. Anissa learns that her grandfather was a journalist who investigated a group of young metahumans who disappeared years ago. Anissa eventually finds his research and decides to share it with her mother, Lynn Stewart, a neuroscientist, although she does not immediately tell her why she is researching their history. Lynn is attacked by members of the 100 shortly after, who tie her up and tape her mouth shut in her office forcing Anissa to use her powers to help her mother. While she successfully scares them away, Black Lightning shows up, wrongly believing a masked Anissa to be the culprit of a still tied-up Lynn's kidnapping. The two metahumans confront one another, and after Black Lightning inevitably wins and injures Anissa, Lynn reveals the truth and laments that both her children are metahumans.
In season three, Anissa takes on the alias of Blackbird when liberating young metahumans from the A.S.A. buses as Gambi secretly assists her. She later reunited with Grace and accepts her metahuman abilities. Anissa is erased during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" when a wave of anti-matter destroys the entire universe. She is restored when her Earth is merged with Earth-1 and Earth-38 to form Earth-Prime. Blackbird continues helping the resistance as Black Lightning allows her to make the calls. When Lynn is taken to Markovia, Anissa plans to take part in the rescue mission where she is persuaded by Grace to let her assist in it. When it comes to the raid on the Markovian facility, Thunder had to strike Erica Moran until she had absorbed enough kinetic energy enough to knock down a strong door. When the Markovians attacked South Freeland, Thunder and Grace assisted Black Lightning in fighting them. Anissa and Grace later invite everybody to their engagement party to get that out of the way before the Markovians begin their invasion on Freeland. When in the Pit, Thunder and Grace confront Gravedigger who controls Grace into attacking Thunder. She was forced to use her abilities to knock her out. Following the attack on Freeland, Lynn tells Thunder that Grace is in a coma where she is unsure when she'll come out of it as Lynn plans to make sure that Grace receives full care. Thunder accompanied Black Lightning, Lynn, and Lightning to a congressional committee where they present the briefcase that exposes the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's own experiments.
Describing her character as a positive role model, Williams said "I'm just really grateful to tell the story for young lesbians – and black lesbians in particular ... My hope is that when you watch Anissa, a young lesbian is inspired to walk boldly as who she is and to love herself and to love herself exactly how she looks."
Lynn Stewart.
Lynn Stewart (portrayed by Christine Adams) is a highly learned doctor and neurologist as well as the ex-wife of Jefferson and the mother of Jennifer and Anissa Pierce.
Several years before the onset of the series, Lynn divorced and convinced Jefferson to retire as Black Lightning to protect their two daughters as his vigilante work often brought him home battered and wounded; on occasion even bleeding in front of Jennifer. Years later, Lynn and Jefferson begin to get close again, giving Jeff hope of reconciliation before their daughters are kidnapped and he is forced to use his powers for the first time in years to save them, although he promises Lynn that it would be a one-time deal. After the death of his former student LaWanda White, Jeff decides to return to being Black Lightning, much to Lynn's frustration as this pushes back their relationship, which had finally started to heal. Lynn attempts to convince Peter Gambi (Jeff's enabler and surrogate father) to tell him to stop, to no avail. Lynn begins to realize Anissa is acting strange and inquires into this unsuccessfully, although she assures her that she will support her no matter what. Despite not wanting to get involved with Black Lightning, Lynn is instrumental in convincing Jefferson to not kill Tobias Whale, leader of the 100 and the man who killed his father. Lynn later begins to investigate the effects of a new drug called "Green Light" and its effects on the brain, which are similar to what appears to happen to Jefferson when he uses his powers. She is also given a box by Anissa containing Jefferson's father's genetic research on the metagene due to the disappearance of a group of teenagers years prior to his eventual death. Anissa dismisses her curiosity as her simply doing an assignment on their family history. Shortly thereafter, Lynn is attacked by 100 gangsters. Fortunately, Anissa shows up dressed in disguise and uses her abilities to disarm and scare off the attackers. Before she can help a shocked Lynn, Black Lightning arrives and wrongfully believes a masked Anissa to be Lynn's attacker. The two metahumans get into a heated confrontation with Jefferson emerging as the victor, although he soon regrets this as he realizes who she is. Lynn and Jefferson lament that Anissa has gained powers and has followed in Black Lightning's dangerous footsteps. Lynn analyses Anissa's wounds and realizes she has very fast healing abilities like her father.
In season three, Lynn starts working for the A.S.A. as she works to find a way to stabilize the metahuman gene. While using a filtered version of Green Light, Lynn was able to come up with the vaccines which also involved some DNA samples taken from Tobias Whale. Whale starts to play with her mind where he wanted the info on the metahumans the A.S.A. had. She gives them to him, but leaves out the information on Wendy Hernandez and Erica Moran. She is erased during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" when a wave of antimatter destroys the entire universe. Lynn is restored when her Earth is merged with Earth-1 and Earth-38 to form Earth-Prime. Both Jennifer and Jefferson find that she has become addicted to the modified Green Light. After receiving help from Sergeant Gardner Grayle into sneaking Tobias Whale out of the Pit, both of them were tasered by a Markovian operative who contacts Colonel Mosin to send Instant over. Lynn and Tobias are taken to Markovia where she is reunited with Jace. This led to a cat fight which Yuri Mosin broke up. He reveals to Lynn the knowledge of what Lynn has done to stabilize the metahuman gene from his double agent Nurse Michael Allen and leaves her a Green Light to help her out. As Jace works to gain Lynn's trust, she does tell Jace that she needs some medicine to deal with the Green Light withdrawal. Then she meets Gravedigger when he was given orders to take over the operation from Mosin. Lynn does a trick to get Gravedigger to give him his DNA sample which enabled her to make a 20-minute Green Light with a copy of his mind-control. While it worked on Mosin, it couldn't work on Gravedigger when he caught up to the group. As Lynn started to surrender to Gravedigger, Black Lightning arrived and shocked Gravedigger into submission. Then Black Lightning and Lynn got on the helicopter and retreated back to Freeland. Lynn continued to go through withdrawal symptoms as she has Jennifer fry the Green Light she hid in the bathroom. She was present when Gambi used the briefcase's information to explain the history of Gravedigger and the United States' collaboration with Markovia on a metahuman project. Lynn states that she left the meta-boost formula in Markovia. After working in the lab, Lynn informs Jefferson that his DNA and Gravedigger's DNA are a match meaning that they are related. As she works on the anti-boost serum to use on Gravedigger, Lynn is confronted by Commander Carson Williams who is on a mission to eliminate classified information where he mentions that he already did away with Dr. Jace. Briefly copying Erica's powers, Lynn kills Commander Williams in self-defense. With the anti-boost serum made, she uses them on Gravedigger enabling Black Lightning to defeat him as he then evacuates everyone from the Pit which has been set to self-destruct. After examining Grace, Lynn states to Anissa that she is in a coma where she is unsure when she'll come out of it while advising she gets full care. Lynn later accompanied Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning to a congressional committee where they present the briefcase that exposes the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's own experiments.
Tobias Whale.
Tobias Whale (portrayed by Marvin "Krondon" Jones III) is a crime lord who leads the 100 Gang and the main antagonist of the series.
Tobias is an African-American albino who is portrayed as cruel and seemingly loathes his "Black" heritage as he casually but very often expresses that he prefers the company of "White people" and refers to "Black" individuals distastefully as "negroes". This expressed usually by his left and right-hand man and woman Joey Toledo and Syonide who are always with him. Though this is contradicted by his apparent great love for his sister, Tori, who is a Black African-American (that is, "without" albinism). Tobias is first shown scolding Latavius, one of his main subordinates, on the apparent return of Black Lightning (whom he believed was deceased after his disappearance years earlier), asking if he believes in the "Resurrection". Tobias built his "street cred" around his apparent murdering Black Lightning and was gifted the 100 gang by a group of unseen, powerful underworld gangsters for it. They assign a woman named Lady Eve to watch over their investment in him and he reports to her. After Latavius is incarcerated for the death of LaWanda White (a civilian of Freeland who wanted her daughter back from the 100), Tobias, Toledo and Syonide infiltrate the jail with their connections at the police station and murder Lala as he is a liability. Tobias next attempts to assassinate Black Lightning after he appears before a mob of marchers against the 100. The bullet he fires misses and instead hits Jefferson's daughter's boyfriend, Khalil, whose spine is severed, but no one sees Tobias except Peter Gambi, who curiously erases the footage and keeps it from Jefferson. Tobias meets with Lady Eve, who expresses aversion with the uproar the 100 is receiving for paralyzing a potential "Olympic star", a fact Tobias mostly shrugs off. It is revealed that Tobias killed Jefferson Pierce's father years before the onset of the series when Jeff was a kid, but has maintained the same youthful appearance apparently due to an unnamed serum that sustains his youth and seemingly inhumane strength. Upon discovering that Tobias is in Freeland, Jefferson attempts to assassinate Tobias in return, but is convinced otherwise and Tobias escapes. Tobias next begins to release a drug called Greenlight that seems to temporarily enhance the user's strength while in a blind rage-filled frenzy but is highly unstable. Tobias's sister arrives in Freeland and suggests they turn the people of the city against Black Lightning. Together they decide to finally deal with their father, who was abusive towards them as children. Tobias breaks his back, mercilessly "letting him die" alone with no help. Later, Tobias and Syonide convince Khalil that they have a way to make him walk again. Sometime after this, Tobias and his sister are subsequently attacked by Black Lightning while attending a club. After Lady Eve and Peter Gambi murder Toledo, Tobias and Tori plot to kill Evelyn in revenge. Tobias's people are badly overpowered and he is injured while a stray bullet hits and kills Tori. His henchmen guide him out of the building. Using his contact with ASA operative Martin Proctor, Tobias Whale turns Khalil Payne into Painkiller. In the season finale, Tobias uses Lala as a bomb mule as he, Syonide, and Painkiller raid an A.S.A. building. Proctor escaped, but they got the briefcase he had.
In season two, Tobias Whale goes to visit the crypt of Tori to pay his respects where he is arrested by Deputy Chief Henderson and his fellow police officers for the murder of Alvin Pierce. Tobias is released from police custody when District Attorney Montez does not think that Jefferson's eyewitness testimony will stick. During "The Book of Rebellion" arc, Tobias Whale sends Painkiller to kill Reverend Jeremiah Holt, who wouldn't relocate his clinic as suggested by Councilman Kwame Parker. When Tobias got tired of waiting and Painkiller failed to get Reverend Holt to leave town, he placed a bounty on Painkiller, which gets fulfilled by Giselle Cutter and ends with Tobias ripping out his spinal implant and leaving him for dead. During these episodes, Tobias also gets a young prodigy named Todd Green on his side. The episode "The Book of Secrets: Chapter One: Prodigal Son" revealed that he was an old friend of Helga Jace, who made his anti-aging serum. After Todd orchestrates Jace's jailbreak in secret, she takes Tobias to where the remaining pod children are held, as he makes plans for them. In the season 2 finale, Tobias unleashes the Masters of Disaster on Freeland while also having the 100 cause riots. When Lightning confronts Tobias Whale after Cutter leaves him, she nearly kills him for what he did to Painkiller until Black Lightning shows up and talks her out of it. Lightning helps her father defeat Tobias who is then remanded to an off the books meta-human prison called the "Pit."
In season three, Tobias is looking older without his serum and his hair has grown in. Issa Williams uses his truth-extracting abilities on Tobias where he reveals that Proctor worked for Odell and that Odell works for the President of the United States. Odell later tries to get the location of the briefcase out of him to no avail even when he used ultraviolet lights on him. Tobias later has a hallucination of Black Lightning taunting him. When working on stabilizing the meta-gene, Lynn works on Tobias where she uses the same serum on him that restores his body. Tobias voices his knowledge that Black Lightning and Jefferson Pierce are one person and vows to deal with him when he gets out. Lynn then extracts a bone marrow sample from Tobias joking that she forgot the anesthetic. When Tobias is snuck out of the Pit and knocked out by Lynn, a Markovian operative tasered Lynn and Gardner Grayle while arranging for Instant to take Lynn and Tobias to Markovia. Once there, Yuri Mosin's double agent Nurse Michael Allen continued to extract the bone marrow from Tobias to further the Markovian's plans to stabilize the metahumans on their side. When Tobias is rescued by Black Lightning, he voices to Black Lightning that he knows his identity. This causes Black Lightning to knock him out. It was mentioned that Tobias got away as Mosin reports to Gravedigger that his men can't find him. Tobias makes his way to Nurse Michael Allen's house where he has killed his dad and spared his mom. He wants Nurse Allen to take him to where the metahumans in Markovia's custody are. Tobias later watches the news about Markovia's prime minister refusing to give restitution for Markovia's attack on Freeland as he plans to make his own return to Freeland.
In season four taking place one year later after the Markovian invasion, Tobias started becoming a philanthropist while gaining Val Seong and Red as his allies and the use of Agent Odell's A.I. Katie. While still planning to eliminate the Pierce family, he also had Mayor Billy Black killed for not going ahead with his suggestion to level Garfield High. During the promotion of the new DEGs, Tobias announces that he is starting a campaign to become the new Mayor of Freeland. After getting a device from Marshall Bates and combining it with Val's DNA sample, Tobias starts to negate every metahuman abilities in the device's range. In addition, he also works to get the Shadow Board on his side. Black Lightning has his final showdown with Tobias Whale which ends with Tobias accidentally falling out the window and getting impaled on a spike despite Black Lightning's attempt to save him.
Bill Henderson.
Inspector William "Bill" Henderson (portrayed by Damon Gupton) is a police detective and Jefferson's best friend who is oblivious to his alter ego as Black Lightning and hunts him due to believing he is an outlaw and vigilante. After exposing the dirty Deputy Chief Zeke Cayman, he is appointed to replace him.
In season two, Henderson eventually learns that Jefferson is Black Lightning, fracturing their relationship. He later informed Jefferson that Detective Summers was killed and to use Black Lightning to track down one of the people who is known for setting fires to cars. Also, Henderson learned that Jefferson was replaced as principal in light of the 100's attack on Garfield High. Once that was done, Henderson is informed by Black Lightning that the person was hired by Tobias Whale. This leads Henderson and his police officers to track down Tobias Whale at his sister's crypt where Henderson led in his arrest. Then Henderson informed Jefferson that they finally caught Tobias Whale and wanted him to be the first to know about it. While he does place Helga Jace in his custody after Lynn Stewart subdues her, he finds Jace not in her cell due to the bounty hunter Instant having taken her to the Markovians while having killed some police officers in the process. After Tobias Whale is defeated, Henderson is seen driving through the streets as Black Lightning and Thunder put an end to the 100-established riots.
In season three, Henderson is now the chief of police and is intimidated by Commander Carson Williams to do a press conference about the A.S.A.'s enforced curfew or else he will make things miserable for his family. Henderson had no choice but to agree to the terms. Unbeknownst to the A.S.A., Henderson started a secret resistance movement against the A.S.A. with the help of Blackbird. During the Markovian invasion of Freeland, Henderson is assisted in protecting the suspected metahumans by Lala and the remnants of the 100. Stumbling on some Markovian soldiers planning to ambush Black Lightning, Henderson shoots them and ends up in a mutual kill with the final Markovian soldier in the process. Before dying in Black Lightning's arms, Henderson advises him not to disappoint Freeland.
Peter Gambi.
Peter Gambi (portrayed by James Remar in normal form, Justin Livingston in cloaked form) is a tailor who is the main benefactor and surrogate father of Jefferson Pierce. He took him in after Alvin Pierce's death and is also shown to have some connection with Lady Eve. His real name is Peter Esposito and was a former member of the A.S.A. working under Martin Proctor until he turned against the organization and gave information to Alvin Pierce, resulting in his murder.
In season two, Gambi encounters Kara Fowdy who informs him that Proctor's briefcase is in Tobias Whale's possession. Gambi assists Anissa in obtaining money to save a clinic from being closed down and finds a badly-wounded Kara Fowdy. He tends to her injuries as he tries to get the info on where Tobias has the briefcase. When the clinic was nearly-bombed, Peter faces the female culprit until she gets away by hijacking a guy's motorcycle. Before Kara Fowdy dies, she gives her cell phone to Gambi with the information that he is looking for on it. Gambi is later ambushed during a drive and is presumed dead after being run off the road with his car exploding. He faked his death to find out who called the hit and later reunited with the Pierce family. Gambi later makes a special suit for Jennifer when she becomes Lightning.
In season three, Gambi helps Anissa out with her Blackbird operations where he event created the A.I. Shonda for her apartment. To get close to the A.S.A, Gambi uses the holographic cloaking technology to assume the appearance of a random soldier. He is erased during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" when a wave of anti-matter destroys the entire universe. Gambi is restored when his Earth is merged with Earth-1 and Earth-38 to form Earth-Prime. When Black Lightning and Lightning's experiences with alternate realities was brought up, Gambi has no memories of that and had found traces of anti-matter energy explaining that they are the only ones who remember. While planning to check the failsafe in the suit that the A.S.A. provided Jennifer, Gambi finds that Baron was led into his lair as he learns his connections with Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning. While treating Baron, Gambi later finds him on the floor after his abilities enabled him to find info on his computer on who tried to have Gambi killed as the picture he found shows Lady Eve. At the time when Black Lightning and Thunder had briefly abducted Odell, it was revealed that Gambi was previously trained by Odell during Gambi's time with the A.S.A. When Lynn has been taken to Markovia by Instant, Gambi is among those who plan to rescue her as Gambi had some business that he did there. Gambi and T.C. coordinated the rescue of Lynn once they arrived. Gambi later spoke to Dr. Jace stating that he should've disobeyed orders and killed her when they first met. After Gambi ripped out an eye of one of the twins that worked for her, Lady Eve met with Gambi at a tailor shop. She gives him the briefcase that was previously in Tobias' possession that Lala gave her. After TC unlocks the briefcase, Gambi reveals the information about the United States' collaboration on the metahuman project to Jefferson and Lynn which turned Tyson Sykes into Gravedigger. Gambi later plans to officiate the engagement of Anissa and Grace. During the Markovian invasion, Gambi and TC coordinate Black Lightning in rescuing Lightning and warning them that Odell set the Pit to self-destruct. Afterwards, Gambi and T.C. get into a shootout with Major Sara Grey and the A.S.A. soldiers with her which ends with Gambi and T.C. emerging victorious.
In season four, Gambi works with his old comrade Lauren Caruso on the new D.E.G.s while planning to improve the superhero costumes to withstand them. He even worked on a machine to restore Jennifer after she exploded. When Lynn used a special meta-booster on Gambi to find out Val Seong's metahuman abilities, the two of them alongside Jefferson and T.C. find that Val has power negating abilities. In addition, Gambi and Jefferson discover that Red is the one who has magnetic abilities when they view footage of him threatening Marshall Bates to get the device that Tobias Whale needs in 48 hours or else. Following the death of Tobias Whale, Gambi passes his torch to T.C. while planning to do some tinkering on the side.
Khalil Payne / Painkiller.
Khalil Payne (portrayed by Jordan Calloway) is a track star at Garfield High and Jennifer's ex-boyfriend. After a bullet from Syonide's gun paralyzes him from the waist down, he becomes involved with Tobias Whale where he undergoes an experimental treatment done by the A.S.A. involving a spinal implant that gives him enhanced abilities, becomes a cyborg in the process. Tobias Whale is the one who names Khalil's new form of Painkiller.
In light of Syonide's death in season two, Tobias has Painkiller do her duties as well where one of them resulted in the death of 100 member Rheon when collecting the protection money. After Tobias Whale rips out his spinal implant for being unable to kill Reverend Holt, Painkiller dies from his injuries in the hospital as Jennifer and Nichelle mourn his death. Though Khalil somehow appears alive in one of the pods in Agent Odell's possession.
In season three, Odell had a brain chip placed in Painkiller's head to make him obedient and uses him to kill his own mother with a poisonous touch that the A.S.A. placed in him after she was heard on a resistance transmission stating what Tobias Whale made the A.S.A. do to her son. After Lightning destroyed the Markovian facility that was just cleared out by Black Lightning and the A.S.A. commandos, Odell sends Painkiller to a house where some Markovians are hiding out and slays them. Painkiller is later assigned Black Lightning as a target. During the fight at Franklin Terrace, Painkiller engages Thunder and is knocked out of the window by him. Both Painkiller and Carson Williams were evacuated from the area. When it came to the A.S.A.'s mission to rescue Odell, Painkiller was knocked out by Lightning who was shocked to see him alive. TC later translated his technology to Jennifer stating that Painkiller still loves her. With help from TC and Gambi, Jennifer created a firewall to trap the Painkiller program enabling Khalil to regain control of his body. Due to what the A.S.A. did to his body, Khalil states to Jennifer that they can't be together. Jefferson arranged for Major Grey to remove Khalil from their system as part of the conditions for a collaboration to rescue Lynn. While reluctant to help in rescuing Lynn due to what the A.S.A. did to him, Khalil decided to help out. During the raid of the Markovian facility, Khalil faced off against Gravedigger and got overpowered. He managed to get out of the facility. After Painkiller briefly broke free from the firewall due to a glitch, Khalil fought him back and elected to keep his distance from Jennifer. When some Markovian soldiers attack, Painkiller breaks free and kills them. Then he traps Khalil behind the same firewall before resuming his mission to kill the Pierce family. When Painkiller tries to snipe Lightning, Khalil breaks free and ultimately defeats the Painkiller program. Then he confronts Odell in the backseat of his car. When Black Lightning advises Khalil not to kill Odell, he just shoots where his spleen and leaves him for Black Lightning as he walks off.
In season four, Khalil is now operating in Akashic Valley and helps to rescue Grace from the minions of Maya Odell. During this time, he did managed to make an agreement with Painkiller for him to take over if things get difficult while also developing the ability to alter his glands so that he can do both a poisonous touch and an antidotic touch. Maya's actions earned her the wrath of Painkiller who vows to find her. Upon supporting T.C.'s claim that Tobias Whale is behind Jefferson Pierce being accused of embezzlement, Khalil agrees to help him. He pays a visit to Jesse Gentilucci who gives him the location of the hidden ledger that would help him deal with Tobias Whale. After apprehending Looker, Khalil is intercepted by Ishmael where Painkiller kills him by getting his poison on the hilt of Ishmael's sword. Then Khalil hands Looker over to Detective Shakur and Kevin Mason while providing the rest of the anti-poison for Looker. Following the death of Tobias Whale, T.C. helps Khalil and Painkiller get rid of the kill code at the cost of Khalil's memories of the Pierce family.
Grace Choi / Wylde.
Grace Choi / Shay Li Wylde (portrayed by Chantal Thuy, Stella Smith in teenager form, Joseph Steven Yang in old man form) is a bartender who becomes Anissa's girlfriend. Later on after a night with Anissa, Grace starts developing spots on her body which she counters with some pills. When Anissa finds one of Grace's pills and she is nowhere to be found, Gambi learns that Grace was an alias used after being rescued from a prostitution ring by ICE
When she reunites with Anissa, Grace reveals her shapeshifting abilities where she can assume the form of a teenager, an old man, and a leopard. Anissa accepts Grace's metahuman status as they rekindle their love relationship. Gambi even helps to get Grace's powers under control. After killing an A.S.A soldier in her leopard form, Grace learns that Jefferson is Black Lightning due to maintaining the scents of people from her leopard form. After sparring with Anissa, Grace persuades her to let her help in rescuing Lynn from the Markovians. When the Markovians attack South Freeland, Grace helps Black Lightning and Thunder fight them. Then the two of them have their engagement party to get that out of the way before the Markovians begin their invasion. During the Markovian invasion of Freeland, Grace is mind-controlled by Gravedigger to fight Thunder causing Thunder to use her powers to knock out Grace. Lynn later states that Grace is in a coma where she is unsure when she'll wake up. Though she will need to be taken somewhere to receive full care.
The character was promoted to Series Regular in November 2020. In season four, Grace was still in a coma. She later comes out of it and officially marries Anissa.
Recurring characters.
This is a list of recurring actors and the characters they portrayed in multiple episodes, which were significant roles, sometimes across multiple seasons. The characters are listed by the season in which they first appeared.
Introduced in season one.
Kiesha Henderson.
Kiesha Henderson (portrayed by Kyanna Simone Simpson) is Henderson's daughter and Jennifer's best friend, who encourages Jennifer to challenge her perfect image.
Kara Fowdy.
Kara Fowdy (portrayed by Skye P. Marshall) is Garfield High's vice-principal. She is later revealed to be a spotter for the A.S.A. who reports on metahuman sightings at the school to them. After the A.S.A.'s rogue operation was exposed, Kara leaves the A.S.A. and plans to reclaim the briefcase that was stolen by Tobias Whale. During the heist, Kara got harpooned by Tobias and jumped out the window. She was later found by Gambi. Before dying in Gambi's arms at his hideout, she gives her phone to him that contains the information that he needs.
Latavius Johnson / Tattoo Man.
Latavius "Lala" Johnson (portrayed by William Catlett) is a member of the 100 and former student of Jefferson Pierce who is in charge of the Seahorse Motel that the 100 use as a front for their prostitution ring. When Jefferson became Black Lightning and rescued Anissa and Jennifer, Lala escapes and is brought to Tobias Whale by Syonide and Joey Toledo as Tobias wants him dead. After killing his cousin Will for drawing Black Lightning to him, Lala resumed the activity at the Seahorse Motel where he is defeated by Black Lightning and arrested by Inspector Henderson. When at the police station, Lala is killed by Tobias Whale for his repeated failures to dispose of Black Lightning after he and Syonide were snuck into the police station by Zeke Cayman. Lala is later resurrected by Lady Eve's magic dust and starts seeing Lawanda's ghost and Will's ghost where their tattoos appear on his body. In addition, he starts to demonstrate super-strength. After regaining control of Lala and mentioning the ghosts being a side effect of the reanimation project he was put through, Tobias uses him as a bomb mule in an attempt to kill Martin Proctor.
In season two, Lala is put together again through an unknown method by a man named Lazarus Prime. After recapping that he killed his friend Earl to keep the 100 from killing him, Lala sees Earl's ghost and gets his tattoo on him. He then plans to do some redemption by resuming his revenge plot on Tobias Whale. When he finally confronts Tobias after saving Black Lightning from Heatstroke and Cutter taking her leave, Tobias uses the phrase "E pluribus unum" which surfaces the tattoos of Lala's other victims enough to disable him in a painful way.
In season three, Lala later wakes up in a hotel near a briefcase as he works to reclaim the 100's territory. He now possesses the ability to not feel pain due to the ghosts of the people he killed that are now in him. During this time, he starts to develop a competition with a revived Lady Eve. In the next meeting, Lady Eve revealed to Lala that she created the programming used on him as she quotes "E pluribus unm" and another quote which made him obedient. He was able to give the briefcase that he planned to use to lure out Tobias to her. Black Lightning and Thunder try to recruit Lala and the remnants of the 100 to help fight the Markovians with no avail. After meeting with Lady Eve, Lala has Devonte torture Dr. Matthew Blair for information on where Tobias Whale is. Following a shootout with Major Sara Grey, Lady Eve has Destiny inform Lala that the A.S.A. plans to nuke Freeland if the Markovians can't be defeated, This causes Lala and the remnants of the 100 to join the fight where they assist Chief Henderson in shooting the Markovian soldiers.
In season four, Lala and the 100 are in a turf war with the Kobra Cartel. After Lydell Green accidentally killed Marcel Payton's son leading to Blackbird declaring a parking lot neutral territory for both sides and the homeless, Lala later killed Lydell which caused Lydell's tattoo to manifest on the back of Lala's right hand. Lala also has been streaming the illegal cage fight with viewers placing their bets on who would win the match. Lala later fights Ishmael who slays him and buries his body in cement. Lala's cement tomb was later given to Tobias Whale by Destiny. During the fight between Black Lightning and Tobias Whale, Lala's cement tomb was knocked down. This later revived Lala as he finds Tobias' dead body outside while noting that someone managed to do away with him.
Syonide.
Syonide (portrayed by Charlbi Dean) is Tobias Whale's henchwoman, hit person, and mob enforcer. As an infant, she was found in the dumpster with her umbilical cord wrapped around her. When she was eight years old, Tobias discovered her in an orphanage, where she was abused and malnourished. He took her in and trained her in the art of assassination while also having her put through a painful procedure that involved placing carbon fiber armor beneath her skin. Syonide is later killed in battle against Kara Fowdy.
Joey Toledo.
Joey Toledo (portrayed by Eric Mendenhall) is Tobias Whale's right-hand man and mob enforcer. He is killed by a disguised Gambi who made it look like that Lady Eve called the hit.
John Webb.
John Webb (portrayed by Tommy Kane) is a news reporter for WIXA 7 that reports on Freeland's activities.
Zeke Cayman.
Zeke Cayman (portrayed by Anthony Reynolds) is a corrupt deputy chief of the Freeland Police Department who has connections with the A.S.A and Tobias Whale. He is tasked by Kara with framing Jefferson for drug dealing, but is subsequently arrested by Henderson alongside those involved after Henderson got a confession from Detective Grunion.
Jeremiah Holt.
Jeremiah Holt (portrayed by Clifton Powell) is a reverend looking to challenge the 100. During a sermon, Holt collapses from a poisoned handkerchief that Cutter secretly placed on him. This enabled her to finish the job that Painkiller was unable to do. However, he was actually placed in a coma due to the "intervention of the Lord" and later leads his people in a prayer at the time of the 100-caused riots.
In season three, he was able to get a tour of the A.S.A.'s facility and later assists in Blackbird's metahuman version of the Underground Railroad. Henderson uses a claim of an illegal crime to apprehend Reverend Holt so that he can bring him and Two-Bits into his secret resistance movement.
Lady Eve.
Evelyn Stillwater-Ferguson (portrayed by Jill Scott) is the owner of a funeral parlor who connects Tobias Whale with the Shadow Board, a secret group of corrupt leaders that gave him leadership over the 100. She was also a former agent of the A.S.A. who had connections with Peter Gambi and Agent Odell. Lady Eve is later murdered by Tobias' men as part of a plan to frame Black Lightning and also avenging Joey Toledo when Peter Gambi left the blame of his death on Lady Eve's group.
It was later revealed in season two that she was an old friend of Lazarus Prime who taught him some of her tricks.
In season three, Baron later found her picture on Gambi's computer when trying to find out who tried to have Gambi killed. Lady Eve was shown to be revived offscreen and is the head of the Ultimate O business where she starts to develop some competition with Lala and the remnants of the 100. In the next meeting, Lady Eve revealed to Lala that she created the programming used on him as she quotes "E pluribus unm" and another quote which made him obedient. He was able to give the briefcase that he planned to use to lure out Tobias to her. After the eye of one her twin minions was ripped out by Gambi, Lady Eve meets with Gambi. She gives him the briefcase that Lala planned to use to lure out Tobias. Lady Eve later meets with Agent Odell about getting her spot on the Shadow Board back in exchange for information on where the briefcase is. In their discussion, Lady Eve mentioned to Odell that Lazarus Prime is still around. Then Lady Eve met with Lala about who he can ask about Tobias Whale's last known location. Lady Eve meets with Major Sara Grey informing her that the briefcase is with Peter Gambi. Grey states that her reinstatement in the Shadow Board will happen and plans to have her relocated to Gotham City. Figuring out that the A.S.A. will nuke Freeland if the Markovians can't be defeated, Lady Eve and her men get into a shootout with Major Grey and those with her. A wounded Lady Eve gets away and contacts Destiny to have Lala and the remnants of the 100 fight the Markovian invaders.
In season four, Ana Lopez does a broadcast about the gang war between the 100 and the Kobra Cartel where she claims that Lady Eve is heading it even though nobody has seen her since the Markovian invasion.
Nichelle Payne.
Nichelle Payne (portrayed by Yolanda T. Ross) is the mother of Khalil. Odell later controlled Painkiller into poisoning her. Then he covered it up to Lightning by claiming that the Markovians were responsible for Nichelle's death.
Frank "Two-Bits" Tanner.
Frank "Two-Bits" Tanner (portrayed by Jason Louder) is Jefferson's childhood friend who sells drugs and bootleg DVDs on the streets. He has since become an occasional informant for Black Lightning.
In season three, Two-Bits is shown to be against the A.S.A.'s activities in Freeland while operating a bar. Henderson uses a claim of an illegal crime to apprehend Two-Bits so that he can bring him and Reverend Holt into his secret resistance movement. During the Markovian invasion, Frank "Two-Bits" Tanner assists Henderson and the police in fighting the Markovian soldiers until they are assisted by Lala and the remnants of the 100.
Gina.
Gina (portrayed by Veronika Rowe) is the aunt of Lana. She and her sister visited Jefferson and Lynn for what Jennifer did to Lana.
In season three, Gina joins the resistance against the A.S.A.
Kyrie.
Kyrie (portrayed by Renell Gibbs) is a man who later joins the resistance against the A.S.A.
In season four, Kyrie is killed by Ishmael when trying to get information from him about Blackbird.
Martin Proctor.
Martin Proctor (portrayed by Gregg Henry) is a member of the A.S.A. who initially wants to kill Black Lightning, but changes his mind when he realizes that his DNA can be used to create metahuman soldiers. Peter Gambi is associated with him. During a confrontation at one of the warehouses storing the metahuman stasis pods, Martin is briefly attacked by Jennifer and shot by Gambi. Tobias Whale had his thumbs salvaged by an ally at the coroner's office to access the contents of his briefcase. It was revealed in Season Three during Issa's truth-extracting interrogation on Tobias Whale that Proctor worked for Odell.
Introduced in season two.
Percy Odell.
Percy Odell (portrayed by Bill Duke) is an A.S.A. agent from Gotham City investigating the "rogue operation" conducted by Martin Proctor who has connections with Lady Eve and was the one who trained Peter Gambi. He reluctantly allows Lynn to take over management of the Green Light victims. Though he starts to get suspicious of the Pierce family while planning to weaponize the Green Light victims. After confirming his suspicions and following Tobias Whale's defeat, Odell confronts the Pierce family to tell them that the pods have started to attract the attention of the Markovians as he would like Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning to help the A.S.A. when the Markovians bring their battle to Freeland.
In season three, Odell has Black Lightning and Lynn Stewart in his custody to evade the Markovians from claiming them. It was revealed during Issa's truth-extraction interrogation on Tobias Whale that Proctor worked for Odell who works for the President of the United States. While enabling Jefferson and Lynn to make contact with their children, he uses a brain chip to control Painkiller into poisoning his own mother. When Odell is shot during an A.S.A. shootout with Yuri Mosin and Instant, Major Sara Grey becomes the acting director of operations while Odell is recuperating. Odell later recovered and sent a video message to Jennifer to pick a side. Then he ordered Grey to weaponize the metahumans they have. When the anti-matter appeared in the sky, Odell's warning to Jennifer not to go outside came too late. In the aftermath of the Crisis that merged his Earth with Earth-1 and Earth-38 to form Earth-Prime, Odell continues to have the metahumans weaponized when Jennifer hasn't returned his calls. Sending an SUV with a holographic transmission to meet with Jennifer, he is told by Jennifer that she is done with him as the SUV drives off. Jefferson later arranges for his capture in a plan to fool the A.S.A. soldiers into withdrawing from Freeland. He is rescued by the A.S.A. operatives during Painkiller's fight with Black Lightning and leaves for Gotham City. He later returned and fulfilled the conditions that Jefferson gave in exchange for Lynn being rescued from Markovia. Though he mentions that the Markovians are at the borders again, Jefferson states that he'll only fight the Markovians for Freeland and not for the A.S.A. Odell later meets with Lady Eve who wants him to get her seat on the Shadow Board back in exchange for informing him where the briefcase is. In their discussion, Odell learns that Lazarus Prime is still around. During the Markovian invasion, Odell has Commander Williams remove every classified information and has Major Grey find the briefcase or destroy it. When Gravedigger gets into the Pit, he has his A.I. Katie set the Pit to self-destruct and uses the password "Rosebud." When he makes it to his car, he finds his driver dead and Khalil in the backseat. Black Lightning arrives and advises Khalil not to kill him. Khalil justs shoots him where his spleen is and leaves him for Black Lightning as he walks off. During Black Lightning's meeting with a congressional committee, Representative Nagar states that Odell will be prosecuted.
In season four, Odell is shown to be recuperating from the injury that Painkiller gave him. He is also shown to have a daughter named Maya who is operating in Akashic Valley. She calls Percy up to let him know about her minions' encounter with Painkiller.
Issa Williams.
Issa Williams (portrayed by Myles Truitt) is a Green Light metahuman whose glowing jugular causes anyone he sees to tell the truth. The Pierce family takes him in after his mother rejects him, but he leaves with some family members after learning that he has only months left to live.
In season three, Issa is in A.S.A. custody where it is claimed by Odell that the Markovians abducted him and the A.S.A. rescued him. It was revealed during Issa's truth-extraction interrogation on Tobias Whale that Proctor worked for Odell who works for the President of the United States. Once Issa served his purpose, Odell spiked his food with an unspecified poison.
Wendy Hernandez.
Wendy Hernandez (portrayed by Madison Bailey) is an aerokinetic metahuman previously obtained by the A.S.A. who is loosely based on Windfall. She is accidentally released from her stasis pod. Wendy suffers a psychotic break upon release and goes on a rampage, stopping only when Black Lightning shocks her. Afterwards, she chooses to go back into her pod until Lynn can find a cure. Though Lynn later works with her to master her abilities.
Perenna.
Perenna (portrayed by Erika Alexander) is a psychic metahuman and one of Gambi's former A.S.A. contacts who steps in to help Jennifer control her powers.
Helga Jace.
Dr. Helga Jace (portrayed by Jennifer Riker) is a convicted mad scientist from Markovia and old acquaintance of Tobias Whale who is roped into helping Lynn and the A.S.A. treat the metahumans. One notable illegal experiment that Dr. Jace did caused 10 people to lose their feet and one to die. To punish her, an implant is placed in her ankle that prevents Dr. Jace from leaving the designated area. After being re-incarcerated when some of the pod children die from the trial run of the treatment, she is sprung from her cell by Todd Greene where it was revealed that she made the anti-aging serum that Tobias took. Helga Jace then takes Tobias Whale to where the remaining pod children are. After being defeated by Lynn Stewart, Jace has some info for them to use. After giving them that info, Jace is taken away by Deputy Chief Henderson. While in police custody, she is taken by Instant who was hired by the Markovians to reclaim Jace.
In season three, Jace was seen with Yuri Mosin's Markovian army. After Instant leaves upon Mosin wiring the money to his account, Jace states that Lynn has found a way to stabilize the meta-gene as they will obtain the information so that they can stabilize the metahumans on the Markovians' side. Brandon mentioned to Jennifer that he came to Freeland to look for Jace who is responsible for killing his mother. When Lynn is brought to Markovia, Jace works to gain Lynn's trust. This results in a cat fight that is broken up by Mosin. While getting some medicing to deal with Lynn's Green Light withdrawal, Jace states to Mosin that she has won Lynn's trust. Gravedigger later appears to take over the operation from Mosin where it was revealed that he had the same serum that Jace made for Tobias Whale. When Black Lightning raids the facility, Brandon finally encountered Jace and started to create an earthquake only for Grayle to knock him out and have both of them evacuated. Gambi was revealed to have originally assisted in evacuating Dr. Jace from Markovia and stated that he should've disobeyed orders and did away with her. Jennifer brought Brandon to Dr. Jace to get information on her mother whose ashes he kept in crystallized form. She stated that she was killed by his father who also had earth-based forms. Brandon throws the crystallized ash into Dr. Jace's left shoulder and leaves with Jennifer. Brandon later held Dr. Jace in his apartment so that she can tell him all about his father. While Brandon is assisting Black Lightning in rescuing Lightning from the Markovians, Commander Williams breaks into Brandon's apartment and kills Dr. Jace as a way to remove classified information.
Mike Lowry.
Mike Lowry (portrayed by P. J. Byrne) is a man who becomes the new principal at Garfield High with the aim of reversing what he sees as Jefferson's ineffective policies on school safety. He starts his "Zero Tolerance" policy on Sekou Hamilton and another student that were fighting where Sekou was expelled for throwing the first punch and the other student was suspended much to the dismay of Jefferson. Lowry's later argument with Jennifer about Khalil's mural goes viral as Jefferson persuades Dr. Frank to give Lowry a second chance to implement his plan.
In season three, the A.S.A. arrange for Lowry to give Jefferson's class to Mrs. Wellen and promote him to guidance counselor. When Tavon Singley is taken from a class for being a suspected metahuman, Lowry objects to this and is knocked down by Major Sara Grey.
Giselle Cutter.
Giselle Cutter (portrayed by Kearran Giovanni) is a British mercenary with poison-tipped blades who is hired by Tobias Whale to bring Painkiller to him alive. Gambi claims that Cutter is rumored to have a telekinetic ability. During the riots caused by the 100, Cutter sees that Tobias is starting to lose it and takes her leave.
Todd Green.
Todd Green (portrayed by RJ Cyler) – A man who loses his research grant to a white wards board and is swayed to Tobias Whale's side by wiring $100,000.00 to Todd's account. After cracking the code in the briefcase, Todd and Tobias discovered that the A.S.A. was developing metahumans for Project Masters of Disaster. In addition, he orchestrates the secret jailbreak of Helga Jace. Tobias Whale later has Cutter use a car bomb on Todd Green when he served his purpose. His glasses were salvaged by the police as Henderson has it placed in evidence.
Introduced in season three.
Jamillah Olson.
Jamillah Olson (portrayed by Adetinpo Thomas) is a reporter for Clap Back that broadcasts on the A.S.A.'s occupation of Freeland. After Truthteller Johnson was fished out of the river, Henderson recruits her to be the new voice of the resistance against the A.S.A. During the Markovian invasion of Freeland, Jamillah was shot by a Markovian soldier while broadcasting about the attack.
Shonda.
Shonda (voiced by Sh'Kia Augustin) is the AI in Anissa's apartment who was created by Gambi.
Devonte Jones.
Devonte Jones (portrayed by Rafael Castillo) – A man who was briefly in A.S.A. custody for being a suspected metahuman. After he was released, he sided with Lala and helped to investigate the Ultimate O business run by Lady Eve. Devonte later assisted Lala in torturing Dr. Matthew Blair on where Tobias Whale is by beating him up. Devonte later assists Lala and the remnants of the 100 in fighting the Markovian soldiers.
Yuri Mosin.
Yuri Mosin (portrayed by Thomas K. Belgry) is a Markovian colonel and old enemy of Agent Odell that leads the attack on Freeland. He and Instant later sneak into Freeland to steal some A.S.A. information. Due to an ambush led by Agent Odell, Yuri Mosin and Instant started a shootout which led to Odell getting wounded. Before Mosin can finish off Odell, Black Lightning shows up causing Instant to teleport Mosin away. At the Markovians' base, Mosin was not pleased that Instant didn't let him finish off Odell or Black Lightning. Instant reminds him that he hired him to get him into Freeland. After Instant leaves upon Mosin wiring the money to his account, Jace states that Lynn has found a way to stabilize the meta-gene as they will obtain the information so that they can stabilize the metahumans on the Markovians' side. Gravedigger later appeared at the facility where he had received orders from his superiors to take over the operation from Mosin. Using a 20-minute Green Light that has Gravedigger's DNA in it, she mind-controlled Mosin to stand still and placed the shock device on her neck onto his neck. Once she had gotten to a safer distance with Lightning, Lynn had Mosin shock himself until he passes out. When Mosin states to Gravedigger that his men can't find Tobias, Gravedigger thanks him for his services to Markovia and uses his upgraded powers to kill him.
Brandon Marshall.
Brandon Marshall (portrayed by Jahking Guillory) is a new student at Garfield High. At the time when A.S.A. soldiers were giving a beat-down to Jefferson Pierce, Jennifer discovers that he is a metahuman who can manipulate the properties of earth as seen when he makes Jennifer some diamonds from some coal as well as negating electrical attacks. Brandon revealed to Jennifer that he came to Markovia to look for Helga Jace who was responsible for killing his mother. Because his mother died when he was young, Brandon had been in different foster homes. After an earthquake-triggering seizure that Jennifer treated, Brandon and Jennifer are captured by Sergeant Grayle and Specialist Travis. Both of them managed to escape partially due to a combination of Jennifer overloading the inhibitor collars and Sergeant Grayle knocking out Specialist Travis. Brandon later meets Jefferson when Jennifer informs him on how Odell used her. Jennifer later persuades her father to let him assist in rescuing Lynn partially by revealing his abilities and partially because he is looking for Helga Jace. When it came to rescuing Lynn from the Markovians, Brandon used his earthquake when he finally encounters Jace only to be knocked out by Sergeant Grayle who evacuated both of them. Jennifer brought Brandon to Dr. Jace to get information on her mother whose ashes he kept in crystallized form. She stated that she was killed by his father who also had earth-based forms. Brandon throws the crystallized ash into Dr. Jace's left shoulder and leaves with Jennifer. He asks TC to help look for information on his father only for Khalil to suffer a glitch that briefly frees the Painkiller program. Brandon later held Dr. Jace at his apartment so that she can tell him all about his father. When Lightning gets captured, Brandon helps Black Lightning to rescue her. He and Lightning briefly fight Gravedigger in the Pit, after which the two of them kiss.
Sara Grey.
Sara Grey (portrayed by Katy O'Brian) is an A.S.A. commando under the rank of major who works with Agent Odell to enforce the curfew in Freeland and obtain any suspected metahumans. She was among the commandos rescued from the Markovians by Black Lightning. When Odell was wounded in an A.S.A. shootout with Yuri Mosin and Instant, Sara Grey becomes the acting director of operations. After recuperating from Black Lightning's attack, Sara Grey worked on weaponizing the metahumans that the A.S.A. has. To bring Jennifer to Odell, she pairs Sergeant Grayle up with Specialist Travis. When Black Lightning intercepted Odell's convoy, Sara Grey sends Painkiller and some A.S.A. commandos to rescue him. After Lynn was taken to Markovia by Instant, Sara Grey and Black Lightning have a parley where they agree that Lynn must be rescued. As a contingency, Grey has Dr. Blair put a kill Lynn contingency in Erica Moran's chip in the event that Lynn is beyond rescuing. She also meets Peter Gambi who she researched about. While she was not pleased that Tobias got away, Grey is dismissed by Odell. During the Markovian invasion of Freeland, Sara Grey was instructed by Odell to find the briefcase or destroy it. After a meeting with Lady Eve which resulted in a shootout, Major Grey and her soldiers attacked Gambi's tailor shop. While most of her men were killed by Gambi, she was killed by T.C.
Michael Allen.
Michael Allen (portrayed by Euseph Messiah) is an A.S.A. nurse who assists Lynn with working on Tobias Whale. He is later revealed to be a double agent working for the Markovians upon Lynn's capture. When in Markovia, Allen continues to extract some bone marrow samples from Tobias. Tobias later visits Michael's house where he killed Michael's father and spared his mother. He wants Michael to take him to where the metahumans in the Markovians' possession are.
Gardner Grayle.
Gardner Grayle (portrayed by Boone Platt) is an A.S.A. commando under the rank of sergeant. He assisted Sara Grey in pulling suspected metahumans out of houses. When the Pit was going under lockdown, Grayle allowed Lynn to get buy him. Grey paired Grayle up with Specialist Travis to bring Jennifer to Odell. During this time, he noticed that Specialist Travis has a chip in his neck. As Jennifer engaged Specialist Travis, Grayle knocked him out enabling Jennifer and Brandon to get away. After helping Lynn sneak Tobias Whale out of the Pit, they get tasered by a Markovian operative. With Lynn in the Markovians' clutches, Grayle informs Jefferson about it as Jefferson has him arrange a parley with Major Grey. When it comes to their invasion of the Markovian facility, Grayle informed Jefferson that Major Grey had Erica Moran chipped only for TC to state that he deactivated the chip when he got suspicious of it. Upon Brandon finding Jace and starting to cause an earthquake, Grayle knocked him out and had both of them evacuated. During the Markovian invasion of Freeland, Grayle and Erica assist in the evacuation of the suspected metahumans. When they and the rebels try to fight Gravedigger, he just mind-controls them to sleep.
Erica Moran.
Erica Moran (portrayed by Gabriella Garcia) is a kinetic energy-absorbing metahuman in the A.S.A.'s custody who is a genderbent version of the DC Comics character Freight Train. In Lynn's dream sequence, she explodes before she can release the absorbed energy. Erica starts to improve her abilities with Lynn's help. When Lynn has been abducted by the Markovians, Erica was chipped by the A.S.A. to assist in the upcoming raid on Markovia. Major Grey has Dr. Blair place a kill Lynn contingency in Erica's chip in the event that Lynn can't be saved. Though that chip was secretly deactivated by TC when he got close to Erica. He revealed that information to Jefferon Pierce and Gardner Grayle. When it came to the raid on the Markovian facility, Thunder had to strike Erica until she had enough kinetic energy to knock down a strong door. After the mission was done, it was mentioned by Odell to Jefferson that Erica has been returned to her family. Prior to attending Anissa and Grace's engagement party, Erica does managed to kiss TC before the Markovians can begin their invasion of Freeland. During the Markovian invasion on Freeland, Erica assists Grayle in the evacuation of the suspected metahumans. When they and the rebels tried to fight Gravedigger, he mind-controls them to sleep.
Matthew Blair.
Dr. Matthew Blair (portrayed by Brandon Hirsch) is a young scientist who assists Lynn in her work with the metahumans in A.S.A. custody. After Lynn flees, Dr. Blair is left to work on the vaccine where he has only been able to reach 60%. Major Grey later has Dr. Blair place a kill Lynn contingency in Erica's chip in the event that Lynn can't be saved. Dr. Blair was later abducted by Lala and tortured by Devonte on where Tobias Whale is which he has no knowledge of.
T.C. / Baron.
T.C. (portrayed by Christopher Ammanuel) is a pod metahuman with technopathic abilities. Due to him hearing a lot of current technology speaking after being freed, Baron took residence at an old radio station where he met Peter Gambi and assisted him and Thunder in getting Jamillah's message to outside of Freeland. Baron later found himself at Gambi's tailor shop where he found Gambi's secret room and his connections with Black Lightning, Thunder, and Lightning. When Baron goes onto Gambi's computers to find information on who tried to have Gambi killed, he has a brief collapse as the image on the monitor shows a picture of Lady Eve. He later meets Jefferson and translates Painkiller's technology. With help from Gambi and Jennifer, TC created a firewall to trap the Painkiller programming enabling Khalil to regain control of his body. Upon getting suspicious of what has been placed on Erica, TC deactivated the chip that contained the programmed contingency plan which he later revealed to Black Lightning and Gardner Grayle. After checking to see if Painkiller is still behind the firewall, TC was approached by Brandon to look up information on his father only for Khalil to suffer a glitch that briefly freed Painkiller. Following the incident, TC helps Gambi open the briefcase that Lady Eve gave him after she got it from Lala. Prior to the Markovians' invasion of Freeland, TC manages to get a kiss from Erica. During the Markovian invasion, he helped Gambi coordinate Black Lightning in rescuing Lightning and warning them that the Pit was set to self-destruct.
In season four, T.C. helps Jefferson track down Lydell Green after he accidentally shot Marcel Payton's son during the 100's shootout with the Kobra Cartel. T.C. also helps to analyze the DEG, track down Terry Andrews for Lightning, and advises Lightning to take caution with what she posts on social media. After Lightning exploded, T.C. and Gambi work on a machine to put her back together. While helping Jennifer to adjust to her new body, T.C. is among those that find out that Val Seong has power-negating abilities when Lynn tests a meta-booster with Val's DNA in it on Gambi. During a transmission with Khalil and Philky, T.C. works on helping to subdue Painkiller while mentioning his suspicion that Tobias Whale framed Jefferson for embezzlement. Following the death of Tobias Whale, T.C. helps Khalil and Painkiller get rid of the kill code at the cost of Khalil's memories of the Pierce family. Gambi later passes his torch to T.C.
Destiny.
Destiny (portrayed by Teesha Renee) is a worker at the Ultimate O who works for Lady Eve.
In season four, Destiny becomes the underboss for the Kobra Cartel. Following the death of Mayor Billy Black, Destiny contacts Lala for a truce stating that the police will come after the Kobra Cartel once they are done with the 100. After witnessing Lala revive upon being shot and the arrest of the 100 members present, Destiny calls up someone stating that they need to find an assassin who specializes in metahumans. This leads to her calling in Ishmael who successfully stabs Lala and traps his body in cement casket. Destiny displayed it in her hideout as she learns that Ishmael is planning to kill 100 metahumans in order to get into the League of Assassins. As Ishmael already killed 94 metahumans, Destiny contracts him to kill Black Lightning and his allies.
Gravedigger / Tyson Sykes.
Tyson Sykes (portrayed by Wayne Brady) is a World War II soldier who became a subject to a metahuman project collaboration between the United States and Markovia in exchange for not being court martialed for beating up some soldiers that used racist remarks on him. Tyson was the only survivor of this project. While he possesses super-strength, super-speed, and mind-control, Gravedigger maintained his age due to the same serum that Helga Jace used on Tobias Whale. He used his talents when fighting Nazi soldiers. Afrer the war, Gravedigger sided with Markovia, assisted in a coup d'état, and became one of the Markovian's few stable metahumans who plans to make an independent metahuman nation in Markovia. Gravedigger even considered Martin Luther King Jr. a coward and claimed that the rich white people helped to get Barack Obama elected. Years later, Gravedigger was sent by his superiors to take over the operation from Mosin where he used his mind-control to get Lynn Stewart to work on the metahuman stabilization faster. In one instance, Lynn had to ask for his DNA sample which she secretly used for her 20-minute Green Light. When Black Lightning and his allies raided the Markovian facility to rescue Lynn, Tobias, and Jace, Gravedigger overpowered Khalil and used his laser gun to knock out Black Lightning. Then he used his mental abilities to stop the group from evacuating. Lynn started to surrender to Gravedigger due to him being immune to other mind-control attacks only for Black Lightning to catch up to them and shock Gravedigger into submission. A Markovian scientist later injected Gravedigger with the meta-boost formula that Lynn left behind. When Mosin comes in stating that his men can't find Tobias, Gravedigger states to Mosin that Markovia thanks him for his services and uses his upgraded powers to kill Mosin. After researching those who rescued Lynn, Gravedigger leads the invasion on Freeland. Lynn found that Jefferson's DNA and Gravedigger's DNA are a match meaning that they are related. Lightning takes out the ones who were with Gravedigger before fighting Gravedigger. He resists the electrical attacks and throws Lightning against the perimeter enough to take it down. Black Lightning resuscitates Lightning just as Gravedigger catches up to them. Black Lightning begins to fight him. He did use a microwave ability on Black Lightning before he made a tactical retreat when the Markovian soldiers made off with Lightning. Lightning even tried to reason with him. During Gravedigger's raid on the Pit, he mind-controlled those on the outside to sleep, mind-controlled Grace into attacking Thunder, and knocked down Lightning and Brandon. Gravedigger fought Black Lightning again. After being hit by the anti-boost serum shot by Lynn, Black Lightning defeated Gravedigger. Using a cloaking technology upon surviving the Pit's self-destruct sequence, Gravedigger watched Black Lightning's meeting with a congressional committee that exposed the A.S.A.'s experiments as well as Markovia's own experiments. Upon leaving the building, Gravedigger sheds his disguise and walks off with satisfaction that the racist cover-up which fueled his anger has been exposed.
Introduced in season four.
Lauren Caruso.
Lauren Caruso (portrayed by Elena Varela) is an employee at Monovista International and the ex-girlfriend of Gambi. During Gambi's early work with the A.S.A., Lauren turned down his offer to join with them. After meeting up with Gambi years later, Lauren and the rest of Monovista Internation start to work on the DEGs.
Hassan Shakur.
Hassan Shakur (portrayed by Wallace Smith) is a detective in the Freeland Police Department that works close with Chief Lopez and had an earlier encounter with Black Lightning in his youth. Following the death of Mayor Billy Black, Lopez makes a reluctant Shakur the head of the Meta Task Force where he leads the arrest of the 100 members that were with Lala. Shakur was later present with the Meta Task Force when Lightning defeated Lopez.
Ana Lopez.
Ana Lopez (portrayed by Melissa De Sousa) is a woman who is sworn in as the new chief of police of the Freeland Police Department. Following the death of Mayor Billy Black, Lopez starts the Meta Task Force while appointing Hassan Shakur as its leader. Consumed by her desires to defeat Lightning, Lopez uses the meta-booster that Tobias Whale gave her to gain electrokinesis where she starts to drain Freeland's power grid. She is defeated by Lightning.
Dr. Bowlan.
Dr. Bowlan (portrayed by Bethann Hardison) is a therapist that Jefferson and Lynn see.
Red.
Red (portrayed by Matt Roszak) is a man with magnetic abilities who becomes Tobias Whale's latest minion. He was the one who killed Mayor Billy Black with his special bullet that was later found by Hassan. Tobias later dispatched Red to find out from Marshall Bates on why a specific item has been delayed. Upon being informed that the device still needs to be fully tested, Red informs Bates to have that test finished up and en route to Tobias in 48 hours or else one of his bullets will go into his head. Red was unaware that the footage of the discussion was being watched by Jefferson and Gambi.
Val Seong.
Val Seong (portrayed by Helen Joo Lee) is Tobias Whale's lawyer who has ALS and a meta-gene that grants her power-negating abilities.
Dr. Darius Morgan.
Dr. Darius Morgan (portrayed by Todd Anthony) is a doctor that becomes Anissa's co-worker. He is also revealed to be an ordained minister where he weds Anissa and Grace. When Anissa later goes to his apartment to learn the information about the metahuman cure from him, she finds Darius dead in his apartment.
Marshall Bates.
Marshall Bates (portrayed by Paden Fallis) is an executive at Monovista International.
Ishmael.
Ishmael (portrayed by Rico Ball) is an assassin who is hired by Destiny to deal with Lala. After killing him and trapping his body in a cement casket, Ishmael states to Destiny that he is planning to kill 100 metahumans in order to get into the League of Assassins. As he had already killed 94 metahumans, Ishmael is further contracted by Destiny to go after Black Lightning and his allies. Though Tobias later pays him more money while intimidating Destinee to end the Kobra Cartel's gang war with the 100. After finding out what Painkiller did to Jesse Gentilucci, Tobias Whale sends Ishmael to take out Painkiller and Looker. Painkiller manages to kill Ishmael by getting his poison onto the hilt of Ishmael's sword.
Kevin Mason.
Kevin Mason (portrayed by Jamal Akakpo) is a special agent for the FBI who investigates Jefferson for embezzlement. After having Lynn's work confiscated, Mason later arrests Lynn for violation of civil rights. It was discovered that Mason was being controlled by Looker after the information was found with her involvement with Tobias was discovered. With help from Detective Shakur, Jefferson slipped a chemical that Lynn made into the coffees for the interrogation which caused the silver liquid to be ejected from Mason. Jefferson then exposed Looker's control on him to Mason.
Guest stars.
Introduced in season one.
Roland S. Martin and Nina Turner appeared as themselves in the pilot. Journalist Amanda Davis has a posthumous cameo appearance in two episodes.
Introduced in season two.
Benjamin Crump and Angela Rye appears as themselves in the season two premiere talking about the Green Light incident.
Introduced in season four.
Fantastic Negrito cameos as a hologram version of himself in Philky's bar.

</doc>
<doc id="56873973" url="?curid=56873973" title="New Zealand batfly">
New Zealand batfly


</doc>
<doc id="56873987" url="?curid=56873987" title="Myat Hpone Pyo">
Myat Hpone Pyo

Myat Hpone Pyo (, ; also spelled မြတ်ဖုန်းဖြိုး, ) was the chief wife of Gov. Thado Minsaw of Tharrawaddy. She was the mother of King Bayin Htwe of Prome (r. 1526–1532), and paternal grandmother of kings Narapati of Prome (r. 1532–1539) and Minkhaung of Prome (r. 1539–1542).
Brief.
Myat Hpone Pyo (or Myat Hpone Hpyo) was the youngest child of Princess Saw Min Phyu and Saw Shwe Khet, who was governor of Prome (r. 1417–1422; 1442–1446) and Tharrawaddy (r. 1422–1427; 1446–1460). The princess was a granddaughter of the famous crown prince Minye Kyawswa of Ava, and a great granddaughter of King Minkhaung I of Ava from her mother's side, and a descendant of King Kyawswa of Pagan from both sides. She had two full siblings: Gov. Minye Kyawswa I of Kalay and Saw Myat Lay; and three half-siblings.
Though the royal chronicles do not state her place of birth, Myat Hpone Pyo was most probably born and raised in Prome where her father was governor between 1442 and 1446, and raised in Tharrawaddy, the southernmost district of Prome to which her father was reassigned, from 1446 onwards to 1460. The princess remained in Tharrawaddy as she was married off to the incoming governor, Thado Minsaw, the youngest son of then King Narapati I of Ava. She had six children with Thado Minsaw, and died in Tharrawaddy.
Family.
Myat Hpone Pyo and Thado Minsaw had three sons and three daughters, according to the chronicle "Yazawin Thit".
Ancestry.
The following is the princess's ancestry according to the royal chronicles.

</doc>
<doc id="56873997" url="?curid=56873997" title="List of Road FC notable fighters">
List of Road FC notable fighters


</doc>
<doc id="56874001" url="?curid=56874001" title="Taichang si">
Taichang si


</doc>
<doc id="56874002" url="?curid=56874002" title="Tai Chang Si">
Tai Chang Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874003" url="?curid=56874003" title="Lasha of Georgia">
Lasha of Georgia


</doc>
<doc id="56874004" url="?curid=56874004" title="T'ai-ch'ang ssu">
T'ai-ch'ang ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56874006" url="?curid=56874006" title="Thái thường tự">
Thái thường tự


</doc>
<doc id="56874007" url="?curid=56874007" title="A Very Very Very Dark Matter">
A Very Very Very Dark Matter

A Very Very Very Dark Matter is a 2018 play by Martin McDonagh.
The play is set in the Copenhagen townhouse of Hans Christian Andersen. Andersen is a teller of exquisite and fantastic children's tales beloved by millions. But the true source of his stories dwells in his attic upstairs, her existence a dark secret kept from the outside world.
Notable productions.
It premiered at the Bridge Theatre in London from 19 October (previews from 12 October) to 6 January 2019. The production starred:
It was directed by Matthew Dunster, designed by Anna Fleischle with lighting by Phillip Gladwell, sound by George Dennis and video by Finn Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="56874012" url="?curid=56874012" title="Giorgio Cecchetti">
Giorgio Cecchetti

Giorgio Cecchetti (born 11 September 1944) is a Sammarinese alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874013" url="?curid=56874013" title="Acrosorium polyneurum">
Acrosorium polyneurum

Acrosorium polyneurum is a species of red algae first described by Okamura. It grows in intertidal and shallow subtidal waters in Japan where it is grazed by the sea urchin "Hemicentrotus pulcherrimus".

</doc>
<doc id="56874016" url="?curid=56874016" title="Trovi">
Trovi


</doc>
<doc id="56874023" url="?curid=56874023" title="Yehudit Harari">
Yehudit Harari

Yehudit Harari (née Eisenberg; October 4, 1885 – June 7, 1979) (Hebrew: יהודית הררי לבית אייזנברג) was an educator, teacher, kindergarten teacher, and writer, one of the founders of Tel Aviv. She was one of the founders of the "Hebrew Stage Enthusiasts Association" and a member of the Habimah Theater council, winner of the honorary prize for education of the Tel Aviv Municipality in 1965.
Biography.
Early life.
Yehudit Harari was born in Pinsk, Belarus, in 1885. Her parents, Bilha-Esther (née Meshel) (d. 1936) and (1863-1931), where "Halutzim" (Hebrew: ) members of the First Aliya, who immigrated to the Land of Israel in 1886 when she was a toddler. They lived in Jaffa for the first year, while her father specialized in agriculture in Rishon LeZion. When they bought their land in Wadi-Chanin (Ness Ziona), they first lived in a tent among the Bedouins, then in a cellar in 's orchard until the completion of the construction of the house in Wadi-Chanin.
In the cellar of the Eisenberg family came many guests, among them "Bilu'im", "Hovevei Zion" (aka Hibbat Zion), activists and guests from the Diaspora. In one of the meetings in the basement, Aharon Eisenberg, one of the first pioneers of Hovevei Zion, learned that between the moshava and Wadi-Chanin, a plot of the land "Duran" (Hebrew: חירבת דוראן), which belonged to the family in Jaffa, was for sale. Eisenberg turned to his friend Yehoshua Hankin and they both organized the purchase of the land. That same year, the company (Hebrew: "מנוחה ונחלה") was founded in Warsaw, which purchased the lands and thus established the new moshava of Rehovot. In 1890 Aharon Eisenberg began to manage the planting work of "Menucha and Nachla", and the family moved to the moshava and was one of its founders.
The Eisenberg House, which was one of the first houses in Rehovot and which was called "The Eisenberg Hotel", served for many years as a center for all the actions related to the establishment and development of the moshava.
Bilha and Aharon gave their daughters and sons, seven in number, the same education and taught them to Torah and work. All of them received academic education and integrated into the building of the homeland in various fields. Yehudit completed an elementary school in Rehovot and completed her high school studies with the help of private teachers (Israel Belkind, , Israel Aharoni and Yitzhak Cohen), due to the lack of high schools in the Land of Israel.
In her childhood, she grew up in the countryside "between the vines and almonds, among the olive trees, the carob trees, the citrus trees and the eucalyptus trees, among the shepherds and the vineyard workers". As she described her childhood experiences, "In horseback riding she is the first in the village, on trees she climbs like a cat, in swimming at the pool no one can compete with her, milking cows she knows, she harvests, and at night she rides a camel to Rishon LeZion to carry the grapes to the winery. The boys list willingly to her singing in the vineyards, urging her to dance like a Bedouin with a drawn sword around the bonfire". Life in the young colony of Rehovot was vibrant and full of interest. "On the hill of love, the young people were gather in the evenings, light a bonfire, sing and discuss the future of the Yishuv and Hebrew work".
Marriage and family life.
When she was 13 she met her future husband, Haim Harari (Bloomberg), a student of Mikveh Israel, a boy who came to Palestine alone to study agriculture. After graduating in 1901 he returned to Russia, and she promised that she would wait for him until he returned. For six years they constantly corresponded, to her parents' dismay, who feared for their daughter's good reputation. She documented the correspondence in great detail in her book "Between the Vineyards". The young couple suffered many hardships during those years, each separately, but their love did not subside.
After six years, he returned to Eretz Yisrael to serve as a teacher at the Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium. A year later, in 1907, they married. Yehudit, who was working as a teacher and kindergarten teacher at the in Jerusalem, left her job and moved to live with her young husband in Jaffa. Haim Harari, a teacher, and educator himself taught at the Herzliya Gymnasium until his death in 1940. He advocated for the concept of gender equality. Because of his reservations about the dual standard of sexual purity before marriage, which encouraged men to sexual experiences and prohibited this entirely among women, he committed himself to sexual purity before his marriage. Their relationship can be seen in the pursuit of equality, but also in the latent sense that the birthright is given to the husband's desires. After a year of marriage, in July 1908 their only son, Yizhar Harari, was born.
Yehudit and Haim Harari initiated and organized the "Hebrew Stage Enthusiasts", drama groups of actors and amateur actresses who staged plays at a time when there were no Hebrew theaters in Israel. He was an actor and director, and she participated in acting and played major roles in many plays that were produced. Among other things, she played in the play Mirele Efros by Yaakov Gordin. The veterans of Tel Aviv said that the Harari's successful performances were known from a distance and attracted not only the residents of Tel Aviv and Jaffa, but also the residents of the moshavot After the establishment of the National Habima Theatre Yehudit served as a member of the Theater Council.
In 1907 they were among the families of Jaffa residents who founded the first Hebrew city and participated in the land lottery of the and were among the 66 founding families of Tel Aviv. They drew a plot on , but because of their desire to live near the Gymnasium, they pressed the Ahuzat Bayit committee to give them the plot on that had previously been promised to . The pressure bore fruit and the Harari family received the plot they requested.
Teacher and educator in Israel.
A young kindergarten teacher.
From her youth, she directed herself to teaching. When she was 16, after a two-year course at the first Hebrew kindergarten founded in Rishon LeZion by , she founded the second Hebrew kindergarten in Rehovot. When she was 17, the director of the Evelina de Rothschild , , invited her to work as a kindergarten teacher and Hebrew teacher at the school, where she also studied teaching at the English Hebrew Teacher Training Seminar. Her work there, despite her youth, had a great influence on the school's management, among other things by increasing Hebrew studies among the students, removing English from the kindergarten and the lower grades, and instilling Jewish-national consciousness by establishing a Hebrew library in the school, which until then included only holy and prayer books
Teaching and Continuing Education.
Following her marriage to Haim Harari, she moved to Jaffa and taught at Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium until the birth of her son Yizhar in 1908. , a teaching fellow of those years, said that "there were always boys and girls who had a special affection for the experienced teacher and obeyed her instructions" In 1910 she returned to teach at the Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium until 1913 when Yehudit and Haim Harari went to study in Paris on behalf of the Gymnasium.
At the University of Paris (Sorbonne), she studied general and French literature, psychology, pedagogy, history and natural sciences. After one year of study, the First World War broke out, and the couple moved to Geneva and continued their studies there. During her studies, she worked for two years in research work at the Psychological Laboratory, under the direction of psychologist Prof. Edward Clafred. At the same time, she studied the Montessori method and specialized in special education according to Dr. Decruly's method. In 1919 she completed her studies at the Jean-Jacques Rousseau Institute (aka Academy of Geneva), and received a diploma.
Founder, director and public activist.
After the couple returned to Israel, she was sent to teach at the . At the same time, she ran the "Baby House" of the seminary and the exemplary school in Neve Tzedek which she founded. There she introduced the teaching methods of Montessori and Decruly, inserted new furniture and modern methods, which were later introduced in all the Hebrew schools in Israel
Due to a large number of students, the school was moved to Geula Street and since then it has been called Geula. With the establishment of the new school building on Balfour Street in Tel Aviv, the school moved to its final residence and since then it has been called the Balfour School, which she ran until 1955. She was later appointed principal of the model school next to the .
In addition to her involvement in the city's educational life, as a member of the Kindergarten Teacher Center, the Teachers' Union and the Board of Directors, she also contributed to the cultural and social life that was conducted there. She claimed that she preferred to focus on educational work and refused to be elected as a woman's representative for municipal and government institutions. In 1958, when she was 50, she retired. According to her, she devoted herself to literary work, but in practice she continued to work on a voluntary basis in the management of the Education Archives and in the management of a special needs "Scholarship Program for Children with Disabilities".
In 1965 she was awarded an honorary prize in the framework of the Tel Aviv Municipality's Prize for Education for her service in nurturing elementary Hebrew education in Israel, for integrating new methods in education and teaching, and for establishing new educational institutions.
She died on June 7, 1979, at the age of 94. She was buried, along her husband Haim Harari, in the Trumpeldor Cemetery in Tel Aviv.
Family.
Her son was Yizhar Harari, a Zionist activist, Israeli politician and a Knesset member, best known as initiator of the Harari Decision (aka "Harari Proposal") of 13 June 1950, a landmark in Israeli constitutional law. Her grandson is distinguished physicist Prof. Haim Harari, President, from 1988 to 2001, of the Weizmann Institute of Science. Her sisters and brother are Leah Rachel Idelson, who was one of the founders of Tel Aviv, Hanna Eisenberg (Frumkin), , Amatzia Eisenberg, who was a PICA executive in Eretz Yisrael, , a public figure and a Zionist activist in the Yishuv, and Yehushua Eisenberg who was District Judge and Director General of the Israeli Magistrates' Courts.
Literary works.
Yehudit started writing at a young age. Her anonymous letters were published in "Ha-Melitz", short stories and articles published in the periodical (edited by ), , , Ganenu, , Haaretz, and many more.
In 1948, her autobiographical book "Between the Vineyards" was published by . The book tells the story of her life from being a girl to her adult life, with the love story of Haim Harari and Yehudit at the center, as they are called in the book "Ziv" and "Talia". The names of the family members were disguised under borrowed names, but she made it clear in the introduction that the story was written according to diaries, letters and documents that had been preserved in the family archive. The background of the family story describes the history of the Jewish community in Palestine at the beginning of the 20th century. In her book, she described with surprising frankness her doubts about the well-known fate of a married woman at the time:
The female character portrayed in her book is innovative for that period, not only because she is curious, adventurous, and eager for self-fulfillment in her studies and work, but also because she is bold enough to pose questions to traditional female roles.
In 1958 she published her book "Woman and Mother in Israel" published by , which deals with the Jewish woman from biblical times to the tenth anniversary of the State of Israel. She devoted her book to the "Women of Israel" and wrote down the contributions and activities of Jewish women throughout history. In the introduction she wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="56874037" url="?curid=56874037" title="The Moonlight Sonata">
The Moonlight Sonata


</doc>
<doc id="56874040" url="?curid=56874040" title="Giovanni Capula">
Giovanni Capula

Giovanni Capula was an architect of likely Sardinian origin of the 13th–14th century.
Biography.
Little is known about him, the inscriptions of the Tower of San Pancrazio and the Tower of the Elephant of Cagliari, where he's defined "Architector optimus", are the only direct sources available. For Dionigi Scano it was of Sardinian origin, being his surname (Capula) often found "in the toponymy and topography" of Sardinia. According to Salvatore Rattu he was specifically from Cagliari.
On the other hand, his training as an architect is clearer, which is certainly Tuscan, as evidenced by the style of his works.
Works.
The Tower of San Pancrazio of (1305), the Tower of the Elephant (1307) and the Tower of the Eagle (or Tower of the Lion), today incorporated in the Palace Boyl, are certainly attributable to Capula. Foiso Fois hypothesized that the main tower of the castle of Serravalle in Bosa should also be included in his works.

</doc>
<doc id="56874042" url="?curid=56874042" title="RF energy harvesting">
RF energy harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874043" url="?curid=56874043" title="Radio frequency energy harvesting">
Radio frequency energy harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874046" url="?curid=56874046" title="Peter Gambi">
Peter Gambi

Peter Gambi is a character appearing in comics published by DC Comics and is a supporting character of Black Lightning. He is the brother of Paul Gambi. Peter Gambi first appeared in "Black Lightning" #1 and was created by Tony Isabella and Trevor von Eeden.
Gambi has made appearances in several comic books and the character was portrayed by James Remar in the live action Arrowverse series "Black Lightning".
Fictional character biography.
Peter Gambi is a former ASA scout who turned his back on his life of crime, he became a tailor like his brother Paul Gambi. Peter established a tailor shop and befriended Pierce and his mother. When Tobias Whale orders the death of a student to threaten Pierce after the latter spoke out against the 100's criminal activities, Jefferson seeks Gambi's advice to avenge the victim. Gambi creates the costume that enables him to become Black Lightning.
Syonide captures Gambi and tries to force him to reveal Black Lightning's true identity.
Jefferson learns that Gambi was the one who killed his father. Gambi begs unsuccessfully for Black Lightning's forgiveness. Whale sends Syonide to kill Gambi and Black Lightning. Gambi sacrifices his life to save Black Lightning, and Pierce forgives him as he dies.

</doc>
<doc id="56874048" url="?curid=56874048" title="RF power harvesting">
RF power harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874051" url="?curid=56874051" title="Radio frequency power harvesting">
Radio frequency power harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874057" url="?curid=56874057" title="Wireless power harvesting">
Wireless power harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874058" url="?curid=56874058" title="RF-based wireless power harvesting">
RF-based wireless power harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874060" url="?curid=56874060" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874064" url="?curid=56874064" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874067" url="?curid=56874067" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874073" url="?curid=56874073" title="Wireless energy harvesting">
Wireless energy harvesting


</doc>
<doc id="56874074" url="?curid=56874074" title="Vladimir Drazhev">
Vladimir Drazhev

Vladimir Drazhev (, born 22 June 1954) is a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874080" url="?curid=56874080" title="The number 13">
The number 13


</doc>
<doc id="56874083" url="?curid=56874083" title="44th Anti-Aircraft Brigade (United Kingdom)">
44th Anti-Aircraft Brigade (United Kingdom)

44th Anti-Aircraft Brigade (44 AA Bde) was an air defence formation of Britain's Territorial Army (TA). Formed in 1938, it was responsible for protecting Manchester and later the Isle of Wight during World War II. It was reformed postwar under a new title, and continued until 1955.
Origin.
With the expansion of Britain's Anti-Aircraft (AA) defences in the late 1930s, new formations were created to command the growing number of Royal Artillery (RA) and Royal Engineers (RE) AA gun and searchlight (S/L) units. 44th AA Brigade was raised on 29 September 1938 at Manchester. It formed part of 4th AA Division, which was responsible for defending North West England. The first brigade commander (appointed 22 October 1938) was Brigadier Gerald Rickards, DSO, MC.
Mobilisation.
At the time the brigade was formed, the TA's AA units were in a state of mobilisation because of the Munich crisis, although they were soon stood down. In February 1939 the TA's AA defences came under the control of a new Anti-Aircraft Command. In June, as international tensions grew in the run-up to World War II, a partial mobilisation of AA Command was begun in a process known as 'couverture', whereby each unit did a month's tour of duty in rotation to man selected AA gun and searchlight positions. AA Command mobilised fully on 24 August, ahead of the official declaration of war on 3 September.
Order of Battle 1939–40.
The composition of the brigade upon mobilisation in August 1939 was as follows:
Phoney War.
When the code word to mobilise was issued on 24 August, 65th AA Rgt was returning from a practice camp at Burrowhead in Scotland and went straight to its war stations. 39th S/L Bn and one battery of 62nd S/L Bn had transport standing by and were able to return immediately from their couverture deployment with 2 AA Division in East Yorkshire to man their war stations. 81st AA Regiment manned two HAA battery sites and also deployed Lewis guns as LAA cover for the Vital Point (VP) of the Metropolitan-Vickers factory at Trafford Park. 80th LAA Bty and 71st S/L Rgt also manned VPs. By midnight the brigade was disposed as follows:
HAA guns
LAA guns
S/Ls
In the next 24 hours more HAA gun sites were reported ready for action, around 60 S/Ls were deployed and the number of Lewis guns at VPs was increased, with 39th S/L Bttn guarding the Manchester Ship Canal, Salford docks and Barton Power Station. In addition, the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) companies were taking over their duties with the regiments.
On 1 November the brigade was reorganised, with 39th and 71st S/L Rgts transferring to the command of 53rd Light AA Bde covering the Mersey area, followed shortly afterwards by 62nd S/L Rgt. Simultaneously, 21st (69, 136 &amp; 143 Btys at Liverpool) and its newly formed offshoot 41st (133, 134 &amp; 135 Btys) LAA Rgts transferred from 53rd LAA Bde and took over command of the LAA batteries manning VPs in 44 AA Bde's area, (42, 82 and 129 Btys), while 80th LAA Bty ceased to be an independent unit and came under 21st LAA Rgt. The commander of 44th AA Bde was named AA Defence Commander (AADC) for the Manchester Gun Zone. New VPs taken over by the brigade included ICI's Lostock Gralam works and Crewe Junction (136 LAA Bty), Baxter's respirator factory at Leyland (133 LAA Bty), Royal Ordnance Factory, Chorley, (133 &amp; 135 LAA Btys), Carlisle Junction (134 LAA Bty) and de Havilland's Lostock works (181 AA Bty, later 253 AA Bty).
Despite a number of alerts, there were no enemy air raids in the brigade's area for some time. In November, the brigade received 4.5-inch HAA guns to re-equip three of its four-gun HAA sites, and 436 S/L Bty relieved 134 LAA Bty so that it could be sent to train on the Vickers MkVIII 'pom-pom' gun. In June 1940 the AA regiments were redesignated 'HAA' to distinguish them from the growing number of LAA units, while in August all the RE AA battalions and infantry battalions converted to S/L duties became Searchlight Regiments of the RA.
Battle of Britain and Blitz.
Most of the air raids in 4 AA Division's area during the Battle of Britain were in the West Midlands or over the Mersey. A few bombs fell on Manchester and Crewe on 27/28 August, and across East Lancashire the following night. Night raids increased during the autumn as the Battle of Britain was followed by the Blitz. 65th (Manchester Regiment) HAA Rgt moved to the Orkney &amp; Shetland Defence Force (OSDEF) in the first week of October 1940, being replaced by 70th (3rd West Lancashire) HAA Rgt from 33 (Western) AA Bde.
Some examples of Gun-laying Mk I radar began to arrive for the HAA batteries, Bofors 40 mm guns appeared in increasing numbers for the LAA regiments, and the AA divisions formed units equipped with Z Battery rocket projectiles. In November 1940 the expansion of AA Command led to the creation of new AA Divisions. 44 AA Brigade remained in 4 AA Division and was responsible for Manchester and the surrounding area, including the shipyards of Barrow-in-Furness, but Brigadier Rickards was promoted to command the new 12 AA Division from 15 November. He was succeeded in command of 44 AA Bde by Lt-Col Erroll Tremlett, a former first-class cricketer who had distinguished himself commanding 54th (Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders) LAA Rgt at the Dunkirk evacuation, where his guns had defended the Mole and protected the embarkation of many of the troops.
Manchester Blitz.
The cities of NW England were heavily bombed during the winter of 1940–41 (the Liverpool Blitz and Manchester Blitz). On the night of 21/22 November the Manchester guns engaged raiders on their way to and from Liverpool, and on the following two nights it was Manchester's turn to be hit. Raids on Manchester peaked at Christmas. The Royal Artillery's historian considered that during these attacks on British cities 'the actions fought [by the AA batteries] were as violent, dangerous and prolonged as any in the field'. 'On an HAA 4.5-inch position of 44th AA Brigade in Manchester, the power rammer on one gun failed. One Gunner loaded 127 of the [] rounds himself in eleven hours of action, despite injuries to his fingers'.
Order of Battle 1940–41.
During the winter of 1940–41, the composition of 44 AA Bde was as follows:
Mid-War.
The Blitz is generally held to have ended on 16 May 1941. By now the HAA sites had the advantage of GL Mk I* radar with an elevation finding (E/F or 'Effie') attachment to supplement searchlights. At this stage of the war, experienced units were being posted away to train for service overseas. This led to a continual turnover of units, which accelerated with the preparations for the invasion of North Africa (Operation Torch) in late 1942 and the need to transfer units to counter the "Luftwaffe's" "Baedeker Blitz" and hit-and-run attacks on the South Coast. However, newly formed units continued to join AA Command, the HAA and support units increasingly becoming 'Mixed' units, indicating that women of the ATS were fully integrated into them. Members of the Home Guard (HG) also provided manpower, particularly for 'Z' Batteries.
Brigadier Tremlett was promoted to command 10 AA Division from 14 February 1942, and was succeeded at 44 AA Bde by Brig R.E. Kane, OBE, MC.
Order of Battle 1941–42.
During this period the brigade was composed as follows:
Later war.
At the end of September 1942, AA Command disbanded the AA Corps and Divisions and replaced them with new AA Groups, whose areas of responsibility coincided with the Groups of RAF Fighter Command. 44 AA Brigade came under 4 AA Group, with its HQ at Preston, which covered NW England and N Wales and operated with No. 9 Group RAF. 4 AA Group's area was quiet throughout the following year, and in May 1943 4 AA Bde had to 'un-man' some of its VPs to provide LAA guns and crews to 5 AA Group in Eastern England, which was dealing with 'hit and run' raids by the "Luftwaffe". When in September 1943 AA Command was required to release manpower to 21st Army Group forming for the planned invasion of Normandy (Operation Overlord), the group began to lose units by transfer and disbandment. On 14 January 1944, Brigadier Kane was transferred to command 45 AA Bde and was replaced by Brig J.W. Barker, TD.
Order of Battle 1942–44.
During this period the brigade was composed as follows (temporary attachments omitted):
Operations Overlord and Diver.
In March 1944, 44 AA Bde HQ was moved from Manchester to take over the AA defences on the Isle of Wight. Here it came under the command of 6 AA Group, which had responsibility for covering the 'Overlord' embarkation ports around the Solent and Portsmouth. The brigade established its HQ at 'Broadlands', Staplers Road, Newport, and took over command of 82nd (Essex) HAA Rgt and 151st LAA Rgt from 47 AA Bde and was soon reinforced. Additional LAA guns (mainly Bofors, with a few Oerlikon 20 mm cannon) were sited singly at Yarmouth, Shanklin, Sandown and Ventnor.
Brigadier Vere Krohn, MC, TD, a former head of AA Command's technical branch, arrived from 43 AA Bde to take command on 2 May, and began redeploying the HAA sites and additional radar-controlled searchlights to tackle aircraft attempting to lay mines in the Solent. There were sporadic attacks, with 619/185, 182/136 and 438/136 HAA Btys submitting claims for 'kills' on 15, 16 and 23 May, but the "Luftwaffe" failed to disrupt the 'Overlord' preparations.
A week after D-Day the long-awaited attacks on London by V-1 flying bombs ('Divers') began. AA Command had prepared Operation Diver to counter these weapons, and AA guns were moved from all over the UK to strengthen 2 AA Group's 'Diver Belt' in South East England. 6 AA Group also deployed additional HAA batteries in the Solent–Portsmouth defences. The first V-1 appeared over the Isle of Wight on 26 June, and 44 AA Bde redeployed its LAA guns in an anti-Diver role, including twin Browning .50 Machine Guns from S/L sites in the west of the island. However, the V-1 launch sites in Normandy were quickly overrun, and few missiles were seen in the Solent–Portsmouth area. As 21st Army Group overran the main launch sites in the Pas-de-Calais, the "Luftwaffe" shifted its focus to air-launching V-1s over the North Sea during the autumn, and AA Command redeployed units from the South Coast to Eastern England in response.
44 AA Brigade 'blacked out' its searchlights on 12 November apart from those required as homing beacons for friendly aircraft, and the crews were sent to provide construction parties for the gun sites in the new 'Diver Strip'. In early December it handed over its remaining commitments to 67 AA Bde, and Brigade HQ was disbanded on 31 December 1944.
Order of Battle 1944.
During this period the composition of the brigade was as follows:
By October 1944, the brigade's HQ establishment was 8 officers, 7 male other ranks and 22 members of the ATS, together with a small number of attached drivers, cooks and mess orderlies (male and female). In addition, the brigade had a Mixed Signal Office Section of 5 male other ranks and 19 ATS, which was formally part of the Group signal unit.
The brigade was disbanded on 11 December 1944.
Postwar.
When the TA was reconstituted in 1947, 44 AA Bde reformed at Salford, Greater Manchester as 70th AA Brigade (TA) (taking the number of a disbanded wartime formation from 4 AA Division) and forming part of 4 AA Group at Warrington. It now comprised the following units:
AA Command was disbanded in March 1955, and 70 AA Bde was placed in 'suspended animation' from 31 October that year. It was formally disbanded on 31 December 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="56874086" url="?curid=56874086" title="Joseph Sonken">
Joseph Sonken

Joseph "Joe" Sonken (b. 1910 — d. June 1990), was a notorious alleged American Mafia figure, owner of the Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge in Hollywood, Florida.
Biography.
His father was Russian and his mother Polish. Before moving to Miami in the mid-1940s, Joseph Sonken was involved in a prostitution ring in Chicago. Allegations imply that Joseph Sonken was close to Al Capone and fled to Florida to flee police busts in Chicago.
In Miami, Joseph Sonken opened the Mother Kelly's nightclub and became a public figure. The nightclub went out of business in 1948, and Joseph Sonken moved to Hollywood Florida to open the Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge. According to police reports, the Gold Coast was heavily used as a meeting point for Mafia members. Joseph Sonken denied those allegations in front of a Kefauver committee in 1968. Among the famous guests were Mafia members John Gotti, Joseph Todaro Sr., and Edward Sciandra. Public stars such as Frank Sinatra and Cary Grant were also known as regular customers, and the restaurant is mentioned in the FBI's JFK assassination files and in Elmore Leonard's novel "Gold Coast".
Joseph Sonken was arrested in 1972 for illegal gambling, but those charges were dropped a month later. In 1975, he was indicted for tax evasion and acquitted by a jury trial. In 1978, The Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) tried to trick Joseph Sonken by selling him cheap groceries undercover, and later raid the Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge claiming it is stocked with stolen groceries bought at cut-rate prices. The case was dismissed.
In May 1994, Gus Boulis bought the Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge and flipped it into a Miami Subs Grill.
Joseph Sonken died in June 1990 at the age of 83 in Plantation, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="56874089" url="?curid=56874089" title="Haukur Jóhannsson">
Haukur Jóhannsson

Haukur Jóhannsson (born 17 January 1953) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874091" url="?curid=56874091" title="Gerald Sparrow">
Gerald Sparrow

Gerald Sparrow (1903–1988) was a British lawyer, judge and travel writer. He served on the International Court in Bangkok, Thailand, for over 20 years. He was the president of the Club of Ten, a pro-apartheid organization, and the author of over 40 books.
Early life.
Gerald Sparrow was born in 1903 in Chapel-en-le-Frith, Derbyshire. He attended Sherborne School in Dorset, then Trinity Hall, University of Cambridge, where he was the president of the Cambridge Union Society.
Career.
Sparrow practised as a barrister in Manchester in the mid-1920s, then (invited by the Crown Prince) emigrated to Siam (now Thailand), where he was appointed, in 1930 and aged only 26 or 27, as a judge on the International Court (which tried cases involving non-Thais) in Bangkok. He served on the court "for two decades". He was also the author of "over 40 books, mostly about travel".
Sparrow was the president of the Club of Ten, a pro-apartheid organization whose members included South African, British, American businessmen. One of them was Lampas Nichas, a "South African fertiliser millionaire." However, the club was founded by Connie Mulder and Eschel Rhoodie, and the real aim was to publish "advertisements in the newspapers and otherwise do publicity work extolling the policies of the South African government". Sparrow opposed the sporting boycott of South Africa in 1974. He later recanted his views.
Personal life and death.
Sparrow married a Thai, and he lived in Thailand for 23 years. He was interned under harsh conditions by the Japanese, after their 1941 invasion of Thailand (the name adopted 1939-46 and 1948–present). Sparrow resigned as a judge after the war, and opened a private law office in Bangkok, dealing mainly in commercial law. He retired in England, where he became well known for his books, particularly the long series entitled "The Great Forgers", "The Great Traitors" etc., which mixed famous and infamous criminal cases (and a few civil cases) from history with other cases which Sparrow knew, often personally, from his time in Thailand. He died in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="56874098" url="?curid=56874098" title="Joe Sonken">
Joe Sonken


</doc>
<doc id="56874100" url="?curid=56874100" title="Jamil Smith (writer)">
Jamil Smith (writer)


</doc>
<doc id="56874103" url="?curid=56874103" title="Haukur Johannsson">
Haukur Johannsson


</doc>
<doc id="56874104" url="?curid=56874104" title="1979 Adur District Council election">
1979 Adur District Council election

Elections to the Adur District Council were held on 3 May 1979, alongside the general election. The entire council was up for election, following boundary changes that reduced the number of wards by one, but all together had added two seats. Overall turnout was recorded at 74.4%.
The election resulted in the Conservatives gaining control of the council.
Election result.
This resulted in the following composition of the council:

</doc>
<doc id="56874105" url="?curid=56874105" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874108" url="?curid=56874108" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874110" url="?curid=56874110" title="Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge">
Gold Coast Restaurant and Lounge


</doc>
<doc id="56874111" url="?curid=56874111" title="The Girls (musical)">
The Girls (musical)


</doc>
<doc id="56874113" url="?curid=56874113" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874120" url="?curid=56874120" title="Árni Óðinsson">
Árni Óðinsson

Árni Óðinsson (born 24 February 1950) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874130" url="?curid=56874130" title="Arni Ooinsson">
Arni Ooinsson


</doc>
<doc id="56874140" url="?curid=56874140" title="Esteve Tomas">
Esteve Tomas

Esteve Tomas Roca (born 25 March 1957) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874141" url="?curid=56874141" title="Joe Greene (athlete)">
Joe Greene (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56874148" url="?curid=56874148" title="Persecution of Croats in Serbia during the Croatian War of Independence">
Persecution of Croats in Serbia during the Croatian War of Independence


</doc>
<doc id="56874157" url="?curid=56874157" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874159" url="?curid=56874159" title="TELUS Harbour">
TELUS Harbour


</doc>
<doc id="56874161" url="?curid=56874161" title="Federico García (skier)">
Federico García (skier)

Federico García (born 3 September 1951) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874162" url="?curid=56874162" title="Cerar cabinet">
Cerar cabinet


</doc>
<doc id="56874166" url="?curid=56874166" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874170" url="?curid=56874170" title="Federico Garcia (skier)">
Federico Garcia (skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56874171" url="?curid=56874171" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874173" url="?curid=56874173" title="Joe Greene (high jumper)">
Joe Greene (high jumper)


</doc>
<doc id="56874179" url="?curid=56874179" title="An act relating to revenue cutters and steamers">
An act relating to revenue cutters and steamers

An act relating to revenue cutters and steamers, ch. 78, , is an Act of Congress from March 3, 1845, which became the first bill passed after Congress overrode a presidential veto.
The Act stated: "no revenue cutter or revenue steamer shall hereafter be built (excepting such as are now in the course of building and equipment) nor purchased, unless an appropriation be first made, by law, therefor."

</doc>
<doc id="56874180" url="?curid=56874180" title="Maurizio Battistini">
Maurizio Battistini

Maurizio Battistini (born 5 April 1957) is a Sammarinese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874197" url="?curid=56874197" title="Trondheim (city)">
Trondheim (city)


</doc>
<doc id="56874198" url="?curid=56874198" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874199" url="?curid=56874199" title="Ersin Ayrłksa">
Ersin Ayrłksa

Ersin Ayrłksa (born 27 November 1956) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874200" url="?curid=56874200" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874202" url="?curid=56874202" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874204" url="?curid=56874204" title="Ersin Ayrlksa">
Ersin Ayrlksa


</doc>
<doc id="56874209" url="?curid=56874209" title="Ersin Ayrıksa">
Ersin Ayrıksa


</doc>
<doc id="56874218" url="?curid=56874218" title="Communist Party of Britain (Marxist Leninist)">
Communist Party of Britain (Marxist Leninist)


</doc>
<doc id="56874230" url="?curid=56874230" title="Miran Gašperšič">
Miran Gašperšič

Miran Gašperšič (born 22 October 1948) is a Slovenian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics, representing Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="56874235" url="?curid=56874235" title="Reached (novel)">
Reached (novel)


</doc>
<doc id="56874238" url="?curid=56874238" title="Miran Gaspersic">
Miran Gaspersic


</doc>
<doc id="56874245" url="?curid=56874245" title="2018 Youth Olympics">
2018 Youth Olympics


</doc>
<doc id="56874249" url="?curid=56874249" title="The Scout (Portland, Oregon)">
The Scout (Portland, Oregon)

The Scout is a copy of sculptor R. Tait McKenzie's The Ideal Scout, installed outside the offices of Boy Scouts of America's Columbia Pacific Council, at 2145 Southwest Front Street, in Portland, Oregon.
Description.
According to the Smithsonian Institution, the statue is a "Full-length figure of an adolescent boy in the traditional Boy Scout uniform of shirt, scarf, shorts, knee socks and laced ankle-high shoes. He holds a hat over his chest with his proper right hand." The metal statue measures appropriately 70 x 26 x 19 inches, and rests on a trapezoid-shaped base with a width of approximately 52 inches and a diameter of approximately 55 inches.
History.
The Portland cast was gifted by the council's former president, Zenon C.R. Hansen, and dedicated in 1972. It was surveyed as part of Smithsonian's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!" program in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="56874250" url="?curid=56874250" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874251" url="?curid=56874251" title="Benny Faccone">
Benny Faccone

Benny Faccone is a recording engineer, mixing engineer, and record producer known for his work with Ricky Martin, Santana, Luis Miguel, Maná and Marco Antonio Solís. He has won 5 Grammy Awards and 12 Latin Grammy Awards.
Biography.
Faccone was born in Italy and was raised in Canada. He received a composition degree from the Berklee College of Music. After graduation, he began working in the recording industry in Montreal and later moved to Los Angeles in 1980, where he became engineer at A&amp;M Records. While mixing for the band Menudo, Faccone met Draco Rosa, member of the Puerto Rican boy band and with whom he continued working for the next decades. In 1986, Faccone became a freelance engineer.
Faccone owns "The Cavern" studios in Thousand Oaks, California. He named the studio after The Cavern Club in Liverpool, where The Beatles played during their early career. He is also a professor at the California Lutheran University.
Awards and recognition.
Grammy Awards.
Faccone has been nominated for the following Grammy Awards: 
Latin Grammy Awards.
Faccone has been nominated for the following Latin Grammy Awards: 

</doc>
<doc id="56874252" url="?curid=56874252" title="Susan Broun-Ramsay, Marchioness of Dalhousie">
Susan Broun-Ramsay, Marchioness of Dalhousie

Susan Broun-Ramsay, Marchioness of Dalhousie (13 March 1817 – 6 May 1853), formerly Lady Susan Georgiana Hay, was the wife of James Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie.
She was the daughter of George Hay, 8th Marquess of Tweeddale, and his wife, the former Lady Susan Montagu.
On 21 January 1836 she married James Broun-Ramsay, who became Earl of Dalhousie in 1838, making her a countess. They had two children:
For a period in 1842, the then-countess was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Victoria, a position also held by her sister Elizabeth, whose husband was the heir to the Duke of Wellington. However, Susan was obliged to resign because of health problems.
In 1848 the earl was made Governor-General of India and Governor of Bengal, and in the following year he was elevated to the rank of marquess. He was accompanied by his wife, but her health deteriorated and in 1852 she moved to Ceylon in the hope that the climate would help. In 1853, she began the sea journey back to Britain but was taken ill and died before reaching home.
In the absence of a male heir, the marquessate lapsed after the death of James Broun-Ramsay in 1860 and the earldom passed to a nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="56874253" url="?curid=56874253" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874256" url="?curid=56874256" title="Vindicius">
Vindicius

Vindicius was a Roman slave. He was said to be the person who discovered papers exposing Tarquin's plot to regain power, after the overthrowal of the Roman Monarchy. These papers proved that Tarquin, who had been attempting to have his possessions legally restored to him, was doing so in order to be allowed into Rome again, allowing him to kill consuls Lucius Collatinus and Brutus, and reinstall himself. Vindicius gave these papers to Publius Valerius Publicola on account of the "affable and kindly ways of the man."
Vindicius was later vindicated for this actions for the Republic. He was given the property which was about to restored to Tarquin. Livy claims his name is the etymological root of the word vindication.

</doc>
<doc id="56874257" url="?curid=56874257" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874266" url="?curid=56874266" title="CPB (ML)">
CPB (ML)


</doc>
<doc id="56874270" url="?curid=56874270" title="Time-based One-time Password Algorithm">
Time-based One-time Password Algorithm


</doc>
<doc id="56874275" url="?curid=56874275" title="HMAC-based One-time Password Algorithm">
HMAC-based One-time Password Algorithm


</doc>
<doc id="56874278" url="?curid=56874278" title="Court of Judicature and Revision">
Court of Judicature and Revision

Court of Judicature and Revision (also known as Court of Judicial Review) was a central government agency in several imperial Chinese and Vietnamese dynasties. It was generally in charge of reviewing judicial proceedings at all administrative levels and singling out the cases for a retrial by court officials or the emperor himself. In China the office was created during the Northern Qi dynasty (550–577) and continued until the Qing dynasty (1636–1912). In Vietnam it was adopted by Lê Thánh Tông in 1466, and continued until the Nguyễn dynasty.
It was one of the Nine Courts and worked closely with the Ministry of Justice and the Censorate. During the Qing dynasty it was the most prestigious of the Nine Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="56874286" url="?curid=56874286" title="Mind over Matter (E. G. Daily song)">
Mind over Matter (E. G. Daily song)

"Mind over Matter" is a song by the American singer E. G. Daily, which was released in 1987 as a single from the soundtrack album of the American comedy film "Summer School". The song was written by Michael Jay and Rick Palombi, and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman. It reached No. 7 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs Chart, and No. 22 on the "Cash Box" Top 12" Dance Singles Chart.
Background.
Jay and Palombi wrote "Mind over Matter" in 1985. It was originally recorded by Nikki Leeger and released in 1986 as a UK-only single by RCA. The following year saw Debbie Harry record the song, which was slated for release as a single from the soundtrack of the upcoming film "Summer School". However, label disputes caused her version to go unreleased. Although they were willing to allow the song to be included on the film's soundtrack, Chrysalis refused to allow Harry's version to be released as a single. The label decided to have the song re-recorded and came to an agreement with A&amp;M Records over the hiring of Daily, who flew to London to provide vocals on the track.
Music video.
A music video was filmed to promote the single, which was directed by Maurice Phillips and produced by Nicholas Myers for AWGO. It featured many cast members of "Summer School" and achieved breakout rotation on MTV.

</doc>
<doc id="56874288" url="?curid=56874288" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874289" url="?curid=56874289" title="Forced Free Trial">
Forced Free Trial


</doc>
<doc id="56874291" url="?curid=56874291" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874294" url="?curid=56874294" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874301" url="?curid=56874301" title="Joan Josep Guillén i Zambrano">
Joan Josep Guillén i Zambrano

Joan Josep Guillén i Zambrano (born Fuente del Maestre, Extremadura, Spain 1947) is a draftsman, painter, scenographer, and professor of performing arts.
Biography and career path.
Guillén i Zambrano's parents emigrated to Manlleu when he was one year old, and he spent his childhood and adolescence there. He started with amateur theater, which was a kind of escape for him. He became known in 1970 by publishing drawings in the Catalan press, while he began studying theatrical direction and set design at the Theatre Institute of Barcelona. He enjoyed an intense and productive professional career there and, at the same time, was a professor of performing arts between 1973 and 2003.
Guillén i Zambrano has collaborated with several theater groups in the construction of masks for street shows, as with the Viva Picasso show in 1981. He also collaborated with the theater group Els Comediants for more than twenty years, and created sets for shows like El Llibre de les Bèsties and La Cenerentola, the latter of which premiered in 2011 in Canada and was performed in 2015 by the Lyric Opera of Chicago. In the field of Catalan stage design, he began working in the 1960s and became one of the more famous set designers, with contemporary authors such as Fabià Puigserver i Plana, Ramon B. Ivars Amigo, Andreu Rabal Serrat and Josep Messeguer Vendrell.
In the field of graphic illustration, Guillén i Zambrano has been published in a wide variety of magazines and newspapers such as "Triunfo", "La Calle", "Tele-Exprés", "El Món", "La Vanguardia", "Avui", "El Periódico de Catalunya" and "Muchas Gracias". In Catalonia, he has been a pioneer in the field of digital design. Between 1985 and 1987, he created material for TV3, and later TVE. He has also been featured in several exhibitions, such as Spanish Transition, organized by the National Library of Spain, as well as the Suite Nonell in 2013.
In 2016, Guillén was one of the signers of a statement entitled "In favor of greater social involvement in the promotion of arts and culture: commitment to cultural patronage", promoted by the Ateneu Barcelonés and the CoNCA (National Council of Arts and Culture). In 2013 he accepted the proposal of the National Library of Spain to give them his file.
In 2017, Guillén donated part of his collection, which contains original sets and costumes for shows such as The Magic Flute, El llibre de les bèsties, and La Cenerentola, to the Biblioteca de Catalunya; he also contributed satirical drawings for the press (Tele-Expres, Muchas gracias, Diario de Barcelona...), posters, photographs, and handbills of different works.

</doc>
<doc id="56874307" url="?curid=56874307" title="Prelude and Fugue in B minor, BWV 893">
Prelude and Fugue in B minor, BWV 893

Prelude and Fugue in B minor, BWV 893, is a keyboard composition by Johann Sebastian Bach. It is the 24th and final prelude and fugue in the second book of "The Well-Tempered Clavier", a series of 48 preludes and fugues by the composer. It was composed in 1738.
Prelude.
The prelude is in the key of B minor and in the time signature of cut time (2/2). It is in 2 voices and has 66 measures. There is rarely any ornamentation in this piece.
Fugue.
The fugue is also in B minor and is in 3/8. It is in 3 voices and has 100 measures. It ends with a Picardy third.

</doc>
<doc id="56874320" url="?curid=56874320" title="Dali Si">
Dali Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874321" url="?curid=56874321" title="Da Li Si">
Da Li Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874322" url="?curid=56874322" title="Ta-li ssu">
Ta-li ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56874323" url="?curid=56874323" title="Đại lý tự">
Đại lý tự


</doc>
<doc id="56874324" url="?curid=56874324" title="Virginia State Route 627 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874327" url="?curid=56874327" title="Virginia State Route 627 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874328" url="?curid=56874328" title="2009–10 Borussia Dortmund II season">
2009–10 Borussia Dortmund II season

The 2009–10 Borussia Dortmund II season happened between 25 July 2009 and 8 May 2010.
3. Liga.
Season review.
July and August.
Borussia Dortmund II opened up the season against Wacker Burghausen on 25 July 2009. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 4–3. Borussia Dortmund II got two goals from Sebastian Tyrala and a goal from Sebastian Hille. Wacker Burghausen got three goals from Christian Holzer and a goal from Christian Cappek. Matchday two happened on 28 July 2009 against Eintracht Braunschweig. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. Matchday three happened on 7 August 2009 against Werder Bremen II. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 1–0 with a goal from Torsten Oehrl. Matchday four happened on 15 August 2009 against Kickers Offenbach. The match finished in a 0–0 draw. Matchday five happened on 21 August 2009 against FC Ingolstadt. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 1–0 with a goal from Yasin. Matchday six happened on 28 August 2009 against SpVgg Unterhaching. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 2–1. Borussia Dortmund II got a goal from Sebastian Hille. Sebastian Mitterhuber and Robert Zillner scored for Unterhaching.
September and October.
Matchday seven happened on 2 September 2009 against Carl Zeiss Jena. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 2–1. Jörn Neumeister scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Assani Lukimya and Marco Riemer scored for Carl Zeiss Jena. Matchday eight happened on 6 September 2009 against Dynamo Dresden. Borussia Dortmund II won 1–0 with a goal from Marcus Piossek. Matchday nine happened on 12 September 2009 against 1. FC Heidenheim. Borussia Dortmund II lost 2–1. Marcel Kandziora scored from Borussia Dortmund II. Heidenheim got a goal from the penalty spot from Johannes Meier and a goal from Bastian Heidenfelder. Matchday 10 happened on 19 September 2009 against Wuppertaler SV. Borussia Dortmund II won 2–0 with goals from Marcus Piossek and Marcel Kandziora. Matchday 11 happened on 26 September 2009 against VfB Stuttgart II. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 2–1. Damien Le Tallec scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Stuttgart II got a goal from the penalty spot from Sebastian Rudy and a goal from Daniel Didavi. Matchday 12 happened on 3 October 2018 against Wehen Wiesbaden. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Damien Le Tallec scored for Borussia Dortmund II and Sebastian Reinert scored for Wehen Wiesbaden. Matchday 13 happened on 17 October 2009 against SV Sandhausen. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 3–2. Sebastian Hille and Mehmet Boztepe scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Sandhausen got two goals from Régis Dorn and a goal from Sreto Ristić. Matchday 14 happened on 24 October 2009 against Bayern Munich II. Bayern Munich II won 2–0 with goals from Daniel Sikorski and Deniz Yılmaz. Matchday 15 happened on 31 October 2009 against Erzgebirge Aue. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. David Vržogić and Marcus Piossek scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Skerdilaid Curri and Najeh Braham scored for Erzgebirge Aue.
November and December.
Matchday 16 happened on 7 November 2009 against Rot-Weiß Erfurt. Borussia Dortmund II won 1–0 with a goal from Sebastian Hille. Matchday 17 happened on 21 November 2009 against VfL Osnabrück. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 4–1. Lasse Sobiech scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Osnabrück got two goals from Aleksandar Kotuljac, a goal from Björn Lindemann, and a goal from the penalty spot from Matthias Heidrich. Matchday 18 happened on 28 November 2009 against Jahn Regensburg. Jahn Regensburg won the match 2–0 with goals from Marco Haller and Stefan Jarosch. Matchday 19 happened on 6 December 2009 against Holstein Kiel. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 1–0 with a goal from Uwe Hünemeier. Matchday 20 happened on 12 December 2009 on against Wacker Burghausen. Borussia Dortmund II won 3–0 with three goals from Daniel Ginczek. Matchday 21 happened on 19 December 2009 against Eintracht Braunschweig. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 2–1. Sebastian Tyrała and Julian Koch scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Dennis Kruppke scored for Eintracht Braunschweig.
February and March.
Matchday 23 happened on 7 February 2010 against Kickers Offenbach. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 2–1. Marcus Piossek and Uwe Hünemeier scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Mirnes Mešić scored for Kickers Offenbach. Matchday 25 happened on 21 February 2010 against Unterhaching. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Lukas Nottbeck scored for Borussia Dortmund II and Thomas Rathgeber scored for Unterhaching. Matchday 22 happened on 10 March 2010 against Werder Bremen II. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 2–1. Uwe Hünemeier scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Tobias Kempe scored two goals for Werder Bremen II. Matchday 26 happened on 17 March 2010 Carl Zeiss Jena. Carl Zeiss Jena won the match 3–0 with two goals from Orlando Smeekes and a goal from Timo Nagy. Matchday 29 happened on 20 March 2010 against Wuppertal. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 2–0 with goals from Lukas Nottbeck and Marcel Großkreutz. Matchday 24 happened on 24 March 2010 against Ingolstadt. Ingolstadt won the match 1–0 with a goal from Fabian Gerber. Matchday 30 happened on 27 March 2010 against Stuttgart II. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 2–1. Daniel Ginczek scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Tobias Rathgeb and Marco Pischorn scored for Stuttgart II. Matchday 31 happened on 31 March 2010 against Wehen Wiesbaden. Wehen Wiesbaden won the match 2–0 with goals from Thorsten Barg and Dominik Stroh-Engel.
April and May.
Matchday 32 happened on 4 April 2010 against Sandhausen. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 2–1. Sebastian Hille scored two goals for Borussia Dortmund II. Mario Pokar scored for Sandhausen. Matchday 27 happened on 7 April 2010 against Dynamo Dresden. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 3–2. Uwe Hünemeier and Yasin scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Dynamo Dresden got two goals from Halil Savran and a goal from Maik Kegel. Matchday 33 happened on 10 April 2010 against Bayern Munich II. Bayern Munich II won the match 3–0 with goals from Saër Sène, Deniz Yılmaz, and Tom Schütz. Matchday 34 happened on 14 April 2010 against Erzgebirge Aue. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 3–1. Daniel Ginczek scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Eric Agyemang, Jan Hochscheidt, and Skerdilaid Curri scored for Erzgebirge Aue. Matchday 35 happened on 18 April 2010 against Rot-Weiß Erfurt. Rot-Weiß Erfurt won 1–0 with a goal from Carsten Kammlott. Matchday 28 happened on 21 April 2010 against Heidenheim. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Mehmet Boztepe scored for Borussia Dortmund II and Dieter Jarosch scored for Rot-Weiß Erfurt. Matchday 36 happened on 24 April 2010 against Osnabrück. Osnabrück won the match 2–1. Sebastian Tyrala scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Aleksandar Kotuljac and Ricky Pinheiro scored for Osnabrück. Matchday 37 happened on 30 April 2010 against Jahn Regensburg. Borussia Dortmund II won the match 2–0 with goals from Mehmet Boztepe and Uwe Hünemeier. Matchday 38 happened on 8 May 2010 against Holstein Kiel. Borussia Dortmund II lost the match 4–3. Daniel Ginczek, Mehmet Boztepe, and Uwe Hünemeier scored for Borussia Dortmund II. Holstein Kiel got two goals from Christopher Lamprecht, and a goal each from Tim Siedschlag and Florian Meyer. Borussia Dortmund II finished the season in 18th place and were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="56874329" url="?curid=56874329" title="Novichok agents">
Novichok agents


</doc>
<doc id="56874330" url="?curid=56874330" title="Virginia State Route 627 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 627 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874333" url="?curid=56874333" title="William Robertson Copland">
William Robertson Copland

Sir William Robertson Copland MICE LLD (1838–1907) was a 19th-century British civil engineer, specialising in drainage and water supply.
Life.
He was born in Stirling in central Scotland in 1838, the son of John Copland a merchant tailor who was later Chairman of Glasgow Technical College.
He was educated at Stirling High School then studied Engineering at Glasgow University. He was then apprenticed to David Smith from 1850 to 1856. He then joined the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company before becoming Burgh engineer to Paisley.
In later life he was heavily involved in the Glasgow Technical College and its expansion. He became Chairman of the Board of Governors in 1897.
He had premises with his firm Copland &amp; Foulis at 146 West Regent Street. He was knighted by King Edward VII in 1906 and received an honorary doctorate (LLD) from Glasgow University in 1907.
He died of a heart attack at his home, 20 Sandyford Place in Glasgow on 19 August 1907 and is buried in Glasgow Necropolis, near the summit.
Family.
He was married to Elizabeth Jane Donaldson (died 1908). They had one daughter and five sons.
Their eldest son, John Pearson Copland, was also a civil engineer. For some time they practiced jointly as W R Copland &amp; Sons.

</doc>
<doc id="56874335" url="?curid=56874335" title="Dianik">
Dianik


</doc>
<doc id="56874336" url="?curid=56874336" title="Palazzo Clemente Della Rovere">
Palazzo Clemente Della Rovere

The Palazzo Clemente Della Rovere is a palace located in Piazza Rovere in the historical center of Genoa, Northwestern Italy. The palace was one of the 163 Palazzi dei Rolli of Genoa, the selected private residences where the notable guests of the Republic of Genoa were hosted during State visits. On 13 luglio 2006 it was added to the list of 42 palaces which now form the UNESCO World Heritage Site . The palace hosts today the General Consulate of Iceland.
The Rolli of Genoa.
The "Rolli di Genova" - or, more precisely, the "Rolli degli alloggiamenti pubblici di Genova" (Italian for "Lists of the public lodgings of Genoa") were the official lists at the time of the Republic of Genoa of the private palaces and mansions, belonging to the most distinguished Genoese families, which - if chosen through a public lottery - were obliged to host on behalf of the Government the most notable visitors during their State visit to the Republic. Later, these palaces hosted many famous visitors to Genoa during their Grand Tour, a cultural itinerary around Italy
History.
The palace was commissioned in 1580 by Clemente Della Rovere, a Genoese aristocrat from the distinguished Della Rovere family, which counted among its members two Popes (Sixtus IV and Julius II), the Duke of Urbino Francesco Maria I and the Genoese Doge Francesco Maria della Rovere. In the arts, the family reached the peak of their influence in the 15th century, when Pope Sixtus IV Della Rovere commissioned the Sistine Chapel, and in the 16th century, when Pope Julius II Della Rovere became known for his patronage of artists. In Genoa, the Doge Francesco Maria della Rovere was a fine collector of crystals, pottery and paintings, which he brought to the palace, where he retired after completing his term at the head of the Genoese Government.
The palace was built in an area between via San Sebastiano and Salita Santa Caterina, which is now in the center of the city but at the time was close to the 16th century walls and to religious buildings where monks and nuns sought peace and tranquility. The construction of the palace proceeded at a fast pace and was completed in 1581, within two years from the start of the works. The palace was built as two separate wings, with one - the San Sebastiano wing - smaller and not in line with the main wing. This structure is still visible today, as the Palace has not undergone any major renovation since Rubens depicted it in the 17th century. On the right hand side of the Palace, there is a 17th-century statue of Our Lady of Mercy. 
In the 19th century the palace passed to the Piccardo family. It currently hosts the Consulate of Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="56874343" url="?curid=56874343" title="Red Hat Order">
Red Hat Order


</doc>
<doc id="56874349" url="?curid=56874349" title="Virginia State Route 628 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874354" url="?curid=56874354" title="Virginia State Route 628 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874355" url="?curid=56874355" title="Al Ghadeer International Festival">
Al Ghadeer International Festival

The Al Ghadeer International Festival (Arabic: مهرجان الغدير الدولي; ), abbreviated AGIF, is one of the largest festivals in MENA to the media.
History.
The festival began in 2007 with the Organized by of the Badr Organization and Alghadeer TV. It is one of the biggest annual festivals of the media, in which some personalities, institutions, satellite channels, radio stations, etc.
Awards.
The most prominent awards are :

</doc>
<doc id="56874359" url="?curid=56874359" title="Virginia State Route 628 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 628 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874362" url="?curid=56874362" title="Virtual interviewing">
Virtual interviewing


</doc>
<doc id="56874366" url="?curid=56874366" title="Ilya Mikheyev">
Ilya Mikheyev

Ilya Andreyevich Mikheyev () (born 10 October 1994) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Mikheyev started his career in the school of Avangard Omsk. In 2012 he started playing in the youth team Omskie Yastreby in the MHL. In 2013 he won the Kharlamov Cup with his team. In the 2013–14 season he started playing for Yermak Angarsk, the farm team of Avangard in the VHL. in the next seasons he also played for Sokol Krasnoyarsk and Saryarka Karagandy, that time farm teams of Avangard, in the VHL. In the 2015–16 season he started playing for Avangard in the Kontinental Hockey League. He established quickly in the team. The 2017–18 season he finished as the top scorer of Avangard with 38 points.
In 62 games during the 2018–19 season, Mikheyev recorded 23 goals and 22 assists for 45 points to again finish as the club's top point scorer. In the post-season he helped Avangard reach the Gagarin Cup finals recording 11 points in 13 games.
On 6 May 2019, Mikheyev signed a one-year, entry-level contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). On 2 October 2019, during the Maple Leafs' home opener, Mikheyev scored his first NHL goal and added an assist in a 5–3 victory over the Ottawa Senators. After his debut, he made a passing comment about how he loved soup, which eventually led to a partnership with the Campbell Soup Company. In an away game against the New Jersey Devils on 27 December, Devils forward Jesper Bratt fell, causing his skate blade to cut Mikheyev's wrist. Mikheyev suffered a laceration on his wrist and was removed from the game. He immediately underwent surgery at University Hospital in Newark to repair an artery and tendons in his wrist. Leafs general manager Kyle Dubas and assistant athletic trainer Jon Geller cleared their schedules so Mikheyev would have familiar people around in the three days between his surgery and flying back to Toronto. Mikheyev did not return for the remainder of the regular season, which was cut short due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but was able to return for the playoffs. He went pointless in 5 games as the Leafs fell to the Columbus Blue Jackets in the first round. In the following playoffs against the Montreal Canadiens he was again held scoreless, increasing his total to 12 playoff games without a single point and earning himself the title of the "mega plug".
On 20 October 2020, Mikheyev signed a 2-year, $3.29 million contract with the Maple Leafs, avoiding his salary arbitration hearing which had been set for the following day. It was also reported that Mikheyev willingly reduced his salary after a request from Leafs general manager Dubas, in order to ensure the team would remain under the salary cap.
International play.
In 2017, Mikheyev played for Team Russia at the 2017 Deutschland Cup. He was later added to make his full international debut for Russia at the 2018 World Championships in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="56874368" url="?curid=56874368" title="Sally Heller">
Sally Heller

Sally Heller (born 1956) is an American artist. She uses everyday materials to make large installations that are often site-specific.

</doc>
<doc id="56874376" url="?curid=56874376" title="Robb Field">
Robb Field


</doc>
<doc id="56874379" url="?curid=56874379" title="Guanglu Si">
Guanglu Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874381" url="?curid=56874381" title="Guang Lu Si">
Guang Lu Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874383" url="?curid=56874383" title="Quang lộc tự">
Quang lộc tự


</doc>
<doc id="56874385" url="?curid=56874385" title="Kuang-lu ssu">
Kuang-lu ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56874389" url="?curid=56874389" title="Virginia State Route 629 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874390" url="?curid=56874390" title="Virginia State Route 629 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874393" url="?curid=56874393" title="Thái bộc tự">
Thái bộc tự


</doc>
<doc id="56874395" url="?curid=56874395" title="Virginia State Route 629 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 629 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874396" url="?curid=56874396" title="Taipu Si">
Taipu Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874397" url="?curid=56874397" title="Tai Pu Si">
Tai Pu Si


</doc>
<doc id="56874402" url="?curid=56874402" title="T'ai-p'u ssu">
T'ai-p'u ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56874403" url="?curid=56874403" title="Michal Horský">
Michal Horský

Michal Horský (1 July 1943, Trnava – 18 March 2018) was a Slovak political scientist and politician. A member of the Public Against Violence, he was elected to the Chamber of the Nations, the upper chamber of the Federal Assembly of Czechoslovakia, between 1990 and 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="56874416" url="?curid=56874416" title="Lenore Glen Offord">
Lenore Glen Offord

Lenore Glen Offord (October 24, 1905 – April 24, 1991) was an American author and reviewer of detective fiction.
Offord was born in Spokane, Washington and attended Mills College in Oakland, California. She graduated in 1925 with a degree in English. She attended the University of California at Berkeley the following year.
Offord authored twelve books, eight of which are mysteries set in the San Francisco area.
Offord was the "San Francisco Chronicle"'s mystery critic for more than thirty years, initially taking over Anthony Boucher's column during World War II. She received the Edgar Award for Outstanding Criticism in 1952.
A long-time devotée of the Sherlock Holmes stories, Offord was the first female member of the Baker Street Irregulars in 1958.
Personal life.
Lenore Glen married Harold R. Offord in 1929. They had one daughter.
Sources.
"Mike Grost on Lenore Glen Offord," http://gadetection.pbworks.com/w/page/7931275/Offord%2C%20Lenore%20Glen

</doc>
<doc id="56874417" url="?curid=56874417" title="Virginia State Route 630 (Mecklenburg County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (Mecklenburg County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874421" url="?curid=56874421" title="Virginia State Route 630 (Middlesex County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (Middlesex County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874422" url="?curid=56874422" title="Taipusi">
Taipusi

Taipusi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56874425" url="?curid=56874425" title="Virginia State Route 630 (Montgomery County)">
Virginia State Route 630 (Montgomery County)


</doc>
<doc id="56874431" url="?curid=56874431" title="Walter Puchner">
Walter Puchner

Walter Puchner (born 1947) is an Austrian writer, critic and university professor on theatre studies. He has made significant work on the theatrology of Greece, the greater area of the Mediterranean, the Balkans, and Byzantium, on folkloristics but also on a variety of other subjects concerning the culture of the area with more than 80 books and numerous studies and critiques.
Biography.
He was born on 12 May 1947 in Vienna. He studied in the University of Vienna from which he obtained a doctorate of Philosophy in 1972. In 1977 he was proclaimed Privatdozent of the University of Vienna and since then he resides in Greece, since he married the pediatrician Ariadne Malamitse. He then went on to teaching in the Philosophical School of the University of Crete of which he also became president in 1987 while he was also teaching in the University of Graz. He started teaching in the University of Athens from 1989, and is now an emeritus there.
He has taught in many universities as a visitor, in some as a Senior Visiting Scholar of the USA branch of the Alexander S. Onassis Foundation (Alexander S. Onassis Public Benefit Foundation (USA)).
Awards and honours.
Walter Puchner has received awards and honours in the country of his origin, Austria, as well as in Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="56874433" url="?curid=56874433" title="Shakardokht Jafari">
Shakardokht Jafari

Shakardokht (Shakar) Jafari () is a Medical Physicist and an award-winning innovator based at the Surrey Technology Centre. She developed an efficient and low cost method of measuring a medical dose of radiation.
Early life and education.
Jafari was born in Daykundi, Afghanistan in 1977. Jafari and her family were forced to leave Afghanistan when war broke out, and at the age of six she spent six months travelling as a refugee to Iran. When she turned 14, her father told her she must marry her cousin. However, she managed to convince her parents and the cousin to cancel the marriage. This meant she could continue her education. Jafari completed her BSc in radiation technologies at Tabriz University of Medical Sciences in 2000. After moving back to Afghanistan in 2003, Jafari taught in the Kabul Medical University. and completed a master's degree in radiation physics there while working. In 2010 she moved to the University of Surrey to study a master's in medical physics. In 2014 she appeared on Manoto, a Persian television network, discussing her career and education. In 2015 she became the first Afghan woman to earn a PhD in Medical Physics. She was awarded the "Schlumberger Foundation" Faculty for the Future award for her second year of studies.
Research and career.
Jafari developed a string of tiny calibrated silica beads that can be used to measure radiation inside a patient's body. She demonstrated that the amount of radiation each bead receives can be measured using a simple thermoluminescence reader. The glass beads cost significantly less than contemporary Dosimeters and also address the dosimetric challenges of modern radiotherapy techniques. They ran proof-of-concept experiments at Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth. She was inspired to create the beads because of the lack of cancer treatment in Afghanistan, where her father died prematurely of cancer. In 2016 Jafari became one of 15 women entrepreneurs to win a £50,000 Innovate UK Infocus Award. She is the founder and CTO of TRUEinvivo. A patent for her technology was granted in 2019. Jafari is part of the UK Sirius programme for graduate entrepreneurs.
In 2018 Jafari featured in the SPIE Women in Optics planner.
Personal life.
Jafari met her husband Ibrahim in 1998 and they have three children. She discovered she was pregnant with her third child a few days after learning that she herself had cancer. Her consultant surgeon at the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth told her it would be possible to keep the baby. Jafari was able to have chemotherapy while pregnant and said they "want baby Sina to be a message of hope to other families".

</doc>
<doc id="56874439" url="?curid=56874439" title="Guanglusi">
Guanglusi


</doc>
<doc id="56874441" url="?curid=56874441" title="Dalisi">
Dalisi


</doc>
<doc id="56874443" url="?curid=56874443" title="Claudia Andujar">
Claudia Andujar

Claudia Andujar (born June 12, 1931) is a Swiss-born Brazilian photographer and activist.
Life.
The daughter of a Hungarian Jewish father and a Swiss mother, she was born Claudine Haas in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. She grew up in the city of Oradea, which changed hands between the kingdoms of Hungary and Romania. Towards the end of World War II, she and her mother took refuge in Switzerland. Her father died in the Dachau concentration camp, and the rest of her father's family died either at Dachau or Auschwitz. 
She studied humanities at Hunter College in New York City. There she met a Spanish refugee, Julio Andujar, whom she married in 1949 and whose last name she still maintains. Andujar moved to Brazil in 1956 to stay with her mother, Germaine Guye Haas.
A project on the Karajá people in central Brazil led her to a career in photojournalism. Her work has appeared in various magazines, including "Life", "Look", "Fortune", "Aperture", "Realidade" and "Claudia".
She has documented the culture of the Yanomami people over the years, including a book "Yanomami: The House, The Forest, The Invisible" published in 1998. The Yanomami had had little contact with the outside world. When a highway project through their territory led to a disastrous outbreak of measles, she suspended her photographic work to help bring medical aid to them. In 1977, Brazil’s military regime expelled her from the region after she denounced the appropriation of indigenous lands by settlers. During the 1980s, an influx of illegal gold miners into this region led to more health problems, including an outbreak of malaria and mercury poisoning. Twenty per cent of the Yanomami population died as a result. Andujar played an important role in establishing the Commission for the Creation of the Yanomami Park which led to the Brazilian government establishing a 96,000 km2 protected area for use by the Yanomami.
Her work was supported by Guggenheim Fellowships in 1971 and 1977.
Andujar's photographs are included in the collections of various museums, including the Museum of Modern Art in New York City and the Eastman House in Rochester, New York. A gallery of the Inhotim museum in Brumadinho was built to display her work.
Andujar received a Cultural Freedom Prize in 2000 for her work in portraying and aiding the Yanomani people. In 2008, she was named to the Brazilian Ordem do Mérito Cultural. In 2018, she received a Goethe Medal for her groundbreaking work with the Yanomami.

</doc>
<doc id="56874444" url="?curid=56874444" title="President Thiers Bank">
President Thiers Bank

President Thiers Bank is a broad guyot, which lies northwest of Rapa and southeast of Raivavae, in the Austral Islands. Its summit reaches a depth of . It may have been created by the Macdonald hotspot. Another theory sees in the seamount the endpoint of an alignment that starts with Aitutaki and also involves one volcanic phase at Raivavae.

</doc>
<doc id="56874446" url="?curid=56874446" title="Taichangsi">
Taichangsi


</doc>
<doc id="56874460" url="?curid=56874460" title="Robert L. Bireley">
Robert L. Bireley

Robert L. Bireley (July 26, 1933 – March 14, 2018) was an American Jesuit historian of Counter-Reformation Central Europe.
Life.
Bireley was born in Evanston, Illinois, on July 26, 1933. He joined the Jesuits in 1951, making his final vows in 1974. He was ordained a priest in Germany in 1964.
He took degrees in Latin and History from Loyola University Chicago, in Philosophy from West Baden College in Indiana, and in Theology from Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology in Frankfurt am Main. In 1972 he completed a doctorate in History at Harvard University. He taught at Loyola University Chicago for 45 years.
Bireley received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1982. He served as president of the American Catholic Historical Association (2008) and on the editorial boards of the "Catholic Historical Review" (1979–85) and "Renaissance Quarterly" (2000-3).
He died on March 14, 2018, in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="56874471" url="?curid=56874471" title="Hiblah">
Hiblah


</doc>
<doc id="56874475" url="?curid=56874475" title="David A. Taylor">
David A. Taylor

David A. Taylor (born 1961) is an American author and filmmaker on topics in history and science.
Taylor's books include "Ginseng, the Divine Root" (Algonquin) and "Soul of a People: The WPA Writers’ Project Uncovers Depression America" (Wiley), which the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" ranked among the Best Books of 2009.
Taylor has written articles for the "Washington Post", "Smithsonian magazine", "Science", "Microbe", "National Geographic", and "Washingtonian". He has written scripts for National Geographic Channel, PBS, Discovery and Smithsonian Channels.
Biography.
Taylor's first book, "Ginseng, the Divine Root", was published by Algonquin Books in June 2006. The "Boston Globe" called it "fantastic" and "one of those rare works that remind us what an endlessly surprising place the world is by revealing the drama concentrated in the past and present of one plant." "Library Journal" dubbed it "a fascinating tour" from "a master storyteller," and "Publishers Weekly" called it "an intelligent, wide-ranging account."
Taylor's second nonfiction book, "Soul of a People: The WPA Writers’ Project Uncovers Depression America", published by Wiley &amp; Sons in February 2009, was named an Amazon Book of the Month and a finalist in the Library of Virginia Literary Awards. The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" called the book "the place to start learning about that remarkable era" and ranked the book among the Best Books of 2009. According to the "Southern Cultures" reviewer, "The result of Taylor's curiosity is an accessible, straightforward glimpse into some of the most important American writers of the 1930s and 1940s. In the process of recounting their adventures, Taylor demonstrates how these writers shaped the way Americans tell their histories." NPR featured the book on "All Things Considered", and anthology editors Frank W. Thackeray and John E. Findling called "Soul of a People" "an entertaining and informative look at the U.S. writers who participated in this Depression era government project. Revealing about both the writers and the condition of the United States at that time."
"Publishers Weekly" called Taylor's 2012 collaboration with Mark Collins Jenkins, an illustrated National Geographic book about the War of 1812, "an engaging series of narratives filled with fascinating historical flotsam" and said the authors "seldom engage in cheerleading, offering instead a captivating story."
Taylor's 2018 book, "Cork Wars: Intrigue and Industry in World War II", published by Johns Hopkins University Press, as Grady Harp wrote in the "San Francisco Review of Books", "reads like a thriller … particularly timely as we step lightly though portents of possible similar corruption and conspiracy. Brilliant writing!" Historian Douglas Brinkley called "Cork Wars" "a marvelous history," adding, "Taylor gives a vivid slice of life from that time that speaks to ours. A landmark achievement." In the Washington Independent Review of Books Cathy Alter wrote, "As he demonstrated with his previous book, "Ginseng, the Divine Root", Taylor has a knack for taking unsung heroes and elevating them to star status." Alter called "Soul of a People" "a humane and seminal accounting of our country, not unlike Studs Terkel's "Working.""
Taylor writes articles for "Smithsonian" magazine and teaches in the Science Writing certificate program at Johns Hopkins University.
Documentaries and television.
In the 1990s, Taylor began writing for television and documentary films. After writing for television series including "Great Castles of Europe" and the "F.B.I. Files", he ventured into long-form documentary, serving as a creative consultant with Spark Media for the 2002 PBS documentary, "Partners of the Heart", about racism and a pioneering partnership in medicine.
Taylor was the lead writer and co-producer on the documentary film based on his book, "Soul of a People: Writing America’s Story", which was broadcast on Smithsonian Channel in October 2009. Directed by Andrea Kalin and produced by Spark Media, the film garnered a Writers Guild of America Awards nomination for best documentary (non-current affairs), and received a Cine Best of DC award.
The view of the WPA experience of writers and artists during the Depression in "Soul of a People" provided a springboard for writers at the start of the 2020 COVID-19 shutdown to consider potential large-scale responses to the economic crisis. David Kipen in the "Los Angeles Times" called the film "a moving documentary," and quoted Taylor on the contrasts with the present: "We could try different models like start-ups with an eye for what might come out of this crisis. … But it would likely have more private and philanthropic partners." Taylor suggested the new version might create in newer mediums, like podcasts.
Ryan Prior, writing for CNN Arts, noted the writers profiled in "Soul of a People"—Richard Wright, Zora Neale Hurston, Ralph Ellison and Saul Bellow—and the impact of the Federal Writers' Project on their later careers and on American culture. Prior noted the reaction given by Nelson Algren: "Had it not been for the Project, the suicide rate would have been much higher. It gave new life to people who had thought their lives were over."
In the "Chicago Tribune", Chris Borrelli pointed out that President Franklin Roosevelt had established the WPA with an executive order, and that by the late 1930s about 75,000 Chicagoans were working for the federal agency. He quotes Taylor on how that provided a talent incubator that catalyzed Chicago as a cultural driver even after the Depression ended. "Because of temperament perhaps, because unemployment had hit Chicago hard, because of the range of talent, and because those just out of college who needed jobs were thrown alongside veteran artists out of work, Chicago enormously benefited," Taylor said, those innovations fueled American culture for decades.
Short fiction.
Taylor's short story collection, "Success: Stories", received the 2008 Washington Writers Publishing House Award for Fiction. StorySouth wrote that the book's "fourteen superbly-crafted tales . . . explore the most vital crises of existence, when human emotions—desire and isolation, suspicion and jealousy—boil over, leaving in their wake exquisite failure and a conflict that blooms in complexity every time the reader revisits it." "Publishers Weekly" wrote that Taylor's stories "uncover gentle irony in the commonly held notion of a successful life." In "Washington City Paper", Mark Athitakis wrote that Taylor's skills included "tight, convincing dialogue, and an eye for apt metaphors within the places his characters inhabit."
Taylor's stories have appeared in literary journals including "Gargoyle", "Potomac Review", "Jabberwock", "Barrelhouse," and "Rio Grande Review", and in the anthologies "Stress City" and "Eclectica's Best Fiction."
Personal life.
Taylor was born in 1961 and grew up in Alexandria, VA. His father, William Taylor, was an army engineer felled by polio in his twenties in the early 1950s. He returned to work for the government after years of physical therapy. During David's early childhood, William Taylor worked at NASA on projects to track Soviet space plans, survey the moon's surface, and helped to design the lunar rover.
David Taylor received a bachelor's degree in English "cum laude" from Davidson College. He is married and lives in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="56874476" url="?curid=56874476" title="Borden County High School (Texas)">
Borden County High School (Texas)


</doc>
<doc id="56874482" url="?curid=56874482" title="Long Beach State rugby field">
Long Beach State rugby field


</doc>
<doc id="56874489" url="?curid=56874489" title="Matti settlement">
Matti settlement


</doc>
<doc id="56874490" url="?curid=56874490" title="Shakar dokht Jafari">
Shakar dokht Jafari


</doc>
<doc id="56874493" url="?curid=56874493" title="Shakar Jafari">
Shakar Jafari


</doc>
<doc id="56874503" url="?curid=56874503" title="Georg Heinrich von Weizsäcker">
Georg Heinrich von Weizsäcker


</doc>
<doc id="56874513" url="?curid=56874513" title="Davies Chisopa">
Davies Chisopa

Davies Chisopa (born 23 June 1973) is a Zambian politician. He is currently Member of the National Assembly for Mkushi South.
Biography.
Chisopa contested the 2011 general elections as the Patriotic Front candidate in Mkushi South, but was defeated by the incumbent MP, Sydney Chisanga of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy, who received 61% of the vote. However, Chisopa contested the results at the Supreme Court, claiming there had been electoral malpractice. The Supreme Court annulled the results and a by-election was held on 11 September 2014, in which Chisopa was elected to the National Assembly with a majority of 810 votes. In February 2015 he was appointed Minister for Central Province.
Chisopa was re-elected in the 2016 general elections, defeating Chisanga by 97 votes. In October 2017 he became a member of the Committee on National Economy, Trade and Labour Matters and the Committee on Local Government Accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="56874514" url="?curid=56874514" title="Salih Muslim Muhammad">
Salih Muslim Muhammad


</doc>
<doc id="56874520" url="?curid=56874520" title="Weekend for Three">
Weekend for Three


</doc>
<doc id="56874522" url="?curid=56874522" title="Sashko Dikov">
Sashko Dikov

Sashko Dikov (, born 18 August 1955) is a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874533" url="?curid=56874533" title="Why Johnny Can't Read">
Why Johnny Can't Read

Why Johnny Can't Read—And What You Can Do About It is a 1955 book-length exposé on American reading education by Rudolf Flesch. It was an immediate bestseller for 37 weeks and became an educational cause célèbre.

</doc>
<doc id="56874539" url="?curid=56874539" title="Walter Dei Vecchi">
Walter Dei Vecchi

Walter Dei Vecchi (born 22 March 1956) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874567" url="?curid=56874567" title="Antoni Naudi">
Antoni Naudi

Antoni Naudi Casal (born 5 September 1951) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed in the men's slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56874569" url="?curid=56874569" title="Reid Park (Riverside, California)">
Reid Park (Riverside, California)


</doc>
<doc id="56874595" url="?curid=56874595" title="Zapatourism">
Zapatourism


</doc>
<doc id="56874604" url="?curid=56874604" title="Mean shortest distance">
Mean shortest distance


</doc>
<doc id="56874608" url="?curid=56874608" title="Ideal Scout (Portland, Oregon)">
Ideal Scout (Portland, Oregon)


</doc>
<doc id="56874609" url="?curid=56874609" title="The Ideal Scout (Portland, Oregon)">
The Ideal Scout (Portland, Oregon)


</doc>
<doc id="56874632" url="?curid=56874632" title="Substance 33">
Substance 33


</doc>
<doc id="56874635" url="?curid=56874635" title="The Mid-Knights">
The Mid-Knights

The Mid-Knights, also known as Richie Knight and the Mid-Knights, was a Canadian rhythm and blues band, active in the 1960s. Part of the Toronto Sound scene of that era, the band are best remembered for their single "Charlena", which was a number-one hit on the CHUM Chart for two weeks in 1963.
History.
The "Mid-Knights" band was formed and named in 1959 by saxophonist and poet James Leo Donoghue. His close friend from De La Salle “Oaklands” College, Toronto, George Semkiw, guitarist, joined him, followed by Jim Gwilliams on drums, and guitarist John McCanliss. Richard Hubbard later joined the band as vocalist and Barry Lloyd was added at the piano where he later switched to Organ. The band was popular and successful from the start, playing at dance halls in Toronto and surrounding towns. In 1961 Donoghue submitted a tape of the Mid-Knights playing ‘Summertime’ to jazz pianist Oscar Petersen’s ASCM (Advanced School of Contemporary Music) and won a partial scholarship. He quit Grade 13 at TCI (Thistletown Collegiate Institute) to attend the ASCM. At this time the "Mid-Knights" band was playing on weekends only as most of the musicians were still in high school.  After a brief time at Petersen’s school, due to a lack of finances, Donoghue had to leave his band and the ASCM and join a Canadian band working full-time in Michigan. Under the stewardship of Semkiw the “Mid-Knights” band went on to ever increasing success, ultimately branding itself “Richie Knight and the Mid-Knights”, undergoing changes in musicians over the years. 
Donoghue’s poetry appears in "Anvil Blood", York University, Edited by Irving Layton; also in the 1979 anthology "Childhood and Youth in Canadian Literature", published by The Macmillan Company of Canada, Edited by M. G. Hesse, a resource book used in Canadian high schools during the 1980s. 
By late 1961 the "Mid-Knights" had added saxophonist Mike Brough, bassist Doug Chappell and drummer Barry Stein, comprising the lineup who would be featured on "Charlena". The song was a cover of a 1961 single by the Los Angeles R&amp;B group The Sevilles, although the Mid-Knights' recording was significantly more successful. They were the first Canadian band to have a #1 hit on the Canadian charts.
The band recorded the followup single "The Joke" in late 1963, following which Lloyd left the band and was replaced by Ray Reeves. The band released a number of further singles between 1963 and 1966, although none were as successful as "Charlena". Brough and Hubbard left the band in 1966, and were replaced by Richard Bell on keyboards and Richard Newell on vocals. They changed their name at this time to The Mid-Knights.
Bell stayed with the band for only a short time before leaving to join Ronnie Hawkins's band. The band then added Dave Stilwell and Rick Cairns on trumpet, Jerry Shymansky on sax, Mark Smith on trombone and Bill Pinkerton on drums, recording one further single, "Soul Man", before Newell left in 1968 to join Hawkins's band. He was replaced by vocalists Frank Querci and Karen Titko; this final lineup recorded several songs, but none were released as singles before the band broke up.
The second wave of band members played a reunion show in 2013 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of "Charlena" topping the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="56874655" url="?curid=56874655" title="Richie Knight and the Mid-Knights">
Richie Knight and the Mid-Knights


</doc>
<doc id="56874661" url="?curid=56874661" title="Rehabilitation Counseling">
Rehabilitation Counseling


</doc>
<doc id="56874663" url="?curid=56874663" title="Piano Concerto No 5 (Beethoven)">
Piano Concerto No 5 (Beethoven)


</doc>
<doc id="56874697" url="?curid=56874697" title="Progressive Education Association">
Progressive Education Association

The Progressive Education Association was a group dedicated to the spread of progressive education in American public schools from 1919 to 1955. The group focused on pedagogy in elementary schools through the twenties. The group turned towards public schools and sociopolitical issues in the early 1930s, and launched three commissions into progressive school topics. The Eight-Year Study tested how American progressive secondary schools would prepare their students for college when released from the curricular restrictions of college admissions requirements. The other two commissions addressed curriculum towards the needs of democracy and students, and teaching materials to serve children's psychological needs. After a peak of activity in the late 1930s, the group struggled to regain its position of thought leadership and reconcile the competing interests within the group. It collapsed in the mid-1950s amidst rising anti-progressive education sentiment in cultural trends including political conservatism and anti-intellectualism, school standardization, and emphasis on vocational education.
Origins.
The Association for the Advancement of Progressive Education was founded in early 1919 by a group of wealthy Washington women and staff from private and public schools to bring progressive education to public schools across the United States. Led by Stanwood Cobb, attendees of the first meeting included Marietta Johnson (Fairhope School) and affiliates of the Lincoln School of Teachers College, the Park School of Baltimore, and the Washington Montessori School. The next year, the group adopted seven guiding tenets to drive growth and focus their organization, known as the Seven Principles of Progressive Education:
Elementary education was the group's initial focus, with common interest in the project method and child-centered education. Their conferences and discussions were based on themes of freedom and creative opportunity. Headmasters of small, private, high social class schools guided the organization through the twenties. Former Harvard president Charles W. Eliot served as its first honorary president, a title the philosopher John Dewey would later hold. Towards the decade's end, public school administrators and education academics associated with Teachers College replaced the headmasters as the organization turned to public schools. Likewise, the group traded its focus on pedagogy for focus on social and political issues, as embodied in George Counts's 1932 address, "Dare Progressive Education Be Progressive?" This grew the Association and membership quadrupled between 1924 and 1930 to 7,600 members. The organization's activity peaked in the late 1930s, as membership reached 10,000. In 1931, the group became known as the Progressive Education Association.
Activities.
The Association initiated three commissions with lasting impact on American education scholarship. The Commission on the Relation of School and College (1930–1942) issued a five-volume assessment of its Eight-Year Study, which reported that students who attended thirty progressive, secondary schools with experimental curriculum had fared as well in college as their peers from traditional preparatory secondary schools. The Commission on the Secondary School Curriculum (1933–1940) addressed how curriculum could meet democratic ideals and student needs. The Commission on Human Relations (1935–1942) reported on teaching materials to serve children's psychological needs in six volumes. The effects of these commissions were dulled by cultural factors.
The Progressive Education Association additionally supported two publications: the quarterly journal "Progressive Education" (1924–1957) and "The Social Frontier" (1934–1943, renamed "Frontiers of Democracy" in 1939).
After World War II, leaders of the progressive education movement were less involved in the Association. The group renamed as the American Education Fellowship in 1947, which was meant to reflect their expanded purpose and international reach. They could not, however, reconcile the opposed factions of their membership: those who either sought radical social change or practical school reform. Six years later, in 1953, they returned to the Progressive Education Association name for the organization's last two years. The John Dewey Society supported the Association during this time.
The Association's cause for decline remains disputed. In 1955, the organization shuttered amidst a surge of criticism towards progressive education, in cultural trends including rising conservatism and anti-intellectualism in the political sphere and emphasis on vocational education and standardization in the schools as Progressive Education Association membership shriveled below 1,000. The Association has no archives.

</doc>
<doc id="56874822" url="?curid=56874822" title="Piano Concerto Number 5 (Beethoven)">
Piano Concerto Number 5 (Beethoven)


</doc>
<doc id="56874851" url="?curid=56874851" title="Malfatti's circles">
Malfatti's circles


</doc>
<doc id="56874945" url="?curid=56874945" title="Hitler's Children (disambiguation)">
Hitler's Children (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56874985" url="?curid=56874985" title="Military Psychology">
Military Psychology


</doc>
<doc id="56875011" url="?curid=56875011" title="Dynamic Parcel Distribution">
Dynamic Parcel Distribution


</doc>
<doc id="56875174" url="?curid=56875174" title="Niagara (tug)">
Niagara (tug)

The Niagara was a large wooden tugboat that sank on June 4, 1904 on Lake Superior near the town of Duluth, Minnesota, Lake County, Minnesota after running aground near Knife River. On April 14, 1994 the wreck of the "Niagara" was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The "Niagara" (Official number 18714) was one of the large class of "outside" tugboats that were built for timber rafting on the Great Lakes. They were designed for the lumber industry which at the time was very large. She was built by the Detroit Dry Dock Company in 1872 as hull number #9.
She was long, her beam was wide and she had a depth of . The vessel measured 276.87 gross register tons and 183.05 net register tons. The "Niagara" is significant because of her work in the Great Lakes lumber industry.
In 1889 the "Niagara" was rebuilt and had a new engine and machinery installed. Her new engine was a 56-horsepower fore and aft compound steam engine that had bores of 24 inches and 44 inches by 36 inch stroke. The new engine was built by the Frontier Engine Works Company of Detroit, Michigan. Her new Scotch marine boiler -wide and -high, and it was built by Thomas McGregor of Detroit, Michigan.
Final voyage.
On the day of June 4, 1904 the "Niagara" was sailing from Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan to Duluth, Minnesota to tow some construction equipment owned by Hugo &amp; Tims from Duluth, Minnesota To Lake Huron. She was sailing in heavy weather when she ran aground on Knife Island. The crew of the "Niagara" claimed that the reason for their grounding was that their compass failed because it started detecting magnetic anomalies on the shoreline. Her captain ordered her engine to be reversed, but the strong winds and heavy seas drove her onto the rocks. Huge waves began to pound the "Niagara"; she began to break apart quickly. Distress calls that were being sent by the "Niagara" were heard in a village at the mouth of Knife River. The village's telegraph operator telegraphed the town of Two Harbors, Minnesota to request assistance. The steel tug "Edna G" was sent to rescue her crew. She quickly arrived to assist the "Niagara"'s crew. The "Edna G" rescued the eleven crewmen and two passengers that were aboard. The only person who sustained an injury was Mrs. A. Merritt who cut her hand on a piece of broken glass while she was escaping her cabin.
On June 16, 1904 the Duluth Evening News reported that the "Niagara" was quickly stripped of her boiler, engine, machinery, and iron and steel work, then the pieces were placed the machinery in the Whitney Brother's dock in Duluth, Minnesota.
Wreck of the "Niagara".
The wreck of the "Niagara" lies in four pieces on a rocky slope off Knife Island. The four sections of her hull include: her stem, her starboard side and keel, her port side and a detached section of her starboard side rail. There is no trace of her stern which means that either it was recovered during a salvage attempt, or it lies quite far away from the rest of the wreckage. There is also a small section of her deck is still attached to her port side. The "Niagara" is also a rare vessel because she is one of only two known rafting tugs in the Minnesota portion of Lake Superior, the other one being the "Bob Anderson" which was built in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="56875196" url="?curid=56875196" title="UGC 6093">
UGC 6093

UGC 6093 is a barred spiral galaxy located approximately 500 million light years (or about 153 megaparsecs) away from Earth in the constellation of Leo.
This galaxy is known to host an active galactic nucleus, which is caused by the accretion of matter by a supermassive black hole located at its center, thus causing it to emit huge amounts of radiation and making UGC 6093's core shine excessively. This galaxy is also a megamaser, which means that it acts as a giant astronomical laser generating microwaves rather than visible light.

</doc>
<doc id="56875216" url="?curid=56875216" title="Ulrike Diebold">
Ulrike Diebold

Ulrike Diebold is an Austrian physicist and materials scientist who is a Professor of Surface Science at TU Vienna. She is known for her groundbreaking research on the atomic scale geometry and electronic structure of metal-oxide surfaces.
Early life and education.
Ulrike Diebold was born on 12 December 1961 in Kapfenberg, Austria. She spent much of her high school years reading, skiing, and agonizing over what to major in at the university. She ultimately settled on engineering physics, an area with good job prospects that was also general enough to accommodate a variety of future directions. After completing her diploma in engineering physics (TU Vienna, 1986), she became increasingly enthusiastic about experimental physics while working on her Master's thesis, and ultimately completed a Doctor of Technology (Dr. techn.) in this area with Prof. Peter Varga (TU Vienna, 1990).
Career.
Diebold's first appointment after graduation was as a post-doctoral research associate in the group of Theodore E. Madey in the Department of Physics at Rutgers University (1990-1993). It was there that she was first introduced to oxide surfaces, an area that she would later come to refer to as "the love of her scientific life". Her first faculty appointment followed, at Tulane University, New Orleans, USA, where she was an Assistant Professor (1993-1999), Associate Professor (1999-2001), and Professor of Physics (2001-2009), and also an Adjunct Professor of Chemistry (1993-2009). During this time period, she also completed her habilitation in Experimental Physics (TU Vienna, 1998), held the Yahoo! Founder Chair in Science and Engineering (2006-2009), and was the Associate Department Chair (2002-2009).
In 2005, Diebold and her group were forced to temporarily evacuate from New Orleans, which experienced massive flooding and power outages from the impact of Hurricane Katrina. They were hosted by the group of Theodore E. Madey at Rutgers University during this challenging period.
In 2010 she moved to the Institute of Applied Physics at TU Wien where she is currently a Professor of Surface Science and Deputy Department Head, and retains the title of Research Professor at Tulane University.
Research.
Ulrike Diebold is well known for her influential work in the fields of surface science, materials and physical chemistry, and condensed matter physics. In particular, she has contributed greatly to the understanding of atomic-scale surface structure and electronic surface structure of metal oxides. For her work, she mainly employs Ultra-high vacuum technology and Scanning Tunneling Microscopy.
Awards and honors.
In 2013, Diebold was the sole recipient of Austria's highest research award across all disciplines, the Wittgenstein Award. The award, which comes with substantial unrestricted research funds, is bestowed in support of the notion that scientists should be guaranteed the greatest possible freedom and flexibility in the performance of their research. It enabled Diebold's research activities to flourish without restriction. Other honors include:
Editorial activities.
Diebold has served in a number of editorial roles and on a number of advisory boards for scientific journals. These include:
Personal life.
Ulrike Diebold holds dual citizenship of both Austria and the USA. She is married to Gerhard Piringer with whom she has two sons, Thomas (born 1996) and Niklas (born 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="56875228" url="?curid=56875228" title="Pete Correale">
Pete Correale

Peter M. Correale (born April 20, 1970 in Oakdale, New York) is an American actor, broadcaster stand up comedian, and writer. He currently co-hosts "The Pete and Sebastian Show" with fellow comedian Sebastian Maniscalco that airs weekly on SiriusXM and as a separate podcast. In addition, he was a writer and occasional performer on the CBS sitcom "Kevin Can Wait".
Early life and education.
Pete Correale was born and raised on Long Island, New York. He graduated from SUNY Fredonia in 1992 with a degree in communication, and also played on the school basketball team. During this time, he took a drama class that inspired him to pursue a career in show business.
Career.
After graduating, Correale moved to New York City to perform improvisation comedy and did part-time acting. He debuted as a stand up comic at the age of 24. He exchanged stage time for cooking burgers and mopping floors at many of the clubs he worked in. He released his first comedy CD, "Give It a Rest," in 2013. In addition, he served as a co-host of the former "Bruer Unleashed Show" on SiriusXM.
As a comedian, Correale has worked with Dave Chappelle, Jay Mohr, Jeffrey Ross, and most recently toured with Brian Regan.
Personal life.
Correale lives in Fredonia, New York with his wife Jackie and young daughter Sadie.

</doc>
<doc id="56875243" url="?curid=56875243" title="Batchelor–Chandrasekhar equation">
Batchelor–Chandrasekhar equation

The Batchelor–Chandrasekhar equation is the evolution equation for the scalar functions, defining the two-point velocity correlation tensor of a homogeneous axisymmetric turbulence, named after George Batchelor and Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar. They developed the theory of homogeneous axisymmetric turbulence based on Howard P. Robertson's work on isotropic turbulence using an invariant principle. This equation is an extension of Kármán–Howarth equation from isotropic to axisymmetric turbulence.
Mathematical description.
The theory is based on the principle that the statistical properties are invariant for rotations about a particular direction formula_1 (say), and reflections in planes containing formula_1 and perpendicular to formula_1. This type of axisymmetry is sometimes referred to as strong axisymmetry or axisymmetry in the strong sense, opposed to "weak axisymmetry", where reflections in planes perpendicular to formula_1 or planes containing formula_1 are not allowed.
Let the two-point correlation for homogeneous turbulence be 
A single scalar describes this correlation tensor in isotropic turbulence, whereas, it turns out for axisymmetric turbulence, two scalar functions are enough to uniquely specify the correlation tensor. In fact, Batchelor was unable to express the correlation tensor in terms of two scalar functions, but ended up with four scalar functions, nevertheless, Chandrasekhar showed that it could be expressed with only two scalar functions by expressing the solenoidal axisymmetric tensor as the curl of a general axisymmetric skew tensor (reflectionally non-invariant tensor).
Let formula_1 be the unit vector which defines the axis of symmetry of the flow, then we have two scalar variables, formula_8 and formula_9. Since formula_10, it is clear that formula_11 represents the cosine of the angle between formula_1 and formula_13. Let formula_14 and formula_15 be the two scalar functions that describes the correlation function, then the most general axisymmetric tensor which is solenoidal (incompressible) is given by,
where
The differential operators appearing in the above expressions are defined as
Then the evolution equations (equivalent form of Kármán–Howarth equation) for the two scalar functions are given by
where formula_20 is the kinematic viscosity and 
The scalar functions formula_22 and formula_23 are related to triply correlated tensor formula_24, exactly the same way formula_14 and formula_15 are related to the two point correlated tensor formula_27. The triply correlated tensor is
Here formula_29 is the density of the fluid.
Decay of the turbulence.
During decay, if we neglect the triple correlation scalars, then the equations reduce to axially symmetric five-dimensional heat equations,
Solutions to these five-dimensional heat equation was solved by Chandrasekhar. The initial conditions can be expressed in terms of Gegenbauer polynomials (without loss of generality),
where formula_38 are Gegenbauer polynomials. The required solutions are
where formula_40 is the Bessel function of the first kind. 
As formula_41 the solutions become independent of formula_11
where

</doc>
<doc id="56875244" url="?curid=56875244" title="Evenko">
Evenko

Evenko is a Montreal-based event promoter. The company is owned by the Montreal Canadiens' ownership group Groupe CH, which is controlled by the Molson family. It handles event booking for venues such as Bell Centre, the Corona Theatre, and Place Bell. The company was started in 2002 during George N. Gillett Jr.'s ownership of the Canadiens, and originally known as Gillett Entertainment Group.
In 2013, it acquired L'Equipe Spectra, organizer of Les Francos de Montréal and the Montreal International Jazz Festival. On June 7, 2018, it was announced that a partnership of Evenko and Bell Media had acquired a 51% majority stake in Montreal comedy festival Just for Laughs.
In December 2019, Evenko announced a "strategic partnership" with Live Nation Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="56875249" url="?curid=56875249" title="Yushitai">
Yushitai


</doc>
<doc id="56875251" url="?curid=56875251" title="Works of Elizabeth Murray">
Works of Elizabeth Murray

Elizabeth Murray (1815 – 8 December 1882), born Elizabeth Heaphy, was a British watercolourist. She primarily painted portraits and landscapes of the Canary Islands, where she lived for ten years. She was a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, and she founded The Society of Female Artists in London.
Murray's father was Thomas Heaphy, also a watercolour painter. She first learned to paint from him, and they travelled and painted together. She continued to travel and live across the world, and paint scenes and portraits from these places: in particular, Rome, Morocco, the Canary Islands (particularly Tenerife), and New England. She married Henry John Murray, a British consul whom she met when living in Morocco, and moved with him as he was assigned to the Canary Islands.
José Luis García Pérez has pointed out that it is difficult to know the exact dates Murray's paintings were created, and that because of her travels it is likely she sketched the initial drawings and then took more time to finish them. Many of the dates of her paintings refer to the year they were exhibited—when she arrived in a new place she tended to exhibit work from where she had previously been, so when she arrived in the Canary Islands she exhibited work with Greek and Moroccan themes, and when she arrived in Portland she exhibited her work related to Spain.
Murray created around 85 pieces that can be divided into three groups: portraits, which were the highlights of her artwork; general scenes; and landscapes.
Murray also published a monograph, "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands" about her travels, in 1859. In 1865 she published "The Modern System of Painting in Watercolour from the Living Model", a more technical explanation of watercolour painting.
Selected paintings.
"Pifferari playing to the Virgin-Scene in Rome".
This painting depicts two fife players, an adult and child, and a mother with her son. The musicians are "pifferari", peasants from Campania who play their instruments at Christmas in front of Marian images. The mother looks at her son with her right arm raised to point to the Virgin Mary and Baby Jesus, and with her left arm around the naked back of the child, who is kneeling before the image. Both groups are facing each other, with the musicians on the left and the family on the right. It is a simple layout with a predominance of vertical lines, closed at the top with a semicircle and at the bottom with a horizontal line.
It is an Italian scene, given the presence of the pifferari and the use of "Rome" in the title of the work. It emphasises the nature of Rome as the hub of Catholicism, which is why the Christogram I.H.S. is drawn on the back wall.
The work is undated, but it was reproduced in an edition of "The Illustrated London News" published on 26 March 1859.
"The best in the market".
This work depicts a market scene, possibly in Rome. In the centre of the painting is a table with several fruits placed on top of a newspaper. Three characters are in the painting: a man sitting on the right edge of the table, a saleswoman in the centre, and a child with his back to the left; the man and boy are wearing hats, and the woman is wearing a headscarf.
The painting is composed of a vertical axis in the centre, in this case created by the woman; on both sides, following the typical parallelism in Murray's works, are the man and child. The frame is closed at the top by a semicircular arch. This style is very similar to that of her father's, especially in regards to the setting.
This painting was reproduced in the same issue of "The Illustrated London News" that reproduced "Pifferari playing to the Virgin-Scene in Rome", published on 26 March 1859.
"Beggars at the church door at Rome".
"Beggars at the church door at Rome" depicts a varied group of beggars. In the background is the front door to a church, which features a prominent I.H.S. monogram in the centre and an edict on the right side. The main character in the scene is a tall man with curly black hair and expressive eyes who is extending his arm with a hat, to symbolise that he is asking for alms. To his left is a family, made up of a woman who is hugging a half-naked child wrapped in a cloak, and a barefoot girl also with a cloak who is sitting at the woman's feet. To the beggar's right is another group of people who are very different from the family: an old woman holding a rosary and looking compassionately at a half-naked man, and behind her a heavily-adorned Romani girl, whose depiction shows the Victorian delicacy with which Murray painted small details.
This painting demonstrate's Murrays admiration of Murillo, whose influence is visible in how Murray painted the injured young man using foreshortening, showing his back and hiding his face. The old woman's headdress is also reminiscent of Murillo's "Dolarosa" paintings.
"Beggars at the church door at Rome" is also composed around a vertical axis, in this case the man who is asking for alms; however, there is also a diagonal axis created by the Romani girl and the mother with her son. Another diagonal line is created by the young beggar on the ground, whose cane is parallel to one of his legs.
This painting is different from Murray's usual works because, although Murray was careful with the painting's composition, it was a collective portrait.
The painting was also reprinted in "The Illustrated London News", in an issue published on 9 April 1859.
"Church patronage".
"Church patronage" depicts a group of three people: two women on the sides, one selling tickets for a bullfight and the other selling Christian relics, and in the centre a fat priest reading a book and ignoring the women. The girl selling tickets is holding a poster announcing the bullfight, which is equivalent to the edicts that Murray included in the Italian scenes she painted.
The composition of this painting is similar to her other works: the priest makes up a central vertical axis, and both women are parallel to it. The colour of the painting is soft in tone, although but this highlights the intensity of the chestnut in the ticket seller's dress and the blue and pink flowers in her hair.
"Bust of Spanish lady in mantilla".
In this painting, Murray paints the left profile of a slightly smiling woman looking to the right. She is wearing a black mantilla and holding an open fan in her left hand; there is a red carnation in her hair and her lips are painted the same colour.
The colours in the painting are yellows, reds, ochre, and chestnut. The painting has some similarities to the one she would later make of Solita Diston during her stay in Tenerife. It is also one of the last paintings she signed with her maiden name, Elizabeth Heaphy.
"Marruecos".
"Marruecos" (English: "Morocco") is one of the few landscapes Murray painted. It is also the painting she used as a cover for the first volume of "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands".
It depicts a Moroccan landscape, with the horizon delimited by a row of buildings. It consists mainly of horizontal lines, only breaking with the vertical lines of palm trees on the hill. The painting uses chestnut, green, red, yellow, and ochre colours.
"Odalisca".
"Odalisca" (English: "Odalisque") is a gouache painting of a Moorish girl wearing a traditional dress in front of a brown background. It's painted with soft purple and blue tones. Murray carefully paints the details of her subject, especially her jewellery and clothing. The painting is clearly influenced by "Women of Algiers in their Apartment," an 1834 oil painting by French painter Eugène Delacroix.
Murray painted "Odalisca" during her stay in Morocco, and it is one her first works with Orientalist themes. It can be dated to around 1850, and it was exhibited at the Academia de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1851. The painting went on to be exhibited at the Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1962 and at the Casino de Tenerife in 1977.
"Vista de la Orotava y del Pico Teide".
"Vista de la Orotava y del Pico Teide" (English: "View of La Orotava and Teide Peak") is a landscape of the valley of La Orotava and of Teide, the peak that is visible in the background. It features a diagonal composition. The landscape mostly consists of the valley, although in the foreground there is a group of Canarians dressed in traditional clothing and accompanied by grazing animals and cargo. The colours of the painting are predominantly green, brown, and red.
The landscape is known primarily because of the engraving created by T. Picken for the second volume of "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands".
"Alfred Diston".
Murray's portrait of her friend Alfred Diston is very realistic, and captures his personality from his expression. He is placed facing forward, with his body tilted to the left. The painting predominantly uses chestnut and soft colours such as yellow in blue. It is clearly influenced by Murray's father, especially when compared to Thomas Heaphy's "First of Viscount Beresford": both paintings feature very detailed facial expressions.
"Alfred Diston" was exhibited at the Museo Municipal in Santa Cruz de Tenerife during the exhibit "La Acuarela en Tenerife" ("Watercolour in Tenerife"). It was also reproduced in article in issue 1 of "Tagoro", written by Andrés de Lorenzo Cáceres.
"Soledad Diston y Orea".
"Soledad Diston y Orea" is a portrait of Alfred Diston's daughter, Soledad (also known as Solita), facing forward and slightly to the left, surrounded by a border. Soledad holds a fan in her right hand, which is also heavily adorned. She is wearing a black mantilla, and a pink carnation on the left side of her head. The mantilla and carnation are two typical Hispanic elements that enhance the romantic spirit of the time. The colours in the painting are chestnut, yellow, black, and pink. It resembles Murray's earlier work, "Bust of Spanish Lady in Mantilla".
It was exhibited in May 1962 in the Museo Municipal in Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
"Doña Julia Bartlett y de Tarríus".
This painting portrays Julia Bartlett y de Tarríus, the daughter of British consul Richard Bartlett who was succeeded by Murray's husband after Bartlett's death in 1849. Julia is portrayed tilted to the left, in fine strokes and extreme detail, especially in the lace and in the jewellery and the rose in the centre of the mantle. The painting's colours are primarily black, pink, red, and white.
This may have been one of Murray's last paintings in the Canary Islands, since it is dated 1860. By 1859, she had earned the animosity of Canarian society and media, although they continued to recognise her skill as a painter.
"Doña Julia Bartlett y de Tarríus" was exhibited in Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1962 in the "La Acuarela en Tenerife" ("Watercolour in Tenerife") exhibit. There is also a reproduction in the "Nobles de Canarias" by Fernández de Bethencourt.
"Two little monkeys".
In this watercolour, Murray paints a Savoyard girl with a little monkey. The depiction of the monkey is a clear Victorian influence, given the love of monkeys, which were painted by many artists of that time. The young woman looks sickly, and holds the small animal in her hands. The painting includes some new characteristics for Murray: representations of truth, vivacity, and vigor; elements that are similar to other English paintings of the time, such as "The Blind Girl" by John Everett Millais.
Her painting was reproduced by the wood-engraver William Luson Thomas in the "Illustrated London News" on 30 March 1861.
"The cheat detected".
A group of four men are playing cards while two cheat through a priest, who watches the decks of the other players. One of the players is partly crouched, trying to light a cigarette that a young girl with black eyes holds to his lips. Behind the group is a woman who has noticed the cheating and is trying to warn the other players. The faces in this painting are very expressive. It was published in the U.S. newspaper "Portland Daily Press" on 20 February 1866.
"Dotty Dimple".
This painting depicts a young peasant girl, probably between the ages of ten and twelve, who Murray met when visiting the White Mountains. The girl has blue eyes and "rustic beauty", and is wearing a hat with blue and red wildflowers. She is offering grapes from a plate with her right hand, and her left hand is touching her throat. In the background is a mountainous landscape, with a wooden house with two active chimneys on the right. The watercolour was so well liked in America that it was distributed for several years as a Christmas postcard.
"The Spanish balcony".
This watercolour shows two women on a balcony, one standing and the other seated, and on both sides "typical Moorish towers". The seated woman wears a black mantilla and holds a half-open fan; the standing woman is wearing a blue suit and gold jewellery. It was exhibited during Murray's stay in Portland and, although it attracted public attention (especially for its olive and tar colours), art critics from the "Portland Daily News" pointed out some flaws including Murray's way of painting hands, which they described as long and sloppy.

</doc>
<doc id="56875252" url="?curid=56875252" title="Yushi Tai">
Yushi Tai


</doc>
<doc id="56875253" url="?curid=56875253" title="Yu Shi Tai">
Yu Shi Tai


</doc>
<doc id="56875260" url="?curid=56875260" title="Duchayuan">
Duchayuan


</doc>
<doc id="56875263" url="?curid=56875263" title="Costa Del Mar">
Costa Del Mar

Costa Del Mar or simply Costa is an American manufacturer of polarized sunglasses based in Daytona Beach,Florida. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of EssilorLuxottica. Their sunglasses are popular in the sport sunglasses market, and are considered good for outdoor sports practicing, such as Summer activities, recreational fishing and boating. Costa's Baffin Sunglasses won Best of Show: Eyewear at ICAST 2018.
"Costa Del Mar" is Spanish for "coast of the sea".
History.
Costa Del Mar was founded in 1983 by Ray Ferguson in Daytona Beach. By 1986, it was the official gear of the Stars &amp; Stripes team in America's Cup yacht racing contest and quickly became popular among surfers and recreational fishermen due to its sun glare protection. The brand made an appearance in the 1987 video game California Games as one of the sponsors.
The brand was acquired by Essilor in 2013 for approximately $270 million.
In 2017, Costa partnered with NASCAR driver Austin Dillon to create a limited quantity of special edition sunglasses. Dillon won the 2018 Daytona 500.
In August 2017, a new vice-president of marketing by the name of TJ McMeniman was nominated.
The company was involved in a series of lawsuits for "deceptive trade practices". These lawsuits were based on the warranty, which claimed that glasses would either be replaced or repaired for "a nominal fee". The class action lawsuit alleged that the "nominal fee" was just shy of the actual price of a new pair of glasses.
In August 2019 the CEO, Holly Rush, was let go and all department heads report directly to Luxottica. In December 2019, it was announced that operations in Daytona Beach would cease by February 7, 2020 and the rest of the layoffs would be complete by September 2020. Most of the production of sunglasses will be manufactured at Luxottica's plant in Foothill Ranch, California.
Social responsibility.
Costa has a charity campaign called "#OneCoast" that helps victims of natural disasters by raising funds for the Red Cross hurricane relief program.
They also have a campaign called "Costa+OCEARCH", as a result with a partnership with OCEARCH, also intended to raise funds to the non-governmental organization dedicated to protect ocean wildlife.
In 2018, Costa launched their "Untangled Collection". This collection is a partnership with Bureo to reduce plastic waste from fishing nets in the ocean. Bureo collects the fishing nets and turns them into plastic pellets, which Costa uses to created these frames.

</doc>
<doc id="56875266" url="?curid=56875266" title="Du Cha Yuan">
Du Cha Yuan


</doc>
<doc id="56875267" url="?curid=56875267" title="Ducha Yuan">
Ducha Yuan


</doc>
<doc id="56875275" url="?curid=56875275" title="Jay Rodgers">
Jay Rodgers

Jay Rodgers (born August 29, 1976) is an American football coach and former quarterback who is the defensive line coach of the Los Angeles Chargers. He was previously the defensive line coach of the Chicago Bears from 2015 to 2020 and the Denver Broncos from 2012 to 2014.
Playing career.
Rodgers attended Indiana University Bloomington, where he played quarterback for the Indiana Hoosiers football team from 1996 to 1998. In 1999, he transferred to Missouri State.
Coaching career.
Denver Broncos.
After spending 2009–2011 as an assistant coach, Rodgers was promoted to defensive line coach following former coach Wayne Nunnely's retirement after three years with the Broncos. In 2012, the Broncos went 13–3 and won the AFC West for the second year in a row. They would go on to lose in the Divisional round to the Baltimore Ravens 38–35. Under Rodgers' coaching, defensive end Elvis Dumervil made the Pro Bowl.
During the 2013 offseason, the Broncos drafted defensive lineman Sylvester Williams &amp; Quanterus Smith in the 1st (28th pick) and 5th (146th pick) rounds of the 2013 NFL Draft. In 2013 the Broncos went 13–3 again and won the AFC West for the third consecutive year. They would go on to Super Bowl XLVIII and lost to the Seattle Seahawks 43–8. 
Prior to the 2014 season, the Broncos signed defensive end DeMarcus Ware. That year, the Broncos went 12–4 and won the AFC West for the fourth time. They would go on to lose in the Divisional Round against the Indianapolis Colts 24–13. Ware would make the Pro Bowl under Rodgers' tutelage. After this season, head coach John Fox was fired and his staff was laid off.
Chicago Bears.
On January 25, 2015, the Chicago Bears named Rodgers the defensive line coach, reuniting with Fox who had been named their head coach. In his first season with the Bears, they went 6–10 and missed the playoffs, though nose tackle Eddie Goldman made the 2015 All-Rookie team.
During the 2016 offseason, the Bears drafted defensive end Jonathan Bullard in the third round (72nd pick) of the 2016 NFL Draft and added Roy Robertson-Harris as an undrafted free agent. They also re-signed Mitch Unrein and added Akiem Hicks, but let Jarvis Jenkins go to the New York Jets. During the 2016 season, the Bears went 3–13, the franchise's worst record since the NFL expanded to 16 games.
During the 2017 season, the Bears went 5–11, missed the playoffs, and Fox was fired. After Matt Nagy was named the new head coach of the Bears, he elected to keep defensive coordinator Vic Fangio and his staff. In the 2018 NFL Draft, the Bears drafted defensive lineman Bilal Nichols and Kylie Fitts in the 5th (145th pick) and 6th (181st pick) respectively. In 2018, the Bears went 12–4, the first winning season since 2012 and playoff appearance since 2010. Under Rodgers, defensive end Akiem Hicks made the 2019 Pro Bowl, the first defensive end from the Bears to do so since Julius Peppers in 2012. Rodgers received the John Teerlinck Award as the best defensive line coach in the NFL; the 2018 Bears line helped the defense lead the league in categories like rushing yards allowed per game (80) and points allowed per game (17.7).
During the 2019 offseason, Fangio left the Bears to become the head coach of the Denver Broncos and he was replaced by former Indianapolis head coach Chuck Pagano. Robertson-Harris was also re-signed.
Personal life.
His brother Jeff is also an NFL coach; the two worked together on the Bears with Jeff as special teams coordinator until 2017. Their father Randy Rodgers was a college coach and recruiting coordinator for the Texas Longhorns and Illinois Fighting Illini.

</doc>
<doc id="56875285" url="?curid=56875285" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres

The men's 60 metres event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Milan.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 from each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56875293" url="?curid=56875293" title="Tu-ch'a Yüan">
Tu-ch'a Yüan


</doc>
<doc id="56875294" url="?curid=56875294" title="Memorial Park, Columbus">
Memorial Park, Columbus


</doc>
<doc id="56875300" url="?curid=56875300" title="Shaman King Chou Senjiryakketsu 2">
Shaman King Chou Senjiryakketsu 2


</doc>
<doc id="56875302" url="?curid=56875302" title="IDG Capital">
IDG Capital

Founded in Boston in 1992, IDG Capital is an investment and asset management firm that specializes in venture capital, private equity, and mergers &amp; acquisitions. The firm currently has offices in fifteen cities around the world, including New York, Boston, London, Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Seoul and Hanoi.
The firm was the first global investment firm to enter China in the 1990s and an early investor of Baidu, Tencent, Xiaomi, Meituan, and Qihoo 360.
In January 2017, IDG Capital and China Oceanwide Holdings Group acquired International Data Group (IDG) and its subsidiaries, International Data Corporation (IDC), IDG Communications, and IDG Ventures. IDG Capital became the controlling shareholder of IDG Ventures.
In March 2017, IDG Capital completed the acquisition of a 20 per cent stake in French Ligue 1 football club Olympique Lyonnais for €100m (US$105.38m).
In 2019, Hurun Report has noted, IDG Capital is among the top three investors in Chinese unicorns, with 25 current listed portfolio companies now valued at more than US$1 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="56875303" url="?curid=56875303" title="Herman F. Micheel Gothic Arched-Roof Barn">
Herman F. Micheel Gothic Arched-Roof Barn

The Herman F. Micheel Gothic Arched-Roof Barn, in Brookings County, South Dakota, is a Gothic-arch barn built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is located 5 miles north and 3 miles west of White, South Dakota.
It was built for Herman Friedrich Micheel, a farmer who was born in 1873 near Rollingstone, Minnesota, and who built a house and barn on this property in about 1900. In 1920 the original barn was demolished and replaced. Local carpenter Henry Wulbers supervised several others in preparing the materials before the barn was raised. A "shingling bee" was organized to cover the curved roof of the barn with cedar shingles all in one day.

</doc>
<doc id="56875305" url="?curid=56875305" title="Đô sát viện">
Đô sát viện


</doc>
<doc id="56875306" url="?curid=56875306" title="Shaman King Chou Senjiryakketsu 3">
Shaman King Chou Senjiryakketsu 3


</doc>
<doc id="56875307" url="?curid=56875307" title="French Crown">
French Crown


</doc>
<doc id="56875314" url="?curid=56875314" title="Association for the Advancement of Progressive Education">
Association for the Advancement of Progressive Education


</doc>
<doc id="56875315" url="?curid=56875315" title="A Self-Made Widow">
A Self-Made Widow

A Self-Made Widow is a lost 1917 silent film comedy drama directed by Travers Vale and starring Alice Brady.

</doc>
<doc id="56875316" url="?curid=56875316" title="The Association for the Advancement of Progressive Education">
The Association for the Advancement of Progressive Education


</doc>
<doc id="56875317" url="?curid=56875317" title="Behind the Rising Sun (disambiguation)">
Behind the Rising Sun (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56875319" url="?curid=56875319" title="American Education Fellowship">
American Education Fellowship


</doc>
<doc id="56875321" url="?curid=56875321" title="Au Go-Go Singers">
Au Go-Go Singers


</doc>
<doc id="56875339" url="?curid=56875339" title="Heimir Guðjónsson (footballer, born 1969)">
Heimir Guðjónsson (footballer, born 1969)

Heimir Guðjónsson (born 3 April 1969) is an Icelandic football manager and a former player who manages Valur. As a player, he was deployed in midfield and represented the Iceland national team. As a manager, he won the Icelandic championship five times with Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar.
Playing career.
Heimir played his first senior game as a member of Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur in 1986. He won the Icelandic championship as a member of FH in 2004 and 2005.
Managerial career.
Heimir was hired as an assistant manager to FH on 21 September 2005. On 10 October 2007, he took over as manager of FH after Ólafur Jóhannesson resigned and won the Icelandic championship in 2008 and 2009. He won the Icelandic Cup in 2010 and the Icelandic championship again in 2012, 2015 and 2016. For his first nine seasons at the helm, FH finished either first or second in the Úrvalsdeild karla. He was sacked following the 2017 season after the team finished third in the league.
In November 2017, Heimir was hired as the manager of Havnar Bóltfelag. On 23 September he won the Faroe Islands Premier League with HB after defeating second placed KÍ 2–1. With the victory, no team could catch HB even with four matches remaining. After the season he was named the Faroe Islands Coach of the Year. In 2019, he led HB to victory in the Faroese Super Cup and the Faroese Cup.
Honours and achievements.
Manager.
Club.
1 Assistant manager

</doc>
<doc id="56875340" url="?curid=56875340" title="CERH Women's European Cup">
CERH Women's European Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56875348" url="?curid=56875348" title="Mt. Sinai Baptist Church (disambiguation)">
Mt. Sinai Baptist Church (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56875352" url="?curid=56875352" title="Kerno, New South Wales">
Kerno, New South Wales

Kerno at 31°02′27″S 142°59′34″E in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales. .
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="56875357" url="?curid=56875357" title="Thirty-School Study">
Thirty-School Study


</doc>
<doc id="56875383" url="?curid=56875383" title="The Au Go-Go Singers">
The Au Go-Go Singers


</doc>
<doc id="56875385" url="?curid=56875385" title="Josephine Willson Bruce">
Josephine Willson Bruce


</doc>
<doc id="56875386" url="?curid=56875386" title="Chris Griffiths (dermatologist)">
Chris Griffiths (dermatologist)

Christopher Ernest Maitland Griffiths (born June 1954) is Foundation Professor of Dermatology at the University of Manchester, Director of the Manchester Centre for Dermatology Research, and Head of the Dermatology Theme of the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Manchester Biomedical Research Centre. He is an Honorary Consultant Dermatologist at Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust.
Griffiths graduated with a first-class degree in Anatomy from St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in 1976 and completed an MBBS in Medicine in 1979. He trained in Dermatology at St Mary's Hospital, London, where he was a Wellcome Trust Clinical Research Training Fellow from 1985 to 1987. In 1987 he became a research fellow in Dermatology at the University of Michigan, becoming an Assistant Professor from 1989 to 1993. He founded the Manchester Dermatopharmacology Unit and the Manchester Psoriasis Service in 1994, and co-founded the International Psoriasis Council in 2004. He was President of the British Association of Dermatologists from 2004 to 2005.
He is a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences and an elected Member of Academia Europaea. He was awarded the Sir Archibald Gray Medal for outstanding service to British Dermatology in 2015, and the Society of Cosmetic Scientists' Medal in 2016. He was made an OBE in the 2018 New Year Honours, for services to dermatology. He has an h-index of 113.

</doc>
<doc id="56875391" url="?curid=56875391" title="Oliver and Lucy Bonnell Gothic Arch Roofed Barn">
Oliver and Lucy Bonnell Gothic Arch Roofed Barn

The Oliver and Lucy Bonnell Gothic Arch Roofed Barn in Park County, Montana, or simply the Bonnell Barn, is a Gothic-arch barn which was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
It is visible from as far as away, overlooking the confluence of Falls Creek and the Shields River. It is about southeast of the town Clyde Park.
It was deemed notable as "an excellent and rare example" of a Gothic arched-roof barn, the only one in Park County and one of only 10 known in Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="56875392" url="?curid=56875392" title="Josephine Bruce">
Josephine Bruce


</doc>
<doc id="56875394" url="?curid=56875394" title="Gate 2">
Gate 2


</doc>
<doc id="56875398" url="?curid=56875398" title="Gothic Arch Roofed Barn">
Gothic Arch Roofed Barn


</doc>
<doc id="56875401" url="?curid=56875401" title="Lookalike audience">
Lookalike audience

A lookalike audience is a group of social network members who are determined as sharing characteristics with another group of members. In the digital advertising age, it refers to a new targeting tool for digital marketing, first initiated by Facebook, which helps to reach potential customers online who are likely to share similar interests and behaviors with existing customers. Since Facebook debuted this feature in 2013, additional advertising platforms have followed suit, including Google Ads, Outbrain, Taboola, LinkedIn Ads and others.
Considerations.
Lookalike audiences anatomize existing customers and their user profiles to find the commonalities between the existing audience. This helps to find highly-qualified customers who previously would have been difficult to identify and reach. This expands the potential audience in different countries and applies to new differentiated audience segments; This approach saves time and lowers advertising costs for the acquisition of a new audience.
In order to be effective, a lookalike audience seed needs to be homogeneous. This is commonly achieved using a consistent behavioral pattern. The homogeneity of the lookalike seed has a greater influence on the audience's effectiveness than the size of this sample group. In Facebook, the minimal lookalike seed size is 100 users from the same country. Facebook generally recommends creating a seed from an audience of 1,000 to 5,000 users.
Lookalike audiences might have limited effects on small companies or startups because of the small sample size of their existing audience, which would inevitably lead to insufficient data drawn from the current audience and interference from outliers. Namely, there would be no high bounce rate with these companies' websites.
Examples of seeds.
Marketers use many data sources to create lookalike seeds. Some examples of eCommerce lookalike seeds include:
Methodology.
Facebook, as an example, takes three steps to build a lookalike audience:
Debate.
One study has shown that the tool of lookalike audiences, to some degrees, does well in generally advertising results. It is also listed as an important trend of pay-per-click (PPC) by Delhi School of Internet Marketing. However, debates over such a third party behavioral targeting being used for digital marketing hasn't stopped either, because using the data of customers is against online privacy settings.
In 2019, limitations were put in place by Facebook to stop discriminatory targeting of audiences according to zip code, income levels and demographics (age and gender).

</doc>
<doc id="56875403" url="?curid=56875403" title="Governors of Jersey">
Governors of Jersey


</doc>
<doc id="56875404" url="?curid=56875404" title="Sara Iredell">
Sara Iredell


</doc>
<doc id="56875409" url="?curid=56875409" title="Cheena Marie Lo">
Cheena Marie Lo

Cheena Marie Lo is a poet working in Oakland, California, and a graduate of Mills College. They were born in the Philippines. Lo identifies as genderqueer. Cheena Marie Lo is a founding editor, along with Tessa Micaela Landreau-Grasmuck and Zoe Tuck, of "HOLD: a journal".

</doc>
<doc id="56875411" url="?curid=56875411" title="Sara Louise Iredell">
Sara Louise Iredell


</doc>
<doc id="56875422" url="?curid=56875422" title="Sara Hussein Akbar">
Sara Hussein Akbar


</doc>
<doc id="56875432" url="?curid=56875432" title="Dare the Schools">
Dare the Schools


</doc>
<doc id="56875438" url="?curid=56875438" title="Ari Banias">
Ari Banias

Ari Banias is an American poet.
Personal life.
Banias was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Chicago. He currently lives in Berkeley, CA.
Career.
Banias received a BA from Sarah Lawrence College and his MFA in poetry from Hunter College.
He published his first book of poetry, "Anybody," in 2016. "Anybody" was nominated for the PEN American Literary Award. Banias's work has been featured in "Troubling the Line: Trans and Genderqueer Poetry and Poetics", "American Poetry Review", "Boston Review", and "POETRY."
Banias has received the fellowships from The Wisconsin Institute for Creative Writing, the New York Foundation for the Arts, the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown, and Stanford University.
Works.
"Anybody" (W.W. Norton, 2016)
"What's Personal is Being Here With All of You" (Portable Press @ Yo-Yo Labs)

</doc>
<doc id="56875439" url="?curid=56875439" title="Small craft warning">
Small craft warning


</doc>
<doc id="56875447" url="?curid=56875447" title="George Obendorf Gothic Arch Truss Barn">
George Obendorf Gothic Arch Truss Barn

The George Obendorf Gothic Arch Truss Barn is a Gothic-arch barn built in 1915 from a Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co. kit. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It is located at the rear of the George Obendorf farm complex in Canyon County, Idaho about north of Wilder.
It is in plan and rests on a concrete foundation. Its components were pre-manufactured by Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co., shipped to Wilder, and assembled by local carpenters and the Obendorf family.

</doc>
<doc id="56875448" url="?curid=56875448" title="HSBC Offshore">
HSBC Offshore


</doc>
<doc id="56875455" url="?curid=56875455" title="Brian Keith Jackson">
Brian Keith Jackson

Brian Keith Jackson (born 1968), is an American novelist, essayist and culture writer based in Harlem, New York.
Early life and education.
Jackson was raised in Monroe, Louisiana, the only child of a middle-class family. He and was influenced by the compassion and wisdoms bequeathed to him by his great-grandmother, whom he knew personally and who survived the end of slavery. He earned a bachelor's degree, studying journalism, from University of Louisiana in Monroe. After graduating Jackson moved to Flint, Michigan in and began working on a newspaper there.
Career.
Jackson moved to New York in 1990 with hopes of becoming an actor. He became frustrated with the roles available to him and began playwriting to create the roles he was looking for. The first time he incorporated gay characters into his writing was in his plays, unpacking the characters as part of communities and relatable rather than a stereotypical trope. His plays were performed and read at Nuyorican Poets Cafe, La Mama, Barnes and Noble and Theatre for the New City.
Jackson has written for New York Magazine, Paper Magazine, The London Observer, Nylon Magazine and various publications about art and contemporary culture. He gleans inspiration from everyday things. He began writing novels in order to "cut out the middle man" and have direct impact and trust with his audience.
Inspired by Jackson's great-grandmother's rural Southern experience, he wrote his first novel in 1997, at age 29, "The View From Here" (1997), which was set in 1950s Mississippi. It was compared to Alice Walker's The Color Purple and translated to French and a best seller in South Africa.
"Walking Through Mirrors" (1998), Jackson's second novel, is about a Black photographer returning to his home in Louisiana from New York.
Jackson wrote his "The Queen of Harlem", before the Harlem's redevelopment about a man who reclaims his Black identity. It was on the artist Kehinde Wiley's ten favorite books in 2016.
Awards.
Jackson's first novel was completed with a fellowship from Art Matters Foundation and it won the American Library Association Black Caucus' First Fiction Award. He won a fellowship from the Millay Colony of the Arts.
Personal life.
When Jackson moved to New York he was a model for ACT UP.
Jackson has spent extensive time traveling the world. He has visited over forty-eight states and twenty-five countries, inspired by the idea that his brown skin might blend in better in other countries than in America, with its racially tumultuous past. He lived in Beijing for four years and Tunisia.
Jackson often writes essays for the monographs of his dear friend, artist Kehinde Wiley. He is a frequent collaborator and supporter of artists.

</doc>
<doc id="56875456" url="?curid=56875456" title="Mike Catalano">
Mike Catalano

Michael Catalano (born September 11, 1995) is an American soccer player.
Career.
Youth and college.
Catalano played four years of college soccer at the University of Wisconsin between 2014 and 2017, where he made 67 appearances, scoring 19 goals and tallying 5 assists.
Catalano also played with Premier Development League sides Reading United and Chicago FC United during his college years.
Professional.
On January 21, 2018, Catalano was selected 54th overall in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft by Philadelphia Union. He signed with the Union's United Soccer League affiliate side Bethlehem Steel on March 1, 2018.
Bethlehem Steel released Catalano at the end of the 2018 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56875466" url="?curid=56875466" title="Huánglóngbìng">
Huánglóngbìng


</doc>
<doc id="56875476" url="?curid=56875476" title="Zoe Tuck">
Zoe Tuck

Zoe Tuck is an American author and poet. She was born in Texas, moved to the Bay Area in 2008, and is now living in Massachusetts. She is currently working on getting her PhD at University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Career.
Works.
Tuck has been featured on poets.org, Michigan Quarterly Review, and was published in the book "Troubling the Line" (2013), a collection of poetry published by Nightboat Books. In 2013, she performed her piece from "Troubling the Line" for RE@DS, a segment University of California, Berkeley's Art Museum, BAMPFA, L@TE series. She has also authored "Terror Matrix" (2014), and has an unpublished manuscript titled "Summer Arcana" (2014). She worked at Small Press Distribution for several years after moving into the Bay Area. She also co-curated Condensery Reading Series. She is currently working on co-curating for But Also house reading series. Tuck is also a co-editor of "HOLD: a journal", along with Tessa Micaela Landreau-Grasmuck and Cheena Marie Lo. Tuck is also an editor for the publishing group Timeless, Infinite Light.
Teaching.
She co-taught a class with novelist Laura Moriarty. The class was called Vampire Poetics and was held at the Bay Area Public School. She will also be teaching an upcoming class on ghosts with Zach Ozma.
Acting.
Tuck will be performing in an upcoming film by Brittany Billmeyer-Finn, titled "The Meshes: An Iteration in 2 Acts". In the film, tuck portrays the filmmaker, Maya Deren.

</doc>
<doc id="56875492" url="?curid=56875492" title="Brooklyn Entomological Society">
Brooklyn Entomological Society


</doc>
<doc id="56875498" url="?curid=56875498" title="National Library of Ecuador">
National Library of Ecuador

The National Library of Ecuador (Spanish: "Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador "Eugenio Espejo"") is located in Quito, Ecuador. The library is named after the writer and lawyer Eugenio Espejo.
In 1859, an earthquake destroyed the library.

</doc>
<doc id="56875503" url="?curid=56875503" title="Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador">
Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador


</doc>
<doc id="56875504" url="?curid=56875504" title="Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador &quot;Eugenio Espejo&quot;">
Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador &quot;Eugenio Espejo&quot;


</doc>
<doc id="56875507" url="?curid=56875507" title="Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador Eugenio Espejo">
Biblioteca Nacional del Ecuador Eugenio Espejo


</doc>
<doc id="56875511" url="?curid=56875511" title="Christopher Griffiths (dermatologist)">
Christopher Griffiths (dermatologist)


</doc>
<doc id="56875526" url="?curid=56875526" title="Tsung-cheng ssu">
Tsung-cheng ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56875532" url="?curid=56875532" title="Zongzhengsi">
Zongzhengsi


</doc>
<doc id="56875535" url="?curid=56875535" title="Zong Zheng Si">
Zong Zheng Si


</doc>
<doc id="56875537" url="?curid=56875537" title="Zongzheng Si">
Zongzheng Si


</doc>
<doc id="56875542" url="?curid=56875542" title="For Your Love (Frankie Laine song)">
For Your Love (Frankie Laine song)


</doc>
<doc id="56875543" url="?curid=56875543" title="Elizabeth station (Central Railroad of New Jersey)">
Elizabeth station (Central Railroad of New Jersey)

Elizabeth is a disused train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey. It was built by the Central Railroad of New Jersey (CNJ) in 1893. It is adjacent to NJ Transit's Elizabeth station on the Northeast Corridor. That station was built and owned by the Pennsylvania Railroad; in the era of private operation passengers could transfer between the two. The CNJ right-of-way in Elizabeth is unused, and passenger trains which served the former CNJ mainline (NJT's Raritan Valley Line service) bypass Elizabeth via the Aldene Connection on their way to Newark Penn Station. The station has been renovated and used as commercial space.
Major named trains.
The station was on CNJ's main line and was also utilized by B&amp;O and Reading Railway trains which terminated at CNJ's Jersey City terminal, where ferry service to New York was available.
Status.
The CNJ station suffered from a freight train wreck on November 4, 1972, when a boxcar derailed and pulled several other cars into the canopy. Although the buildings and freight cars were damaged, there were no injuries. The station has been listed in the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places since 1984 and is part of the Operating Passenger Railroad Stations Thematic Resource.
There are plans to redesign the public space and create a transit plaza between the CNJ and NJT stations. Funding was approved in 2018.
The proposed Union County Light Rail, which would have connected midtown Elizabeth with Newark Airport, would have had its western terminus at this station. The station for this line would have been referred to as Midtown to distinguish from the other stations in Elizabeth on this line. The plan has been replaced by the Union "go bus" expressway, a proposed bus rapid transit system between Garwood and the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="56875544" url="?curid=56875544" title="Kneipp Springs Historic District">
Kneipp Springs Historic District


</doc>
<doc id="56875556" url="?curid=56875556" title="Emji Spero">
Emji Spero

Emji Saint Spero is a queer performance artist and writer living in Oakland, California. They are an editor at Timeless, Infinite Light and the author of "almost any shit will do". Their work occupies a hybrid space between poetry and prose, weaving together somatic ritual, performance, and collaborative experimentation. They work closely with other writers and artists, stretching the potential of creative intimacies, sociality, and the poetics of relation.
Career.
Spero authored a book of poetry titled almost "any shit will do", published in March 2014. They co-founded Timeless, Infinite Light, a queer performance art and poetry collective.
Publications.
Armed Cell 12 (2017) 
"almost any shit will do" (Trade Edition) 
"almost any shit will do" (Artist Edition) 
" The Space that Betweens Us: A Talk " 
Interviews.
"Body and Violence", with Gabriel Ojeda-Sagué (Jacket 2, 2015) 
"To Infinity and Beyond: Joel Gregory and Emji Spero of Timeless Infinite Light in Conversation" with Ivy Johnson (The Poetry Foundation, 2015) 
"Spells for Unravelling Capitalism", with Joel Gregory and Ivy Johnson (Open House, 2015) 
Reviews.
"Los Angeles Review"

</doc>
<doc id="56875644" url="?curid=56875644" title="Lefevrea">
Lefevrea

Lefevrea is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is distributed in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="56875721" url="?curid=56875721" title="Equinox-class freighter">
Equinox-class freighter

The Equinox class is a series of related bulk carriers operated by Canadian shipping company Algoma Central for service on the Great Lakes. Two variants of the class have been ordered, totaling twelve ships.
Equinox 740.
The Equinox 740 is named after their length, the maximum that clears the dimensions of the locks in the Welland Canal and Saint Lawrence River. Algoma Central began designing the Equinox class in the early 2010s in conjunction with Finnish engineering group Deltamarin. The ships were developed from Deltamarin's B.Delta design, albeit heavily modified according to Algoma Central's requirements. Elements such as a more modern main engine and a newer hull design gave an estimated 45% increase in energy efficiency compared to Algoma Central's then-current fleet, and the first exhaust scrubber system installed on a Great Lakes freighter was installed to allow the ships to burn fuel oil while meeting sulfur dioxide emissions regulations. The ships measure long, with a beam of and a draft of . They have a deadweight tonnage of 38,540 and a gross tonnage of 23,895. They have a cargo capacity of in five holds. Shipboard power and propulsion systems are built by Wärtsilä, which supplied a five cylinder RT-flex50 main engine with an output of about for propulsion and three 6L20 engines, with output of about each, driving generators for electrical power.
Algoma Central ordered six of the ships, two gearless vessels that require shore facilities to discharge cargo and four self-unloaders, from the Chinese Nantong Mingde shipyard at a cost of CA$300 million. Two further gearless ships were ordered by the Canadian Wheat Board (CWB), with a plan for Algoma Central to operate them. The lead ship of the class, , was delivered in late 2013 and entered service at the beginning of the 2014 shipping season. She was followed later in the year by "Algoma Harvester", the second of Algoma Central's gearless ships, and the first Canadian Wheat Board vessel, eventually named "G3 Marquis" and owned by CWB successor G3, but Nantong Mingde went bankrupt in the middle of the order. When the shipyard shut down, the second CWB ship, "CWB Strongfield", was nearly completed and the first of Algoma Central's self-unloaders was under construction. "CWB Strongfield" was purchased at auction in January 2017 by Algoma Central and renamed "Algoma Strongfield" before undergoing final fitting out at the Jiangsu Yangzijiang Group shipyard. After several months of work, she was released from the shipyard in April and entered service in June. The incomplete hulk of the self-unloading ship was also purchased at auction by Algoma Central and transferred to Jiangsu Yangzijiang for completion. Named "Algoma Conveyor", she was delivered from the shipyard in February 2019 to begin service following her arrival on the Great Lakes in April.
Following Nantong Mingde's bankruptcy, Algoma Central ordered two Equinox 740 self-unloaders from Jiangsu Yangzijiang. The first of the ships, "Algoma Niagara", was delivered in September 2017 and entered service several months later after her voyage from China. The second, "Algoma Sault", arrived in Canada early in the 2018 shipping season.
In January 2015, Algoma Central ordered three Equinox 740 self-unloaders from Croatian shipbuilder Uljanik, scheduled for delivery in 2018, though the schedule later slipped to late 2018 and early 2019. They are equipped with unloading booms mounted at the bow of the ship, in contrast to the conventional location at the aft end of the cargo holds, which gives operators added flexibility in unloading cargo. The majority of the ship's power systems are identical to the Chinese-built ships, though the main engine, while still an RT-flex50 model, is built by Winterthur Gas &amp; Diesel. In October 2018, Algoma Central canceled the orders at Uljanik, citing severe delays in their construction as the shipyard faced major financial difficulties.
Equinox 650.
Algoma Central ordered two Equinox 650 self-unloaders, named for their length, from Uljanik in April 2015. They are identical in most other characteristics to Equinox 740 vessels, particularly the Croatian-built ones with which they share the unloading boom-forward design, although the shorter length gives them a lower cargo capacity, with a deadweight tonnage of 24,900. The first ship in the class, named "Algoma Innovator", was delivered in December 2017, though she was not scheduled to depart the shipyard until February 2018 in order to avoid the most severe weather in the North Atlantic on her delivery voyage. She was to be followed later in the year by sister ship "Algoma Endurance", though in light of Uljanik's financial situation and delays in construction the order for "Algoma Endurance" was cancelled in September 2018. The hull of "Algoma Endurance" remained incomplete at Uljanik's 3. Maj shipyard until September 2019, when construction resumed under the auspices of an independent 3. Maj after Uljanik was liquidated. The ship, renamed "Algoma Intrepid", was delivered in September 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56875763" url="?curid=56875763" title="Extreme points of the Antarctic">
Extreme points of the Antarctic


</doc>
<doc id="56875781" url="?curid=56875781" title="Victor Matizen">
Victor Matizen

Victor Eduardovich Matizen (; born February 19, 1949, Leningrad, USSR) is a Soviet and Russian film critic, president of the Russian Guild of Film Critics (2003-2011), chairman of the Council of Film Award , curator of the site of the Guild kinopressa.ru.
He graduated from the Mechanics and Mathematics Department of Novosibirsk State University with a degree in Probability Theory in 1970.
Laureate of the Golden Aries Award, the State Film Fund of the Russian Federation and the Guild of Film Critics and Film Critics.
He joined the Union of Cinematographers of the Russian Federation in 1991, but in March 2009, at a meeting of filmmakers in Gostiny Dvor, he was expelled from him for criticizing the leadership of the union headed by Nikita Mikhalkov, being the only one expelled from this organization in the post-Soviet period.
In March 2014 signed the letter, "We Are With You!" In support of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="56875808" url="?curid=56875808" title="Beamer Barn">
Beamer Barn

The Beamer Barn in Gove County, Kansas, near Oakley, is a Gothic-arch barn which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
It was built during 1923-24 by farmer Ross Beamer and his brother-in-law Ross Gallion to replace a previous barn which had burned. The first floor is built of ceramic blocks on a concrete foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="56875830" url="?curid=56875830" title="Four Anniversaries for the Piano">
Four Anniversaries for the Piano


</doc>
<doc id="56875848" url="?curid=56875848" title="List of Brighton and Hove Albion F.C. records and statistics">
List of Brighton and Hove Albion F.C. records and statistics

Brighton &amp; Hove Albion Football Club is a professional football club based in the city of Brighton and Hove, East Sussex, England. 
This list encompasses the records set by the club and players. 
Player records.
Top Goalscorers.
Tommy Cook is officially recognised by the club as their top scorer with 123 goals in 209 appearances from 1922–1929.
Bert Stephens scored 174 goals between 1935–1948, however only 87 of these were scored in competitive matches. The remainder were scored during wartime fixtures when competitive football was suspended.
"Competitive, professional matches only."
Most Appearances.
Ernie “Tug” Wilson has the most appearances for the club playing a total of 566 times from 1922–1936. 
Highest transfer Fee Paid.
Brighton and Hove Albion's record signing is Alireza Jahanbakhsh who signed for the club in July 2018 from Dutch club AZ Alkmaar for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £17m.

</doc>
<doc id="56875882" url="?curid=56875882" title="Limyrike">
Limyrike

&lt;mapframe text="Possible extreme points of Limyrike in present-day India" width="400" height="400" zoom="6" longitude="76.28" latitude="10.24"&gt;
 "type": "FeatureCollection",
 "features": [
 "type": "Feature",
 "properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Naura", "description": "Identified with modern Kannur" },
 {
 "type": "Feature",
 "properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Tyndis", "description": "Identified with modern Ponnani" },
 {
 "type": "Feature",
 "properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Kanyakumari" },
 ]
&lt;/mapframe&gt;
Limyrikê is a historical region of present-day India, mentioned in the ancient Greco-Roman texts. It generally corresponds to the present-day Malabar Coast of Kerala.
Extent.
According to the "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea" (53:17:15-27), Limyrike began at Naura and Tyndis; Ptolemy (7.1.8) mentions only Tyndis as its starting point. The region probably ended at Kanyakumari; it thus roughly corresponds to the present-day Malabar Coast.
History.
Pliny the elder mentioned that this region was prone by pirates Cosmas Indicopleustes mentioned that it was a source of peppers.
Misidentification as Damirice.
"Tabula Peutingeriana", an ancient Roman map uses the name "Damirice" to describe an area between the Himalayas and the Ganges River, and uses the name "Dymirice" to describe a region somewhat close to the Malabar Coast.
Assuming possible phonetic connection between the words "Damir-" and "Tamil" (the language of Limyrikê), some modern scholars have wrongly used the term "Damirice" (or "Damirica") to describe Limyrikê. Wilfred Harvey Schoff's 1912 translation of the "Periplus" wrongly uses the term "Damirica" instead of "Limyrikê", because of which the error has been reproduced by several scholars relying on this faulty translation. Actually, the "Damirice" of "Tabula Peutingeriana" is over a thousand miles from Limyrikê.

</doc>
<doc id="56875883" url="?curid=56875883" title="Boku ga Ichiban Hoshikatta Mono">
Boku ga Ichiban Hoshikatta Mono

 is a song recorded by Japanese singer-songwriter Noriyuki Makihara. It was released as a single by Toshiba EMI on July 28, 2004. It is the theme song to the AX drama series "Last Present: Musume to Ikiru Saigo no Natsu" (ラストプレゼント 娘と生きる最後の夏), starring Yūki Amami. The song was later used in commercials for Systena. "Boku ga Ichiban Hoshikatta Mono" was first recorded as "The Gift" by Blue, a bonus track from their album "Guilty". The song was later self-covered by Makihara and released as a single from the album "Explorer" (2004).
Chart performance.
"Boku ga Ichiban Hoshikatta Mono" debuted at number 9 on the Oricon Singles Chart with 22,000 copies sold. It dropped to number 17 the following week, selling 11,000 copies. The single held onto the top twenty one last week at number 20, with 10,000 copies sold in its third charting week. "Boku ga Ichiban Hoshikatta Mono" charted for sixteen weeks on the Oricon Singles Chart, selling a reported total of 81,000 copies during its run.

</doc>
<doc id="56875886" url="?curid=56875886" title="Kelontae Gavin">
Kelontae Gavin

Kelontae Gavin (born March 28, 1999) is an American gospel singer and worship leader who is known for the gospel radio singles, “No Ordinary Worship” and “Higher.”
Early life and education.
Gavin was born in Charleston, SC but raised in Summerville, South Carolina where he began to sing at Favor Ministries, a non-denominational church in Ridgeville, SC, at the age of four. He was a member of Bold Ministries International in Moncks Corner, South Carolina. He attended Summerville High School. Upon graduation, Gavin stated he planned to serve as a minister at the Ark of Salvation Church in Atlanta, Georgia and pursue a degree in divinity and theology.
Career.
He developed notoriety when a 2014 YouTube video of him singing the hymn, “I Won’t Complain,” to a cafeteria worker at his former high school, went viral with over one million YouTube views. In 2016, Gavin was discovered by star-maker manager, Marquis Boone of Marquis Boone Enterprises, who formed a partnership with Tyscot Records to issue the radio single “Higher” in the fall of that year. It was produced by Myron Butler, a Grammy® Award-winning singer and songwriter. The song reached the Top 20 on Billboard Magazine's Gospel Indicator chart in the spring of 2017. The song also earned the singer a Stellar Gospel Music Award nomination in the category of Youth Project of the year in January 2018.
Gavin's radio single, "No Ordinary Worship," reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot Gospel Songs chart in March 2019 while his debut album, "The Higher Experience," made its debut at No. 2 on the Top Gospel Albums chart in spring of 2018. ” The project was given 4/5 stars by Bob Marovich in a Journal of Gospel Music review that spotlighted the radio single. “`No Ordinary Worship' is no ordinary worship song and is likely to become Gavin’s signature song," Marovich wrote. "The most robust piece on the album, it’s a deep southern soul-style ballad that benefits greatly from impassioned singing, sassy responses from the BGVs, and an over-the-top sax solo."

</doc>
<doc id="56875889" url="?curid=56875889" title="Damirice">
Damirice


</doc>
<doc id="56875897" url="?curid=56875897" title="Olivaria Brewery">
Olivaria Brewery


</doc>
<doc id="56875927" url="?curid=56875927" title="Heimir Guðjónsson (footballer, born 1937)">
Heimir Guðjónsson (footballer, born 1937)

Heimir Guðjónsson (born 13 June 1937) is an Icelandic former footballer. He played the position of goalkeeper and played for the Icelandic men's national football team from 1960 to 1965. 

</doc>
<doc id="56876007" url="?curid=56876007" title="Angeli Mulari">
Angeli Mulari


</doc>
<doc id="56876032" url="?curid=56876032" title="Lincoln School of Teachers College">
Lincoln School of Teachers College


</doc>
<doc id="56876062" url="?curid=56876062" title="Progressive Education (journal)">
Progressive Education (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56876066" url="?curid=56876066" title="Calories Don't Count">
Calories Don't Count


</doc>
<doc id="56876075" url="?curid=56876075" title="Francis Peabody (disambiguation)">
Francis Peabody (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56876076" url="?curid=56876076" title="The Social Frontier">
The Social Frontier


</doc>
<doc id="56876078" url="?curid=56876078" title="Frontiers of Democracy">
Frontiers of Democracy


</doc>
<doc id="56876079" url="?curid=56876079" title="Center of My World">
Center of My World


</doc>
<doc id="56876109" url="?curid=56876109" title="Center of My World (film)">
Center of My World (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56876163" url="?curid=56876163" title="The Well-Groomed Bride">
The Well-Groomed Bride


</doc>
<doc id="56876168" url="?curid=56876168" title="Lymirike">
Lymirike


</doc>
<doc id="56876181" url="?curid=56876181" title="Limyrikê">
Limyrikê


</doc>
<doc id="56876299" url="?curid=56876299" title="2018 Manila Pavilion Hotel fire">
2018 Manila Pavilion Hotel fire

On 18 March 2018, a fire broke out at the Manila Pavilion Hotel in Manila, Philippines. The hotel, located in the Ermita district of Manila, was filled with foreign tourists at the time of the fire who were mostly able to evacuate through the hotel's fire exits. The fire, burning on the lower floors of the hotel, sent smoke upward and trapped some employees and guests as it spread throughout the complex.
Fire.
The fire began in the morning hours when many of the guests were awake, enabling evacuation efforts.Fire rescue operations worked to save several dozen guests from the rooftop of the hotel as smoke chased guests upward. Over 300 guests were evacuated from the hotel safely, and firefighters were dually challenged by heavy winds and huge quantities of smoke as they attempted to extinguish the blaze. 19 people were believed trapped on the fifth floor by fire officials, who worked for hours determining a safe way to free them. Employees could be seen fleeing from the building covering their mouths with handkerchiefs to block out the thick smoke as fire burned around the second and lower floors. The fire caused 6 fatalities and sent 23 people to the hospital as it raged for over 9 hours. 
The fire was burning intensely throughout the 2nd and lower floors, creating a challenge for Philippine fire experts to initially identify the origin of the inferno. Firefighters reported that several floors of the hotel were "totally damaged" but the investigation was still incomplete at that time. It was reported that the fire rekindled past 11 am, on 20 March but was soon re-extinguished.
Aftermath.
Officials initially stated that 4 people were killed by smoke inhalation. The death toll decreased to three as Manila Doctors Hospital reported one of those believed dead from smoke inhalation was revived in critical condition, but increased to 6 as more victims were found or died. At least 3 fatalities occurred when casino employees, including security, were trapped by smoke in the casino's treasury room, with the final count in the building ending at 5. 
The hotel's casino operator, the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corp., stated that 3 of their employees had died and two closed-circuit television operators were missing. Director of Manila Disaster Risk and Reduction Management Johnny Yu later gave a figure of 5 fatalities to the press. The director announced the fire's sixth fatality on March 21, an employee of the hotel's casino who had been in critical condition since the fire. 
The Philippine National Red Cross (PRC) responded to the fire, and reported that it was raised to a fifth alarm fire at 10:10 am.

</doc>
<doc id="56876313" url="?curid=56876313" title="Missouri symbols">
Missouri symbols


</doc>
<doc id="56876384" url="?curid=56876384" title="Dymirice">
Dymirice


</doc>
<doc id="56876402" url="?curid=56876402" title="Babcock, Harriet">
Babcock, Harriet


</doc>
<doc id="56876421" url="?curid=56876421" title="Andrew Carlson (politician)">
Andrew Carlson (politician)

Robert Andrew Carlson (born 1974/75) is an American politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 50B in the southern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
Early life and career.
Carlson attended the Iowa State University, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in community and regional planning, and the University of St. Thomas, graduating with a Master of Business Administration. He was a policy fellow at the University of Minnesota Humphrey School of Public Affairs.
Carlson is a project manager for the Minneapolis Public Works Department. He served on the Bloomington Housing and Redevelopment Authority and the Bloomington City Council from 2014 to 2016.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Carlson was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 2016, defeating Republican incumbent Chad Anderson. He once again defeated Chad Anderson and won re-election in 2018.
Personal life.
Carlson and his wife, Kari, have two daughters. He has lived in Bloomington, Minnesota since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="56876459" url="?curid=56876459" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's 60 metres

The women's 60 metres event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in Milan.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 from each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56876496" url="?curid=56876496" title="Suppara">
Suppara


</doc>
<doc id="56876517" url="?curid=56876517" title="Tosh Lupoi">
Tosh Lupoi

Tosh Lupoi (born July 22, 1981) is an American football coach who is the defensive line coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He previously served as the defensive line coach and run game coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons in 2020, the defensive line coach for the Cleveland Browns in 2019 and the defensive coordinator and outside linebackers coach for the University of Alabama from 2017 to 2018.
Playing career.
As a player, Lupoi was a defensive lineman for Cal from 2000-05. He led the Bears' defensive line in tackles in 2003 and earned Pac-10 All-Academic recognition in 2005.
Coaching career.
University of California, Berkeley.
In 2008, Lupoi was hired as a defensive line coach at his alma mater, University of California, Berkeley.
University of Washington.
Following his departure from California, Lupoi served as the defensive line coach for University of Washington from 2012 to 2013.
University of Alabama.
Lupoi joined the Crimson Tide staff as a defensive analyst in 2014 and coached the outside linebackers in 2015. He added the title of co-defensive coordinator prior to the 2016 season and served as defensive coordinator in 2018. During his time at Alabama, the Crimson Tide qualified for the College Football Playoffs all five seasons, advanced to the National Championship game four times and captured two national titles (2015 and 2017). During his time as coordinator, Alabama led the nation in scoring defense in 2016 (13.0 ppg) and 2017 (11.9). The school also finished second in the nation in total defense in 2016 (260.4 ypg) and 2017 (261.8 ypg). Lupoi worked with several players who went on to be first-round picks in the NFL, including DE Jonathan Allen, LB Reuben Foster, S Minkah Fitzpatrick, NT Daron Payne and LB Rashaan Evans.
Cleveland Browns.
On January 18, 2019, Lupoi was hired by the Cleveland Browns as their defensive line coach under head coach Freddie Kitchens.
Atlanta Falcons.
On January 11, 2020, Lupoi was hired by the Atlanta Falcons as their defensive line coach and run game coordinator under head coach Dan Quinn.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
On February 11, 2021, Lupoi was hired by the Jacksonville Jaguars as their defensive line coach under head coach Urban Meyer.

</doc>
<doc id="56876577" url="?curid=56876577" title="Edward and Ida Soncarty Barn">
Edward and Ida Soncarty Barn

The Edward and Ida Soncarty Barn, at 1671 Deep Creek Rd. in Potlatch, Idaho, is a Gothic-arch barn built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
It is located about north of Potlatch, Idaho. It is "highly visible", and about off, from U.S. Highway 95.
It is in plan.

</doc>
<doc id="56876582" url="?curid=56876582" title="1993–94 Combined Counties Football League">
1993–94 Combined Counties Football League

The 1993–94 Combined Counties Football League season was the 16th in the history of the Combined Counties Football League, a football competition in England.
The league was won by Peppard for the second time, successfully defending their championship win the previous season.
Clubs.
The league was increased from 19 clubs to 21 after Steyning Town joined the Sussex County League, and three new clubs joined:

</doc>
<doc id="56876616" url="?curid=56876616" title="Damirika">
Damirika


</doc>
<doc id="56876622" url="?curid=56876622" title="Camp Greyhound">
Camp Greyhound

Camp Greyhound is the nickname of a temporary makeshift jail at the Greyhound Bus station next to the New Orleans Union Passenger Terminal that was operational in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina of August 29, 2005. With local jails flooded, Camp Greyhound was established to "get the criminals off the streets" (Burl Cain, Warden of Camp Greyhound) prior to reconstruction.
Operation.
The construction of Camp Greyhound by the Louisiana Department of Corrections was one of the top priorities in the rebuilding of New Orleans. Sixteen cages of chain-link fencing and topped with razor wire were erected at the bus stop under the canopies to house up to 700 people. Work was done by prisoners from the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola under the direction of Burl Cain. Most suspects had been arrested for looting, others for curfew violation, vehicle theft, intoxication, or resisting arrest. By September 8, nine inmates had been incarcerated for attempted murder. An outdoor cage could hold about 45 people. There was no furniture and inmates had to sleep on the asphalt ground of the bus station without mattresses and had to use an open portable toilet. Food consisted of military issued meals. The facility was fully lit at night with electric power being generated by an Amtrak engine running 24 hours. Inmates were guarded by officers from the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola. At least five mercenary companies were enlisted to round up "prisoners" and keep the jail running. On the Outside, the camp was protected by the National Guard.
The jail had a processing center where inmates were photographed and fingerprinted. The single public defender was not able to offer individual advice; the only option was to plead guilty and agree to community service, or to be sent to a permanent facility and wait a minimum of 21 days for further processing. In the latter case inmates were bussed to permanent facilities.
Apparently the first inmates were placed into the facility on Monday, September 5, 2005. Clad in prison-orange they were not allowed to notify relatives or lawyers, - no phone calls were permitted. A report by the Washington Times from September 9, 2005 indicated that over 220 people suspected of looting were at Camp Greyhound at that time.
Camp Greyhound operated for about six weeks or two months.
Denial of constitutional rights.
The collapse of the judicial system after the hurricane affected people who were held at Camp Greyhound. About 1,200 people, mostly African-Americans, passed through the jail and regular judicial proceedings were not followed violating habeas corpus rights. By the end of its operation, exaggerated reports of unrest, looting, and violence started to be revised and retracted. Indeed, a small number of NOPD officers were reported to have participated in the looting.
A number of reports emerged indicating innocent people being incarcerated for a prolonged time; first at Camp Greyhound and then transferred to outside prisons. James Terry was arrested for "looting" his own apartment. He spent time at Camp Greyhound then at a permanent jail without ever having had access to a lawyer, being charged with a crime, or having a court hearing before his eventual release seven months later. Pedro Parra –Sanchez went through Camp Greyhound on October 13, 2005 and disappeared in the penal system for 13 months. Abdulrahman Zeitoun's Kafkaesque case was documented in the eponymous book by David Eggers. He was released after one month, while his companions were held five, six, and eight months more, - all without due process. Another inmate, Ashton O'Dwyer, an attorney, claimed that he was pepper-sprayed and shot with beanbag rounds while in custody. He was never charged with a crime and his lawsuit regarding his incarceration was unsuccessful. In contrast, a jury later awarded $650,000 to two tourists who had been caught in the system.
In 2009, Dan Berger argued that journalistic routines and uncritical reporting by the media "legitimated punishment as disaster policy" and "suggested militarized policing and imprisonment as fundamental to restore order". In 2011, James Fox from the New Statesman opined that Camp Greyhound was "known for organized brutality, a little-known, near-exact facsimile of Guantanamo Bay".

</doc>
<doc id="56876629" url="?curid=56876629" title="Frank Pike (disambiguation)">
Frank Pike (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56876742" url="?curid=56876742" title="1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1969 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 29th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Svetlana Grinberg and Zoja Rudnova defeated Maria Alexandru and Eleonora Mihalca in the final by three sets to two. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56876786" url="?curid=56876786" title="Bratsberg, Sør-Trøndelag">
Bratsberg, Sør-Trøndelag


</doc>
<doc id="56876823" url="?curid=56876823" title="Lonely Accordion">
Lonely Accordion

Lonely Accordion () is a song by the composer Boris Mokrousov. The song is written in a poem by Mikhail Isakovsky.
Text of the song, the poet Mikhail Isakovsky wrote in 1945, soon after the war. The first song for these verses was written by composer Vladimir Zakharov and was called Harmonist. It was performed by the Pyatnitsky Choir, but did not receive significant fame.
The Song was performed by Georg Ots, Sergey Lemeshev, Efrem Flaks, Georgy Abramov, Victor Vuyachich, Gleb Romanov, Lyudmila Lyadova and Nina Panteleyeva, Vera Vasilyeva and Nikolai Rybnikov, Yury Okhochinsky, Nikolai Nikitsky, Dmitry Khvorostovsky, Valentina Tolkunova, Eduard Khil, Vladimir Troshin, Lyudmila Gurchenko and others. In the performance of Alexander Krivik, the song sounded in the 1956 film The Rumyantsev Case.
The song has been translated into many languages (German, French, English). Under the name fr. Joli mai (Beautiful May) with other words it was performed by Yves Montand.

</doc>
<doc id="56876827" url="?curid=56876827" title="Jens C. Nielsen House">
Jens C. Nielsen House


</doc>
<doc id="56876832" url="?curid=56876832" title="Jin Meiling">
Jin Meiling

Jin Meiling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56876840" url="?curid=56876840" title="Gayle Coats Fulks">
Gayle Coats Fulks

Gayle Coats Fulks (born April 6, 1985) is an American women's basketball coach with the Davidson Wildcats. She played collegiately with the Fairleigh Dickinson Knights. In May 2017, Coats Fulks left Wake Forest to be named the 12th women's basketball head coach in Davidson history. 
In her first season with the Wildcats, the team finished 12-18 overall and 7-9 in conference.
Fairleigh Dickinson statistics.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="56876841" url="?curid=56876841" title="Hung-wu period">
Hung-wu period


</doc>
<doc id="56876842" url="?curid=56876842" title="Hadaka Festival">
Hadaka Festival


</doc>
<doc id="56876846" url="?curid=56876846" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's 60 metres">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's 60 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56876847" url="?curid=56876847" title="Agastiyar">
Agastiyar


</doc>
<doc id="56876856" url="?curid=56876856" title="Batchelor-Chandrasekhar equation">
Batchelor-Chandrasekhar equation


</doc>
<doc id="56876859" url="?curid=56876859" title="2018 FIG Artistic Gymnastics World Cup series">
2018 FIG Artistic Gymnastics World Cup series

The 2018 FIG World Cup circuit in Artistic Gymnastics was a series of competitions officially organized and promoted by the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56876863" url="?curid=56876863" title="Hu Wei-yung">
Hu Wei-yung


</doc>
<doc id="56876866" url="?curid=56876866" title="1969 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1969 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56876868" url="?curid=56876868" title="1993-94 Combined Counties Football League">
1993-94 Combined Counties Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56876869" url="?curid=56876869" title="James Gorman (politician)">
James Gorman (politician)

James Gorman (1874 – May 1950) was a British politician and trade unionist.
Born in Manchester, Gorman worked in a factory from an early age. He became involved in the socialist movement when he was eighteen, and two years later joined both the Social Democratic Federation (SDF) and the Amalgamated Society of Engineers (ASE). For some time, he also held membership of the Independent Labour Party.
Early in the 1900s, Gorman moved to Salford, where he was rapidly elected as assistant secretary of his branch of the ASE. He was also elected as a delegate to the union's conferences in 1907, 1912, 1915 and 1917. But he was most prominent in the union as a member of its Final Appeal Court, which considered the cases of members who had broken union rules. To prepare for the position, he studied the history of the union and its forerunners, and obtained copies of union rules of which its general office was unaware.
In 1917, Gorman began working full-time for the union as its Manchester Local Delegate, and the following year became its Organising District Delegate. From 1911 until 1925, he also served as a delegate to the Manchester and Salford Trades Council.
Gorman was elected to Salford City Council for St Thomas' ward in 1918, serving for three years. He was then elected in a 1923 by-election in Weaste ward, and became known for his campaign for the city to form a civic choir, but lost the seat in 1925.
Gorman stood in Salford South at the 1918 United Kingdom general election, taking a distant second place, with 19.0% of the vote. He represented the Labour Party, but was sponsored by the British Socialist Party, successor of the SDF, and ran a very left-wing campaign. At the 1922 United Kingdom general election, he again stood for the Labour Party, but this time in Plymouth Drake, where he replaced Prospective Parliamentary Candidate William Henry Watkins, who had fallen out with the local party. Gorman was sponsored by the Amalgamated Engineering Union, successor of the ASE, and took 31.4% of the vote.
By 1932, Gorman was resident in Higher Crumpsall in Manchester, and was elected to Manchester City Council that year. He was selected as the Labour Party candidate for Northwich in 1937, but although an election was expected in 1939 or 1940, it was not held due to World War II, and Gorman never contested the seat. He retired from his trade union posts in 1939, and became a Labour Supply Officer for the council during the war. Suffering from poor health, he retired from the council in 1947, and died three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="56876878" url="?curid=56876878" title="Jens Nielsen House">
Jens Nielsen House

The Jens Nielsen House, at 192 W. 200 South in Ephraim, Utah, is a pair-house built around 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is a one-story limestone and adobe example of a pair-house. It was deemed "significant as an example of Scandinavian vernacular architecture in Utah." 
It is an example of what has been termed a "Type IV pair-house", given it has a tripartite plan (appears to have three equal-sized rooms, each with two bays, and an indented porch in the center section. The outside rooms are stone with a coursed ashlar finish; the center section is adobe, plastered over and marked off on the front to resemble stonework. In 1981 the house remained nearly as built 110 years before, with the only significant change being a shed roof frame extension to the rear.
It was probably built by Jens Christian Nielsen, a Danish-born farmer, around 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="56876886" url="?curid=56876886" title="Sydney Chisanga">
Sydney Chisanga

Sydney Chisanga (born 3 October 1970) is a Zambian politician. He served as Member of the National Assembly for Mkushi South from 2006 until 2014.
Biography.
Chisanga contested the 2006 general elections as the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD) candidate in Mkushi South. He was elected to the National Assembly with a 3,778 majority. He was subsequently appointed Minister for Central Province. However, he was removed from his post by President Levy Mwanawasa in October 2007.
Chisanga was re-elected in the 2011 general elections with a 2,353 majority. However, losing candidate Davies Chisopa contested the results at the Supreme Court, claiming there had been electoral malpractice. The Supreme Court annulled the results and a by-election was held on 11 September 2014, in which Chisopa was elected to the National Assembly after defeating Chisanga by 810 votes.
Chisanga contested Mkushi South again in the 2016 general elections as the United Party for National Development candidate, losing to Chiposa by just 97 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="56876887" url="?curid=56876887" title="1999-2000 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team">
1999-2000 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56876889" url="?curid=56876889" title="1923 WAAA Championships">
1923 WAAA Championships

The 1923 WAAA Championships were the first national track and field championships for women in the UK. The tournament was held on 18 August 1923 at the Oxo Sport Grounds in London, United Kingdom.
Background.
After the successful first 1922 Women's World Games in Paris and the three Women's Olympiads (1921 Women's Olympiad, 1922 Women's Olympiad and 1923 Women's World Games) in Monaco the interest for women's sports also grew internationally. In 1922 the "Women's Amateur Athletic Association" (WAAA) was founded in the UK, that year several ”national” women’s track meet were held.
In 1923 the WAAA now organised the first official British women championships in track and field (WAAA Championships). In the US the "Amateur Athletic Union" (AAU) sponsored the first national championship for women in track and field on 29 September 1923.
Events.
The meet was held on 18 August at the Oxo Sport Grounds in Downham, Bromley in South London.
The athletes competed in 11 events: running 100 yards, 220 yards, 440 yards, 880 yards, relay race 660 yards, hurdling 120 yards, high jump, long jump, shot put, javelin and track walk 880 yards. 3 unofficial world records were set: Mary Lines in running 440 yards and hurdles 120 yards and Edith Trickey i track walk 880 yards. The tournament was a huge promotion for women's sports.
Results.
Many of the participating athletes also competed in the 1924 Women's Olympiad at Stamford Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="56876890" url="?curid=56876890" title="1982-83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season">
1982-83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season


</doc>
<doc id="56876897" url="?curid=56876897" title="The Water Dragon's Bride">
The Water Dragon's Bride

 is a "shōjo" manga by Rei Toma which was serialized in Shogakukan's "Cheese!" and is licensed in North America by Viz Media.
Plot.
Asahi, a modern-day girl, is whisked away to a strange land. She then befriends a boy named Subaru, who helps Asahi grow accustomed to this other land. But despite Subaru's efforts, Asahi gets in trouble when she's offered as a sacrifice to a water dragon god! Surprisingly, the god takes a liking to Asahi and decided to make her his bride once she grows older.
Media.
Manga.
Toma began the manga in Shogakukan's "shōjo" manga magazine, Cheese! on February 24, 2015. Viz Media announced during their Anime Expo 2016 panel that they have licensed the manga.

</doc>
<doc id="56876900" url="?curid=56876900" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's 60 metres">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's 60 metres


</doc>
<doc id="56876901" url="?curid=56876901" title="Roughshod (disambiguation)">
Roughshod (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56876920" url="?curid=56876920" title="Frank Pooler (Wisconsin politician)">
Frank Pooler (Wisconsin politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56876931" url="?curid=56876931" title="Aaron Freeman (politician)">
Aaron Freeman (politician)

Aaron Freeman is an American lawyer and politician from the state of Indiana. He has been a Republican member of the Indiana Senate from 2016, representing the 32nd district. He previously served on the Indianapolis City-County Council from 2010 to 2016.
Early life and education.
Freeman grew up in Brookville, Indiana. After graduating from high school, he became an emergency medical technician, reserve deputy sheriff, and 9-1-1 dispatcher. He graduated from Bradley University and the University of Dayton School of Law.
Career as prosecutor and lawyer in private practice.
Freeman was a Marion County deputy prosecutor before entering the private practice of law as the owner of his own firm, Aaron Freeman Law Office, LLC, which he opened in 2010 in Franklin Township. 
Political career.
Freeman joined the Indianapolis City-County Council in March 2010, after being selected by Republican precinct committee members to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of Lincoln Plowman. Freeman was a member of the council for six years, representing a district in the southeast side of the city.
He was elected to the Indiana State Senate in 2016 from District 32, Freeman received 31,173 votes (58.2%), defeating Democratic nominee Sara Wiley, who received 20,184 votes (37.7%). Freeman succeeded longtime Senator Patricia L. Miller, who chose to retire after 34 years in the General Assembly.
Freeman describes himself as a "solid Republican" and a conservative. In 2016, weeks after the killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, Freeman dismissed the Black Lives Matter movement, saying on a segment on "Full Frontal with Samantha Bee", "I just don't think it's helpful to the country. I don't know what their purpose is." The comments were raised in 2020 by Democratic state Senator Eddie Melton, who asked Freeman to drop his reelection bid over the comments, a request that Freeman rebuffed.
After Republican Senator Ron Alting sponsored a hate crimes bill in the state Senate in 2019, seeking to allow judges to increase sentences for bias-motivated crimes (Indiana is one of just five states without such a law), Freeman introduced an amendment that gutted the bill, removing the specified protection categories—race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability—and replacing them with a generic definition of "bias." After the amendment passed on a 33–16 vote, Alting voted against the bill as amended, honoring a pledge not to support any hate-crimes bill that omitted protections based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
In the state Senate, Freeman has been a prominent and avowed opponent of plans for an expansion of Indianapolis's IndyGo bus rapid transit system. In 2018, in response to mass shootings at schools, Freeman called for the stationing of police officers at every school, saying, "We need to harden these targets and we'll put a stop to this." For three consecutive years, Freeman sponsored legislation to criminalize "revenge porn"; the measure was enacted in 2019. Along with other Republican lawmakers, he supported a bill in 2020 to ban local governments in Indiana from enacting tenant protection regulations; the bill was backed by landlords and opposed by tenant advocates. 
Freeman is running for a second term in the 2020 election against Democratic nominee Belinda Drake.
Personal life.
Freeman is married and has two sons. He lives in Franklin Township.

</doc>
<doc id="56876932" url="?curid=56876932" title="1950-51 Yorkshire Football League">
1950-51 Yorkshire Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56876940" url="?curid=56876940" title="1971 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1971 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1971 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 30th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Lin Huiqing and Zheng Minzhi defeated Mieko Hirano and Reiko Sakamoto in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56876962" url="?curid=56876962" title="Speed skating at the 2003 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres">
Speed skating at the 2003 Asian Winter Games – Men's 10000 metres

The men's 10000 metres at the 2003 Asian Winter Games was held on 5 February 2003 in Hachinohe, Aomori Prefecture, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56876966" url="?curid=56876966" title="Ministry of Justice (Chile)">
Ministry of Justice (Chile)


</doc>
<doc id="56876974" url="?curid=56876974" title="2013 Artistic Gymnastics World Cup Series">
2013 Artistic Gymnastics World Cup Series


</doc>
<doc id="56876976" url="?curid=56876976" title="1994–95 Combined Counties Football League">
1994–95 Combined Counties Football League

The 1994–95 Combined Counties Football League season was the 17th in the history of the Combined Counties Football League, a football competition in England.
The league was won by Ashford Town (Middlesex) for the first time.
Clubs.
The league was reduced from 21 clubs to 18 after Ditton, Farleigh Rovers and Virginia Water joined the Surrey County Premier League, and Frimley Green joined the Surrey Intermediate League. One new club joined:

</doc>
<doc id="56876981" url="?curid=56876981" title="Nomen nudem">
Nomen nudem


</doc>
<doc id="56876983" url="?curid=56876983" title="Zaragoza en Común">
Zaragoza en Común

Zaragoza en Común (Spanish for "Zaragoza in Common", ZGZ) is a municipalist movement aimed at "creating, from the confluence of people and political and social organizations, a new social majority to win the city for the people".
It was created in 2015, to contest the 2015 local elections in the city of Zaragoza. In these elections, Zaragoza en Común won 24.6% of the vote (representing the second largest share) and 9 members in the city council. Its leader Pedro Santisteve was elected mayor of Zaragoza on June 13, 2015 with the votes of ZGZ, the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and the regionalist Chunta Aragonesista.
In the elections on May 26, 2019, ZGZ received only 10% of the votes and lost 6 of their 9 seats in the council and the candidate of the conservative People's Party was elected by the council in June.

</doc>
<doc id="56876990" url="?curid=56876990" title="Kepler-19d">
Kepler-19d


</doc>
<doc id="56876993" url="?curid=56876993" title="Pratu Phee">
Pratu Phee


</doc>
<doc id="56876994" url="?curid=56876994" title="Oro eagle dance">
Oro eagle dance


</doc>
<doc id="56876997" url="?curid=56876997" title="Montenegrin oro">
Montenegrin oro


</doc>
<doc id="56877000" url="?curid=56877000" title="Proleta">
Proleta


</doc>
<doc id="56877007" url="?curid=56877007" title="Crnogorsko oro">
Crnogorsko oro


</doc>
<doc id="56877008" url="?curid=56877008" title="Crmnicki oro">
Crmnicki oro


</doc>
<doc id="56877010" url="?curid=56877010" title="Sexual victimization of native American women">
Sexual victimization of native American women


</doc>
<doc id="56877014" url="?curid=56877014" title="Rock reptile">
Rock reptile

Rock reptile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877016" url="?curid=56877016" title="Alan Bonansea">
Alan Bonansea

Alan Leonel Bonansea (born 6 May 1996) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Chacarita Juniors in the Primera B Nacional.
Career.
Bonansea started his career with Argentine Primera División side Lanús. In 2016, he departed on loan to sign for Central Norte of Torneo Federal B. He made three appearances for Central Norte before returning to Lanús. On 1 September 2017, Bonansea joined Primera B Nacional's Almagro on loan. He made his professional debut on 16 September in a home defeat to Brown, prior to scoring his first career goal two appearances later against Independiente Rivadavia. He netted seven times in total for them. A third loan away from Lanús was confirmed in July 2018, with Bonansea joining Mitre.
For Mitre, Bonansea scored five goals across seventeen appearances for the club as they placed eleventh in 2018–19. For the subsequent season, Bonansea spent a year on loan with Atlético de Rafaela; again, in the second tier. He scored in games against Brown, ex-club Almagro, Sarmiento and Gimnasia y Esgrima before the season's curtailment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. October 2020 saw Bonansea again depart Lanús on temporary terms, this time he headed to fellow Primera División outfit Rosario Central.
In late March 2021, the Croatian team NK Lokomotiva announced they signed Bonansea as a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="56877023" url="?curid=56877023" title="The Jaded Hearts Club">
The Jaded Hearts Club

The Jaded Hearts Club are a British rock supergroup and covers band consisting of vocalists Miles Kane (of the Last Shadow Puppets) and Nic Cester (of Jet), bassist Matt Bellamy (of Muse), guitarists Graham Coxon (of Blur) and Jamie Davis (of Coxon's former label Transcopic), and drummer Sean Payne (of the Zutons). They released an album, You've Always Been Here, in 2020, to mixed reviews.
History.
Formation.
In September 2017, musician Jamie Davis formed the Jaded Hearts Club to perform covers of Beatles songs at his 40th birthday party. He initially planned to hire a covers band, but decided it would be cheaper to ask his musician friends to perform with him instead. The band initially performed under the name Dr. Pepper's Jaded Hearts Club Band; their name references the 1967 Beatles album "Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".
Back up guitarist Matt Bellamy of Muse said the band began "as a karaoke joke"; they decided to continue as they enjoyed themselves and felt other bands were not performing traditional rock and roll. Bellamy said: "Going back to that really great songwriting, some of the best historic songwriting ever, and just playing it almost like a jazz band, real instruments, no gizmos, no tech, nothing like that."
Performances.
In 2018, the Jaded Hearts Club played gigs at the Austin South by Southwest festival, in bars in Chicago and Los Angeles, and at a Teenage Cancer Trust show in the Royal Albert Hall. In addition to Beatles songs, they performed songs by bands including Cream, the Who and the Kinks. The membership changed depending on availability, with appearances by musicians including Dominic Howard and Christopher Wolstenholme of Muse, Ilan Rubin, and Chris Cester. Former member of the Beatles Paul McCartney joined them to perform at a 2018 event for his daughter Stella McCartney. In 2019, the band performed a charity show at the 100 Club, at which point the lineup settled.
"You've Always Been Here".
The first Jaded Hearts Club album, "You've Always Been Here," was released in October 2020, comprising covers of classic rock-and-roll and Motown songs. It was produced by Bellamy and recorded in his studio shortly before the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown.
The album holds a rating of 60 out of 100 on review aggregate site Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average reviews". The "Independent" called it a "carefree celebration" and awarded it four out of five. "NME" saw it as "well-intentioned but often unlistenable dad-rock", while "DIY" described it as "fucking dire" and a waste of the members’ talents. 
Discography.
Albums.
Studio album
Live album
References.
10. Live Review of the Jaded Hearts Club performance at The 100 Club on 4/6/19. "musomuso.com"

</doc>
<doc id="56877024" url="?curid=56877024" title="Salapao">
Salapao


</doc>
<doc id="56877027" url="?curid=56877027" title="Diuris disposita">
Diuris disposita

Diuris disposita, commonly called the Macleay River doubletail or Willawarrin doubletail, is a species of orchid which is endemic to a small area in New South Wales. It has one or two linear leaves at its base and up to seven yellow flowers with brown markings. Only about fifty plants survive in grassy forest near Kempsey.
Description.
"Diuris disposita" is a tuberous, perennial herb with usually only one linear leaf long and wide. Between two and seven yellow flowers with brown markings, wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal projects forward and is egg-shaped, long and wide. The lateral sepals are linear to sword-shaped, green and brownish, long, about wide, turned downwards and parallel to, or crossed over each other. The petals are more or less erect, spread apart from each other with an elliptic to egg-shaped blade long and wide on a green stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is egg-shaped, wide and the side lobes are linear to oblong, long and about wide. There are two ridge-like calli about long near the base of the mid-line of the base of the labellum. Flowering occurs in September and October.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Diuris disposita" was first formally described in 1991 by David Jones from a specimen collected near north-west of Kempsey and the description was published in "Australian Orchid Research". The specific epithet ("disposita") is a Latin word meaning "distributed" or "arranged", referring to the widely spaced flowers on the flowering stem.
Distribution and habitat.
The Macleay River doubletail grows in grassy open forest near the Macleay River north-west of Kempsey.
Conservation.
"Diuris disposita" is classified as "endangered" under the New South Wales "Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016". The main threats to the species are illegal collecting, habitat destruction and inappropriate fire regimes. Fewer than fifty plants are known, none in a conservation reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="56877042" url="?curid=56877042" title="Prandtl–Batchelor theorem">
Prandtl–Batchelor theorem

In fluid dynamics, Prandtl–Batchelor theorem states that "if in a two-dimensional laminar flow at high Reynolds number closed streamlines occur, then the vorticity in the closed streamline region must be a constant". The theorem is named after Ludwig Prandtl and George Batchelor. Prandtl in his celebrated 1904 paper stated this theorem in arguments, George Batchelor unaware of this work proved the theorem in 1956. The problem was also studied in the same year by Richard Feynman and Paco Lagerstrom and by W.W. Wood in 1957.
Mathematical proof.
At high Reynolds numbers, Euler equations reduce to solving a problem for stream function,
As it stands, the problem is ill-posed since the vorticity distribution formula_2 can have infinite number of possibilities, all of which satisfies the equation and the boundary condition. This is not true if the streamlines are not closed, in which case, every streamline can be traced back to infinity, where formula_2 is known. The problem is only when closed streamlines occur inside the flow at high Reynolds number, where formula_2 is not uniquely defined. The theorem exactly addresses this issue.
The vorticity equation in two-dimension reduces to
where even though the Reynolds number is very large, we keep the viscous term for now. Let us integrate this equation over some surface formula_6 enclosed by a closed contour formula_7 in the region where we have closed streamlines. The convective term gives zero contour since formula_7 is taken to be one of those closed streamlines. Then, we have
where formula_10 is the unit normal to formula_7 with small element formula_12. This expression is true for finite but large Reynolds number since we did not neglect the viscous term before. In the above expression, formula_13 since this is not the inviscid limit. But for large formula_14 but finite, we can write formula_15, and this small corrections become smaller and smaller as we increase the Reynolds number. Neglecting these corrections,
But formula_17 is constant for any streamlines, and that can be pulled out of the integral,
We also known the circulation in these closed streamline is non-zero, i.e.,
Therefore, we have
The only way this can satisfied for finite formula_14 is if and if only
i.e., vorticity is not changing across these closed streamlines, thus proving the theorem. Of course, the theorem is not valid inside the boundary layer regime. This theorem cannot be derived from the Euler equations.

</doc>
<doc id="56877043" url="?curid=56877043" title="Le Nghi Dan">
Le Nghi Dan


</doc>
<doc id="56877044" url="?curid=56877044" title="Majesties">
Majesties


</doc>
<doc id="56877050" url="?curid=56877050" title="Cornelia Warren">
Cornelia Warren

Cornelia Warren (March 21, 1857 – June 4, 1921) was an American farmer and an educational and social service philanthropist, widely known for her investment in social improvement projects. She was a trustee of Wellesley College, bought the location for Denison House and ran a model farm in Waltham, Massachusetts. She bequeathed her large estate to establish trust funds for maintaining hospitals, educational facilities, community projects and cultural venues in and around Boston, Massachusetts and Westbrook, Maine. She left Cedar Hill, the Warren family home and over 200 acres of land, to her brothers, if they wanted to live there, and if not, to the community. She assigned 2 trustees, one of whom was the famous landscape architect, Arthur Shurleff, to decide how her wishes for Cedar Hill would be carried out. 
Early life.
Cornelia Lyman Warren was born on March 21, 1857, at her family's estate, "Cedar Hill" in Waltham, Middlesex County, Massachusetts to Susan Cornelia (née Clarke) and Samuel Dennis Warren. Her father was a self-made businessman and the founder the Cumberland Paper Mills in Westbrook, Maine, who amassed a fortune and established a trust fund to support his five children: Samuel II (1852–1910), who would become a businessman and lawyer; Henry (1854–1899), who was later a noted linguistic scholar; Ned (1860–1928), who grew up to be a collector of art and antiquities; and Fiske (1862–1938), who would later espouse utopist politics. Warren's mother was the daughter of Dorus Clarke, a Congregationalist minister and she, "a powerful and dominant personality", was the parent who was most often present in the children's lives.
Warren was influenced by her father's charity toward his millworkers, having built family housing units with water and electricity for them, at a time when millworkers typically were required to live in basic dormitories provided by their employers. After 1863, when the family purchased property on Boston's Beacon Hill, the "Cedar Hill" estate became a summer home. As a confirmation that the family had attained the pinnacle of Boston society, they had portraits painted in 1871 by Alexandre Cabanel. Attending private schools and supplementing her education with trips to Europe to study music and language, Warren graduated in 1873. Passing the entrance examinations given by Harvard University, and given that Harvard did not yet accept women, she elected to be privately tutored by George Herbert Palmer and George Holmes Howison for the next three years, rather than pursue a university degree.
Career.
Warren was part of a group of friends which included Emily Greene Balch, Katharine Coman, and Vida Scudder, all of whom had ties to Wellesley College. As was expected of women of her social class, Warren became involved in social betterment schemes, such as the Fatherless and Widow's Society, for which she served as trustee beginning in 1879; the Boston Home for Incurables, of which she became a trustee in 1884; as well as providing funds for educational facilities like the Bradford Academy in Haverhill, Massachusetts, the in San Sebastián, Spain; Robert College in Constantinople; and the Tuskegee Institute of Alabama. After her father died in 1888, her mother inherited the estate. Cornelia took over the management of Cedar Hill at that time, and showed business acumen in the running of the estate, adding a farm, which utilized environmentally friendly agricultural processes and a dairy, which incorporated the era's ideas of sanitary processing. In 1889-90, she and her Wellesley circle founded the College Settlement Association, along with women from other New England colleges. In her management of the family businesses, she drove the plan to establish profit-sharing for the employees at both the mill in 1891 and her farm at Cedar Hill. The plan was devised to increase worker confidence as well as their earnings.
Having written poetry since childhood, in 1892, Warren published a novel, "Miss Wilton", extolling the virtues of both Americanism and Christianity, to mixed reviews. That same year, she became the treasurer of the College Settlement Association and would serve in that capacity for the next eight years. 1892 was also the year that the Associations' Denison House opened, which had been paid for with monies supplied by Warren. The settlement house worked to provide links to education and employment for women and men, and included access to a library, nursery, school, and a gymnasium, the latter of which was purchased by Warren. In 1896, though she had long opened the grounds of Cedar Hill for social events, Warren constructed a maze on the property of Arborvitae for the enjoyment of herself and neighbors.
When Helena Dudley, the director of Denison House from 1893 to 1912, retired, Warren built her a house at Cedar Hill. Dudley lived there until Warren's death in 1921.
In 1900, Warren joined the Board of Trustees for Wellesley College, but increasingly, was responsible for the care of her mother until she died in 1901. Warren inherited Cedar Hill at that point. In 1903, Warren provided funding for a renovation of the Warren Block (between Main and Cumberland Streets in Westbrook, Maine), a building used for social activities in the town. She also equipped the Warren Manual Training School, which provided trade education to both boys and girls, and provided the monies for the community tennis courts and pool. In 1908, she published "A Memorial of My Mother". In 1913, after having served thirteen years on the board for Wellesley, she gave up the post, which her brother Fiske described as the happiest work of her life.
Death and legacy.
Warren died on June 4, 1921, at Cedar Hill (death certificate). The process to pass on her estate and for her Trustees to fulfill her wishes took two years. The Girl Scouts of Massachusetts were given 75 acres of the main Cedar Hill campus, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts was given 58 acres to be used by the Massachusetts Agricultural College (to establish a larger eastern Field station), almost 12 acres were given to the Harvard School of Landscape Architecture (for students to practice making map contours), and land was given to the city of Waltham for schools, open space and/or parks. Warren also left funds to the Waltham Hospital and the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, among many other educational and cultural organizations. She left a trust to provide for public facilities, recreation and education in Westbrook, Maine, which became known as the Cornelia Warren Community Association. Her 1871 portrait is in the permanent collection of the Davis Museum at Wellesley College.

</doc>
<doc id="56877053" url="?curid=56877053" title="Coffey v. Mississippi State Educational Finance Commission">
Coffey v. Mississippi State Educational Finance Commission


</doc>
<doc id="56877054" url="?curid=56877054" title="Emperor Thanh-tong">
Emperor Thanh-tong


</doc>
<doc id="56877055" url="?curid=56877055" title="2018 Wrestling World Cup - Women's freestyle">
2018 Wrestling World Cup - Women's freestyle

The 2018 Wrestling World Cup - Women's freestyle was the first of a set of three Wrestling World Cups in 2018 which were held in Takasaki, Japan on 17–18 March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56877058" url="?curid=56877058" title="Frank Powell (disambiguation)">
Frank Powell (disambiguation)

Frank Powell was a stage and silent film actor, screenwriter and director in the United States.
Frank Powell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877059" url="?curid=56877059" title="Thanh-tong">
Thanh-tong


</doc>
<doc id="56877069" url="?curid=56877069" title="Francis Powell">
Francis Powell

Francis Powell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877072" url="?curid=56877072" title="Guild of Peppers">
Guild of Peppers


</doc>
<doc id="56877073" url="?curid=56877073" title="Freeway lid">
Freeway lid

A freeway lid (also known as a lidded freeway, freeway cap, or highway deck) is a type of deck bridge built on top of a controlled-access highway or other roadway. It is commonly used to create new parkspace in urban areas, but can also be used to house buildings or other heavy structures like convention centers.

</doc>
<doc id="56877074" url="?curid=56877074" title="Francis Powell (disambiguation)">
Francis Powell (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56877075" url="?curid=56877075" title="Lycée Jean-Zay">
Lycée Jean-Zay

Lycée Jean-Zay (trans. "Jean Zay High School") is a public high school located in Thiers, Puy-de-Dôme, France, founded in 1933. It is a general and technical school, specialising in industrial and technical training and offering "Brevet de téchnicien supérieur" (BTS) qualifications and preparatory classes for the grandes écoles ("prépa") in addition to the standard "baccalauréat".
History.
Foundation.
Initially named the National School of Knifecraft ("École nationale de la coutellerie"), then the National Professional School ("École nationale professionelle", ENP), the school is sometimes known to locals as la Nat. It was in 1993 that it was renamed after Jean Zay by the Regional Council.
The school welcomed its first cohort in late 1933. It official inauguration took place in July 1934, and was attended by President Albert Lebrun and Colonial Minister Pierre Laval, the latter of which was from the area and pushed for the creation of the school. The authorities were keen to be seen as promoting local industry, and the creation of the school fit neatly into the working tradition of Thiers. It was the first National Professional School in Auvergne.
Second World War.
The walls of the new school were soon imbued with history. After the declaration of the Second World War, the ENPs of Metz, Nancy and Épinal, situated in the occupied sone, were closed, and their students relocated to Jean Zay. Michel Bloch, a history teacher at the school who was dismissed in the wake of the Vichy regime's anti-Jewish laws in October 1940, went on to join the resistance. His replacement Charles Hainchelin directed local units of the communist resistance movement and was mortally wounded during the battle to liberate the town on 25 August 1944. On 16 January 1947, a plaque was attached to the school commemorating the ten students and four members of staff who were sent to their deaths or killed in action.
Postwar to present.
In 1946, a metals testing laboratory was installed. In 1965, the ENP became the State Technical High School ("Lycée technique d'état", LTE), with classes ranging from technical qualifications to preparatory classes for the "grandes écoles". The school responded to the needs of local industry, but also to the evolution of society, and in 1968 welcomed its first female students. The school was completely refurbished by the Regional Council between 1992 and 2000, and in 2013 the Regional Council had the building's woodwork renovated.
Since 2010, in partnership with the Regional Council, the Direction régionale des affaires culturelles, and the art gallery Le Creux de l'Enfer, the school has hosted artists-in-residence. The artists benefit from the facilities and technical skills of the school and the students gain first-hand experience of the conception and production of artwork. Since around the turn of the millennium, the school has also hosted an art exhibition. There is also a teacher-led culture and design workshop and a cinema club which participates in national and regional projects and competitions.
Location and architecture.
Overlooking the town of Thiers, between the mountainous terrain of the Livradois () and the Limagne plain, the high school is hard to miss, with its white colour and 1930s style. The school contributes to the industrial landscape in which it lies, and it, like the town, is open to new perspectives on the marriage of industry, art and craftsmanship.
The school is located on rue Jean-Zay (which gives it its name), near the corridor linking Thiers to Vichy. At the time of its construction it was relatively far from the town centre, but since the 1960s many residences have been constructed in the area. It is a few minutes on foot from the Lycée Montdory, specialising in academic subjects more than technical ones, and the Collège Audembron, the town's middle school. The "lycée professionel", Lycée Germaine-Tillon, is located further away in the lower part of the town, and complements Jean Zay's expertise in vocational and industrial skills.
Ranking.
In 2017, the high school was ranked 8th out of 21 in Puy-de-Dôme for teaching quality, and 663rd in the country. The ranking was based on three criteria: baccalauréat pass rate, proportion of students in the penultimate year who obtained their baccalauréat having spent the last two years at the school, and "valeur ajoutée" ("value added", based on the social backgrounds, ages, and "brevet" results of the students).

</doc>
<doc id="56877076" url="?curid=56877076" title="Glazebrook House, South Brent">
Glazebrook House, South Brent

Glazebrook House is a building of historical significance in South Brent, Devon. Part of the house was built in about 1650 and was successively added to until it became the present structure. It was the residence of several notable people until 1972 when it was converted to a hotel. Today it is still a hotel which provides accommodation and restaurant facilities and caters for special events.
Early history.
In 1650, a farmhouse was built on the site now occupied by the hotel, part of which still encompasses 3 existing rooms within the hotel (the vestibule plus the rooms on either side – the tasting room and the library). 
It seems that the first major addition to the house was in the early 1800s by William Lee (1768-1837) who was the Mayor of Exeter. There is a rental advertisement for Glazebrook House in 1821 describing it as a “hunting seat or a residence for a genteel family”. Then in 1833 a full description of the property is given. It says.
William Lee was a wealthy property owner who also owned Haccombe House near Exeter. In 1811 he became the Mayor of Exeter and for many years he was the magistrate. He usually lived in Exeter and rented Glazebrook House to wealthy tenants. One of these was John Digby Fowell who in 1819 when he was a resident married Sarah Cumming. 
William Lee died in 1837 and the property was sold to John Lowe, a landed proprietor and Captain in 3rd Lancashire Militia. He died in 1843 and the house passed to his only son Stanley Lowe. He sold it to Henry Kingwell of Great Ash in South Brent in about 1855. Kingwell advertised it as a rental property in 1856.
Later residents.
During the 1870s the house was sold to Gage John Hodge (1837-1892). Hodge was born in 1837 in Pennycross. His father was William Chapell Hodge a very wealthy banker. Gage also was a partner in the banking firm Hodge and Co. which later became Barclays Bank. In 1867 he married Caroline Charlotte Coker who was the daughter of Louis Coker of Bicester House in Oxford. In 1875 his father died and left him a large inheritance. The couple had one son and two daughters. In 1892 Gage died and left Glazebrook House to his wife Caroline. She remarried in 1894 Major Richard Hall Green (1850-1913) of Aston Hall, Aston on Clun. The couple lived at Glazebrook House until his death in 1913. She remained there for several years and then the Cholmondeley family became the residents. 
George Vere Hugh Cholmondeley was born in 1871. He was the son of Lord Henry Vere Cholmondeley. He was a very wealthy man and owned numerous estates in Cheshire. After he died in 1925 the Brunskill family became the owners.
Hubert Fawcett Brunskill (1873-1951) was born in 1873. His father was William Fawcett Brunskill who owned Buckland Tout Saints in Devon. His mother was Annie Elliot, daughter of Samuel Elliot of Mount Galpine, Devon. His father William died in 1875 when he was only two years old and his mother Annie remarried. Her new spouse was Edward Irwin of Derrygore in Ireland. Unfortunately he died two years later in 1880 and she returned with her young children to live at Buckland-Tout-Saints. In 1896 Hubert married Hilda Turner, daughter of William Barrow Turner of Ponsonby Hall, Cumberland. He inherited Buckland-Tout-Saints when he came of age and he and Hilda lived there for many years. The couple had one son and one daughter. In about 1920 due to financial difficulties they decided to sell Buckland Tout Saints. They then lived in Porlock for some time and later bought Glazebrook House. 
Hilda died in 1940 and in 1945 the house was advertised for sale. It was bought by naval commander Algernon Edmund Penrice Penrice-Lyons, the youngest son of Sir Algernon McLennan Lyons, Commander in Chief of Plymouth Naval Base and Admiral of both the Pacific and American Fleets, and relation to Elizabeth Bowes Lyons, Queen Mother (who, it is said, visited her cousin at Glazebrook during his ownership). After he died in 1969 the house became a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="56877077" url="?curid=56877077" title="Svetlana Rozhkova">
Svetlana Rozhkova

Svetlana Anatolievna Rozhkova (; February 16, 1965, Mozhaisk) is a Russian humorist, an actress of a conversational genre. Honored Artist of Russia (August 30, 1996).
Born February 16, 1965 in Mozhaisk in the family of Elena Mikhailovna Rozhkova and Anatoly Ivanovich Rozhkov.
She studied at Russian State Institute of Performing Arts. Graduated GITIS in 1986.
Since the late 1990s, she has been a regular participant in humorous programs and concerts, including appearances on the show of Yevgeny Petrosyan and Regina Dubovitskaya.

</doc>
<doc id="56877086" url="?curid=56877086" title="2018 New York state high school boys basketball championships">
2018 New York state high school boys basketball championships

The 2018 Federation Tournament of Champions took place at the Cool Insuring Arena in Glens Falls on March 23, 24 and 25. Federation championships were awarded in the AA, A and B classifications. Archbishop Stepinac in White Plains won the Class AA championship. Alan Griffin of Archbishop Stepinac was named the Class AA tournament's most valuable player.
Class AA.
Participating teams, results and individual honors in Class AA were as follows:
Results.
Archbishop Stepinac finished the season with a 27-5 record.
There was controversy in the Archbishop Stepinac-Long Island Lutheran semifinal game. With the score tied at 8.3 seconds remaining in the game, Long Island Lutheran called a timeout, but officials determined that the team had no timeouts remaining. Long Island Lutheran was assessed a technical foul. Archbishop Stepinac made two technical free throws to take the lead and was awarded possession of the ball. Archbishop Stepinac made two more free throws after play resumed, to win by four points. Long Island Lutheran claimed it did have one timeout remaining and protested the game, arguing that the final 8.3 seconds should be replayed. Officials acknowledged the next day that the official scorekeeper had made an error, but denied the protest. 
Individual honors.
The following players were awarded individual honors for their performances at the Federation Tournament:
Class A.
Participating teams, results and individual honors in Class A were as follows:
Results.
The Park School of Buffalo finished the season with a 25-5 record.
Individual honors.
The following players were awarded individual honors for their performances at the Federation Tournament:
Class B.
Participating teams, results and individual honors in Class B were as follows:
Results.
Fannie Lou Hamer Freedom finished the season with a 29-4 record. 
Individual honors.
The following players were awarded individual honors for their performances at the Federation Tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="56877087" url="?curid=56877087" title="Prosotas gracilis ni">
Prosotas gracilis ni


</doc>
<doc id="56877090" url="?curid=56877090" title="United Nations International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights">
United Nations International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights


</doc>
<doc id="56877091" url="?curid=56877091" title="United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women">
United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women


</doc>
<doc id="56877096" url="?curid=56877096" title="Uwe Jannsen">
Uwe Jannsen

Uwe Jannsen (born 11 March 1954, Meddewade) is a German mathematician, specializing in algebra, algebraic number theory, and algebraic geometry.
Education and career.
Jannsen studied mathematics and physics at the University of Hamburg with Diplom in mathematics in 1978 and with Promotion (PhD) in 1980 under Helmut Brückner and Jürgen Neukirch with thesis "Über Galoisgruppen lokaler Körper" (On Galois groups of local fields). In the academic year 1983–1984 he was a postdoc at Harvard University. From 1980 to 1989 he was an assistant and then docent at the University of Regensburg, where he received in 1988 his habilitation. From 1989 to 1991 he held a research professorship at the Max-Planck-Institut für Mathematik in Bonn. In 1991 he became a full professor at the University of Cologne and since 1999 he has been a professor at the University of Regensburg.
Jannsen's research deals with, among other topics, the Galois theory of algebraic number fields, the theory of motives in algebraic geometry, the Hasse principle (local–global principle), and resolution of singularities. In particular, he has done research on a cohomology theory for algebraic varieties, involving their extension in mixed motives as a development of research by Pierre Deligne, and a motivic cohomology as a development of research by Vladimir Voevodsky. In the 1980s with Kay Wingberg he completely described the absolute Galois group of "p"-adic number fields, "i.e." in the local case.
In 1994 he was an Invited Speaker with talk "Mixed motives, motivic cohomology and Ext-groups" at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Zürich.
He was elected in 2009 a full member of the Bayerische Akademie der Wissenschaften and in 2011 a full member of the Academia Europaea. 
His doctoral students include Moritz Kerz.

</doc>
<doc id="56877102" url="?curid=56877102" title="Rainbow Island (film)">
Rainbow Island (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56877106" url="?curid=56877106" title="Rose Bradley">
Rose Bradley

Rose Marian Bradley (1867 – 24 September 1948) was an English journalist and writer.
Biography.
On 19 June 1867, Bradley was born in Marlborough, Wiltshire. Bradley's father was George Bradley, Dean of Westminster. 
Bradley contributed to the "Cornhill Magazine" and "The Nineteenth Century". During World War I she was secretary to the Women's Legion, for which she received an O.B.E. She also helped compile the biography of Lord Chaplin.

</doc>
<doc id="56877113" url="?curid=56877113" title="Battery–Brooklyn Tunnel">
Battery–Brooklyn Tunnel


</doc>
<doc id="56877114" url="?curid=56877114" title="Rainbow Island">
Rainbow Island

Rainbow Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877115" url="?curid=56877115" title="Rose Marian Bradley">
Rose Marian Bradley


</doc>
<doc id="56877117" url="?curid=56877117" title="Battery-Brooklyn Tunnel">
Battery-Brooklyn Tunnel


</doc>
<doc id="56877120" url="?curid=56877120" title="Samuel S. Talbert">
Samuel S. Talbert

Samuel S. Talbert (May 6, 1917 - April 25, 1972) was an American academic and columnist. He was the chair of the Journalism Department at the University of Mississippi from 1951 to 1972, and his column was published in over 100 newspapers from 1957 to 1972. He was the author of three academic books on journalism and several plays.
Early life.
Samuel Stubbs Talbert was born on May 6, 1917 in Brinson, Georgia. He graduated from the University of Florida, where he earned a bachelor of arts degree followed by a master's degree. From 1941 to 1946, he served in the United States Navy Reserve. He earned a PhD from The University of Iowa in 1952.
Career.
Talbert joined the Journalism Department at the University of Mississippi as an assistant professor in 1948. He was the department chair from 1951 to 1972.
Talbert was the editor of "The Mirror" in Warm Springs, Georgia from 1936 to 1938. His column, "Local Business", was published in over 100 newspapers from 1957 to 1972.
Talbert was the author of three academic books on journalism as well as several plays.
Personal life and death.
Talbert was married to Frances Selzer. They had a son and six daughters.
Talbert died of a heart attack on April 25, 1972 in Oxford, Mississippi. His funeral was held at the Oxford-University Methodist Church, and he was buried at the Oxford Memorial Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56877121" url="?curid=56877121" title="Espey Boarding House">
Espey Boarding House

The Espey Boarding House, also known as the DeCicco Building, was an historic building located at 2601–2605 Southwest Water Avenue, in Portland, Oregon. The structure was completed , and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It was razed on November 28, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="56877124" url="?curid=56877124" title="May-ling">
May-ling


</doc>
<doc id="56877130" url="?curid=56877130" title="Hong Kong Telecom">
Hong Kong Telecom

HKT Limited (), also known as Hong Kong Telecom (), is one of the largest telecommunications company of Hong Kong. It has a dominant position in fixed-line, mobile, IDD and broadband services in Hong Kong. HKT Group is a subsidiary of PCCW since 2000, after it was acquired from Cable &amp; Wireless plc.
The company, along with HKT Trust (), is a pair of listed corporations in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which the two corporations were bundled as one single stapled security.
Corporate identities.
The former holding company of the group was Cable &amp; Wireless HKT Limited (; former ticker symbol: 8), it was a subsidiary of Cable &amp; Wireless plc. It was taken over and privatised by PCCW in 2000. PCCW also started to use the ticker symbol "8" after the takeover. Cable &amp; Wireless HKT Limited was formerly known as Hong Kong Telecommunications Limited (), which was incorporated in 1987; it was renamed to Cable &amp; Wireless HKT Limited in 1999, but renamed again to PCCW-HKT Limited in 2000; PCCW-HKT still use the same registered Chinese name () until 2011, which in the same year the Chinese name became the registered Chinese name of HKT Limited instead.
PCCW-HKT had a major subsidiary PCCW-HKT Telephone Limited (), which was incorporated in 1925 under the name Hongkong Telephone Company, Limited; it was briefly known as Cable &amp; Wireless HKT Telephone Limited () from 1999 to 2000. , PCCW-HKT as well as PCCW-HKT Telephone were still live, wholly owned subsidiaries of PCCW. However, the telephone services is now provided by HKT's wholly owned subsidiary Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited instead, after a group restructure in 2008.
In October 2011, PCCW shareholders approve a partial spin-off of the assets as HKT on the Hong Kong stock exchange (but excluding the two legal persons PCCW-HKT and PCCW-HKT Telephone). HKT is successfully listed on 29 November 2011, as HKT Limited and HKT Trust. HKT Limited was incorporated in the Cayman Islands, while its direct parent entity, HKT Trust, was set up in Hong Kong under the laws of Hong Kong.
History.
Domestic telecommunications facilities in Hong Kong became more advanced in 1925 when the Hong Kong Telephone Company Limited (HKTC) took over the interests of John Pender's China and Japan Telephone and Electric Company. The company's mandate included providing all the British colonies with local telephone services. Over the next six decades Hong Kong Telephone's line capacity grew to more than 2.5 million, with the company serving approximately six million people.
Telecommunications became increasingly important following World War I, and in 1929 the British companies Marconi Wireless and Eastern Telegraph joined to establish Cable &amp; Wireless. The company's strategy was to supply telephone and telegraph services in Britain's colonies, and it succeeded in securing an exclusive franchise to provide international communications services in Hong Kong.
By 1972 the company's biggest operation was its subsidiary in rapidly growing Hong Kong. Hong Kong Telephone, meanwhile, built a new headquarters in 1972. The company's growth was said to typify the colony's transition from an economy based on manufacturing to one dependent on service industries, which created a demand for telecommunications services. In 1975 Hong Kong Telephone's franchise for domestic service in the colony was extended for an additional 20 years, to expire just ahead of Hong Kong's reversion to China's control in 1997.
HKT (Hong Kong Telecom).
HKT Group Holdings Limited was formed in 2008 to hold the telecommunications services, media and IT businesses of the PCCW Group, a reorganization designed to improve the Group's operational efficiencies. HKT and its predecessor PCCW-HKT, was the first quadruple play provider in Hong Kong, offering media content and services for fixed-line, broadband Internet, TV and mobile. PCCW acquired HKT, at that time known as Cable &amp; Wireless HKT, in February 2000 from Cable &amp; Wireless.
Main business and subsidiaries.
Commercial and international business [HKT Enterprise Solutions].
The HKT Commercial Group provides ICT services to small, medium and large enterprises. The group managed the installation of Asia's largest IP-enabled network for securities and derivatives markets, built for Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and known as SDNet. It includes an electronic passport system, known as e-PASS, and the Smart Identity Card system for the Hong Kong SAR Government.
Netvigator.
Netvigator is a residential and commercial Internet service provider in Hong Kong, a brand of HKT Limited. It is Hong Kong's largest Internet service provider (ISP).
csl, 1O1O, Club SIM.
CSL Mobile is an HKT subsidiary, which operates mobile network brands of "csl", "1O1O" and "Club SIM" in Hong Kong. CSL, at that time incorporated as CSL New World Mobility, was re-acquired by PCCW via HKT in 2013. After the 2013 acquisition, HKT also merged PCCW Mobile HK into CSL. CSL was sold by PCCW in 2001, while PCCW Mobile HK, formerly SUNDAY, was acquired by PCCW in 2005–06.
SUN Mobile.
SUN Mobile, formerly New World Mobility, is a joint venture of HKT Limited and . It was a former joint venture of CSL New World Mobility and Telecom Digital. In 2013 CSL New World Mobility was acquired by PCCW via HKT Limited, from Telstra and New World Development, thus the mobile virtual network operator was re-branded as SUN Mobile.
PCCW Global.
PCCW Global (formerly Beyond The Network America) is the international operating division of HKT Limited. It was owned by PCCW's sub-holding company HKT Group Holdings Limited (HKTGH) since 2008 and HKT Limited since its IPO in 2011.
PCCW Global acquired Gateway Communications in 2012 and Console Connect in 2017.
YouTube incident.
On 24 February 2008, Pakistan Telecom caused a major interruption of access to the video-sharing website YouTube. Pakistani Government authorities instructed Pakistan Telecom (PTCL) to prevent access to YouTube within Pakistan. PTCL complied by changing the BGP entry for YouTube – essentially updating its local internet address book for where YouTube's section of the internet is. The idea was to direct its internet users to a page that said YouTube was blocked. Unfortunately, the ISP announced the new route to its Internet link provider, PCCW. PCCW had recently provided temporary access to PTCL in order to restore the nation's loss of internet access due to a previous major submarine cable break event. PTCL began leaking the BGP announcement to PCCW prior to PCCW's completion of the BGP validation and filtering policies process on the newly activated link. This allowed the announcement to propagate to other networks.
Once detected, PCCW immediately blocked the leaked announcement from PTCL and access to YouTube was restored within 2 hours.
HKT Interactive Media (PCCW Media).
now TV.
now TV is an IPTV and pay-TV provider in Hong Kong delivered by PCCW Media.
now TV serves Hong Kong with more than 190 channels of local, Asian and international programming, such as the English Premier League, Spanish La Liga, Italian Serie A, French Ligue 1, J-League, French Open, ATP World Tour, and World Snooker Tour. In addition, now TV is a producer of news, sports and infotainment programming and a provider of interactive services. nowTV can be viewed on its nowTV app, and select now TV content and interactive applications can also be accessed via the group's 4G mobile network and broadband service.
The Club.
a Hong Kong customer loyalty program.
HKT Payment Limited.
the developer of "Tap &amp; Go", a prepaid mobile payment service for Hong Kong users.
Brands and services
Former service.
PCCW announced the formation of wholly owned subsidiary Cascade Limited () in late 2002 t0 2008, It was reported that the staff were offered a wage-cut in the new contract. .The name of Cascade is removed from now on, become a part of HKT and named as "Engineering", a business unit of HKT, simply like Commercial group of PCCW. All staff in Cascade had transferred to HKT without changing.
), However, due to 2011 initial public offering of HKT Limited, some of the subsidiaries of HKTGH (which HKTGH was a wholly owned subsidiary of HKT Limited) still have use the name cascade or pccw in their name due to law and finance reasons ,although they wholly owned subsidiaries of HKT. A namesake, Mainland China-incorporated "PCCW Cascade Technology (Guangzhou) Limited" () is a wholly owned subsidiary of HKT Limited.
Controversy.
In 2018, it was exposed that HKT breached the land leases for 4 of their telephone exchange buildings. They were illegally converted to customers service centers.

</doc>
<doc id="56877133" url="?curid=56877133" title="DeCicco Building">
DeCicco Building


</doc>
<doc id="56877134" url="?curid=56877134" title="Magic Mountain (roller coaster)">
Magic Mountain (roller coaster)


</doc>
<doc id="56877136" url="?curid=56877136" title="Miyubi">
Miyubi

Miyubi is a Canadian virtual reality film directed by Felix Lajeunesse and released in 2017. Produced by Felix &amp; Paul Studios in conjunction with Funny or Die, the film is an immersive video comedy-drama in which the viewer experiences the dynamics of a dysfunctional family through the eyes of Miyubi, a toy robot the father purchased for his son as a birthday gift.
The film's cast includes Emily Bergl, P. J. Byrne, Owen Vaccaro and Richard Riehle, as well as an unlockable hidden scene which features Jeff Goldblum as Miyubi's creator.
The film premiered at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival, and was later distributed to the Gear VR and Oculus Rift virtual reality platforms.
The film won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Immersive Experience at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56877137" url="?curid=56877137" title="Rainbow Island (disambiguation)">
Rainbow Island (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56877141" url="?curid=56877141" title="Susanne Rappmann">
Susanne Rappmann

Susanne Rappmann (née "Norrhall"; born 2 February 1965 in Norra Vram, Skåne), is a Swedish theologian and current Bishop of Gothenburg.
Biography.
Susanne Rappmann was ordained priest for the Diocese of Gothenburg in 1992 and has served as a parish priest of Annedal Church from 1994 till 1999. She later became parish priest of Stensjöns and served between 2007 and 2010. Afterwards she was appointed as the church minister of the parish of Värö-Stråvalla and served between 2010 and 2013. Between 2013 and 2018 she was a curator in Mölndal parish, which was formed in 2014.
In 2005 Rappmann presented her dissertation titled "Kristi kropp som kritisk metafor : teologisk reflektion kring funktionshinder" (Christ's body as critical metaphor: theological reflection on disability) at Karlstad University.
Bishop.
In November 2017 Rappmann was elected bishop during the second and final election gaining around 70% of the votes. Rappmann was consecrated bishop by the Archbishop of Uppsala on March 4, 2018. She became the first female bishop of Gothenburg, replacing Per Eckerdal.

</doc>
<doc id="56877151" url="?curid=56877151" title="Carolina de Robertis">
Carolina de Robertis

Carolina de Robertis is a Uruguayan-American author and teacher of creative writing at San Francisco State University. She is the author of four novels and the editor of an award-winning anthology, Radical Hope (2017), which include essays by such writers as Junot Diaz and Jane Smiley. She is also well known for her translational work, frequently translating Spanish pieces.
Early life.
Carolina De Robertis is the child of two Uruguayan parents. She moved throughout her childhood following the scientific career of her father Edward De Robertis. She was born in England, later moving to Basel (Switzerland), until finally ending up in Los Angeles, California. De Robertis was disowned by her parents when she was 25. Describing her relationship with her parents, she said, "They actually dug in their heels and tried to turn my siblings against my first child when I was pregnant with the first child. I use that example to say, it's not true that everybody comes around."
She worked as a rape counselor and was very active in the Bay Area's LGBTQ+ community for ten years in her 20s.
De Robertis received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English literature from University of California, Los Angeles in 1996. She also received a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from Mills College in 2007.
Career.
De Robertis released her first book, "The Invisible Mountain," in 2009. The novel was an international best-seller, being translated into 17 languages, including Italian, Spanish, German, Dutch, French, Hebrew, and Chinese. It won best book for the San Francisco Chronicle, O, The Oprah Magazine, and Booklist. It was also a finalist for the California Book Award, an International Latino Book Award, and the VCU Cabell First Book Award.
De Robertis' novel, "Cantoras" was selected as a "New York Times" Editors’ Choice. It also won a Stonewall Book Award, a Reading Women Award, and was a finalist for the Kirkus Prize and a Lambda Literary Award.
Personal life.
De Robertis lives with her wife, Pamela Harris, and their two kids in Oakland, California. She identifies as queer and genderqueer. Describing her sexuality on the "LGBTQ&amp;A" podcast, De Robertis said, "The more words the better. So I'm a dyke, I'm a lesbian, I'm also bi. It's all good."

</doc>
<doc id="56877154" url="?curid=56877154" title="College of Professional Studies and Fine Arts">
College of Professional Studies and Fine Arts


</doc>
<doc id="56877163" url="?curid=56877163" title="Au Go Go Singers">
Au Go Go Singers


</doc>
<doc id="56877167" url="?curid=56877167" title="The Factual Feminist">
The Factual Feminist


</doc>
<doc id="56877176" url="?curid=56877176" title="Frank Quinn (footballer)">
Frank Quinn (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56877180" url="?curid=56877180" title="LKL IV">
LKL IV

The LKL IV and LKL V were a pair of very similar Polish parasol wing two-seaters, built in the early 1930s. They differed primarily in their engines.
Design and development.
Members of the Lublin Airport Club (Lubelski Klub Lotnitczy in Polish, hence LKL) began to design a pair of parasol wing, two-seat aircraft for the Club's use in 1931. They differed chiefly in their engines and the lengths and the cowlings associated with them, though there were also undercarriage design variations. The LKL IV had a aircooled, four-cylinder upright inline engine and was first flown in the autumn of 1932. The LKL V was powered by a Warner Scarab seven-cylinder radial engine and flew a few weeks later.
The wooden wing was rectangular in plan out to rounded tips and was in two parts, each built around twin spars and fabric covered. They were braced by pairs of parallel faired struts from the lower fuselage longerons to the spars and the central join was held above the fuselage on a cabane of steel transverse inverted V-struts.
Because the Cirrus was an upright engine, its enclosing cowling raised the nose ahead of the cockpit, though the underside sloped upwards. A long exhaust on the port side exited low on the fuselage under the wing. The radial Scarab of the LKL V allowed a lower nose; its cylinders were enclosed by a Townend ring-type housing. Because of the more compact radial, the LKL V was shorter than the LKL IV and was also had a slightly lower () empty weight. Its greater power allowed an increase of () in the loaded weight. Fuel tanks were in the fuselage. Behind the engines the fuselages were rectangular in section, built around welded steel tube structures and largely fabric-covered. There were two tandem open cockpits with dual controls under the wing, which had a rounded cut-out in its trailing edge.
Their tail surfaces were fabric-covered wooden framed structures. The tailplanes were mounted on top of the slender rear fuselage and strut-braced from below and their fins were small, with a cropped triangular profile and carrying full, rounded balanced rudders. Both had divided-type, fixed, conventional landing gear with half-axles and with radius rods from the lower fuselage longerons. There were differences in the forward, shock absorbing legs; the LKL IV had oleo struts from the upper longerons and the LKL V had faired, compressed rubber legs from the bases of the forward wing struts. In 1934 the LKL IV's undercarriage was shortened, though without changing the geometry.
Operational history.
Both aircraft were used by the LKL for several years and flown in local competitions. Both took part in the second International Aviation meeting held in Warsaw in May 1933 where Zygmunt Martiniak flew the LKL IV into second place and in the Fifth National Lightplane Contest that September, where the LKL V, flown by Kolaxzkowski, came ninth. The LKL V continued to fly until autumn 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="56877181" url="?curid=56877181" title="Lin Meiqun">
Lin Meiqun

Lin Meiqun (born 1948 in Indonesia) also known as Lin Mei Chun is a former international table tennis player from China. 
Table tennis career.
She won three silver medals in the World Table Tennis Championships. 
During the 1971 World Table Tennis Championships she won a silver for China in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event).
Two further silver medals were won in 1973 and 1975 in the women's doubles with Qiu Baoqin and Zhu Xiangyun respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="56877183" url="?curid=56877183" title="Reciprocal IVF">
Reciprocal IVF


</doc>
<doc id="56877186" url="?curid=56877186" title="Feartagar Castle">
Feartagar Castle

Feartagar Castle, also called Jennings Castle, is a tower house and National Monument located in County Galway, Ireland.
Location.
Feartagar Castle lies on a hill east of Kilconly and northwest of Tuam, near to the River Nanny.
History.
The tower house was built in the 15th–17th century by the de Burgos (Burkes, de Búrca). Descendants of William de Burgh (c. 1160 – 1205/06), Anglo-Norman knight and close friend of King John, the Burkes ruled in Connacht for centuries. They were dispossessed in 1651 by the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland. The castle later came into the possession of the Blakes of Tuam, and then the Jennings.
Description.
A five-storey tower house, 12 × 10 m at base (39 × 33 ft). Features include round bartizans on each corner, a machicolation above the doorway and a latrine chute. The second floor is vaulted and there are two stone staircases.

</doc>
<doc id="56877200" url="?curid=56877200" title="Buderim Historical Society">
Buderim Historical Society


</doc>
<doc id="56877202" url="?curid=56877202" title="Kyšperk">
Kyšperk


</doc>
<doc id="56877203" url="?curid=56877203" title="Tsui Wan (constituency)">
Tsui Wan (constituency)

Tsui Wan is one of the 37 constituencies in the Eastern District, Hong Kong. The constituency returns one district councillor to the Eastern District Council, with an election every four years.
Tsui Wan constituency is loosely based on the Tsui Wan Estate and in Chai Wan with estimated population of 12,477.

</doc>
<doc id="56877207" url="?curid=56877207" title="1980 Adur District Council election">
1980 Adur District Council election

Elections to the Adur District Council were held on 1 May 1980, with one third of the council up for election. There was an additional vacancy in the Southwick Green ward, and no elections for the single-member ward St Marys. Overall turnout dropped to 48.7%.
The election resulted in the Liberals gaining control of the council from the Conservatives.
Election result.
This resulted in the following composition of the council:
Ward results.
+/- figures represent changes from the last time these wards were contested.

</doc>
<doc id="56877215" url="?curid=56877215" title="Casa del Abogado">
Casa del Abogado


</doc>
<doc id="56877222" url="?curid=56877222" title="Metalock">
Metalock


</doc>
<doc id="56877226" url="?curid=56877226" title="Francis Ramsay">
Francis Ramsay

Francis Ramsay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877227" url="?curid=56877227" title="Edward C. Hochapfel House">
Edward C. Hochapfel House

The Edward C. Hochapfel House, also known as the Marandas Apartments, was an historic building located at 1520 Southwest 11th Avenue, in Portland, Oregon. The structure was completed in 1904 and exhibited Bungalow/American Craftsman and Colonial Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 1983, but later demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="56877228" url="?curid=56877228" title="Fabio Coala">
Fabio Coala

Fabio Coala is a Brazilian comics artist. After five years of working as firefighter, he created the website "Mentirinhas" ("Little Lies") in which he publishes, starting in 2010, webcomics with different characters. One of the main characters is "O Monstro" ("The Monster"), a toy monster that helps children with problems by becoming a real monster for them. The first Monster's printed graphic novel was released in 2013 after a successful crowdfunding campaign and, in the following year, the book won the Troféu HQ Mix (most important Brazilian comic related award) in the category "Best Independent Publication". A Coala's comic strip called "Perfeição" ("Perfection") was also adapted in 2014 as a short animated movie by Jacob Frey and Markus Kranzler. The movie, called "The Present", has won 77 awards from several film festivals and has garnered critical acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="56877230" url="?curid=56877230" title="Metal Stitch">
Metal Stitch


</doc>
<doc id="56877231" url="?curid=56877231" title="Minnesota State Public School Orphanage Museum">
Minnesota State Public School Orphanage Museum


</doc>
<doc id="56877232" url="?curid=56877232" title="Nine-level system">
Nine-level system


</doc>
<doc id="56877233" url="?curid=56877233" title="Metal Locking">
Metal Locking


</doc>
<doc id="56877238" url="?curid=56877238" title="Qiu Baoqin">
Qiu Baoqin

Qiu Baoqin (born 1944) also known as Chou Pao-Chin is a former international table tennis player from China. 
Table tennis career.
She won a silver medal in the 1973 World Table Tennis Championships with Lin Meiqun. 

</doc>
<doc id="56877246" url="?curid=56877246" title="Lock-N-Stitch">
Lock-N-Stitch


</doc>
<doc id="56877248" url="?curid=56877248" title="Fairhope School">
Fairhope School


</doc>
<doc id="56877261" url="?curid=56877261" title="George Bradley (priest)">
George Bradley (priest)


</doc>
<doc id="56877267" url="?curid=56877267" title="Marandas Apartments">
Marandas Apartments


</doc>
<doc id="56877270" url="?curid=56877270" title="1963–64 Yorkshire Football League">
1963–64 Yorkshire Football League

The 1963–64 Yorkshire Football League was the 38th season in the history of the Yorkshire Football League, a football competition in England. At the end of the season Division Three was disbanded.
Division One.
Division One featured 12 clubs which competed in the previous season, along with four new clubs, promoted from Division Two:
Division Two.
Division Two featured ten clubs which competed in the previous season, along with five new clubs.
Also, Brodsworth Main changed name to Brodsworth Miners Welfare.
Division Three.
Division Three featured seven clubs which competed in the previous season, along with two new clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="56877271" url="?curid=56877271" title="2018 Cornell Big Red football team">
2018 Cornell Big Red football team

The 2018 Cornell Big Red football team represented Cornell University in the 2018 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Ivy League. They were led by sixth-year head coach David Archer and played their home games at Schoellkopf Field. Cornell finished the season 3–7 overall 2–5 in Ivy League play to place seventh.
Previous season.
The Big Red finished the 2017 season 3–7, 3–4 in Ivy League play, to finish tied for fifth place.
Schedule.
The 2018 schedule consisted of five home and five away games. The Big Red hosted Ivy League foes Yale, Harvard, Penn, and Dartmouth, and traveled to Brown, Princeton, and Columbia.
In 2018, Cornell's non-conference opponents were Delaware of the Colonial Athletic Association, Sacred Heart of the Northeast Conference, and Colgate of the Patriot League. Homecoming coincided with the home opener against Yale on September 22.
Cornell's 66–0 loss to Princeton on October 27 was its worst defeat since a 77–0 defeat by Harvard in 1890, 128 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="56877281" url="?curid=56877281" title="Arthur Stanley (priest)">
Arthur Stanley (priest)


</doc>
<doc id="56877297" url="?curid=56877297" title="2001 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
2001 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 2001 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 2001 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State moved back to the NCAA from the NAIA in 2001, and competed as a charter member of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference (GNAC). They had been a member of the NAIA Columbia Football Association (CFA) from 1997 to 2000. The CFA folded after the 2000 season.
The 2001 Lumberjacks were led by second-year head coach Doug Adkins. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished the season with a record of four wins and seven losses (4–7, 1–2 GNAC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 267–405 for the 2001 season. 
Because of the terrorist attacks on September 11, many college football game were rescheduled. As a result, a hole in the Lumberjacks schedule was created. To fill that, a game was added against conference foe Western Oregon was added on October 13, but it did not count as a conference game.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 2002 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56877301" url="?curid=56877301" title="2018 Manila Hotel Fire">
2018 Manila Hotel Fire


</doc>
<doc id="56877314" url="?curid=56877314" title="Monasticon Gallicanum">
Monasticon Gallicanum

The Monasticon Gallicanum is a collection of 168 engravings of topographical views, with two maps, representing 147 monasteries in France belonging to the reformist Congregation of St. Maur within the Order of St. Benedict, prepared between 1675 and 1694, when Dom Michel Germain, who commissioned them, died, but not published in full until 1870.
Creation 1675–94.
The members of the Congregation of St. Maur had a strong interest in monastic history and produced many notable historiographical works on individual religious houses There was a need however for a work covering all the monasteries of the Congregation.
Dom Michel Germain, a monk at the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés and a friend of Jean Mabillon, undertook the task. From 1675 he wrote individual historical texts about, and commissioned the accompanying plates of, all the Maurist monasteries, but although by the time of his death in 1694 the plates had been engraved and most of the texts written, the work did not proceed to publication.
The texts remained in manuscript, in the form of booklets and loose leaves. Over time they became disordered and some were lost; those surviving eventually found their way to the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
As for the engravings, which Dom Germain commissioned from several different unknown engravers, a small number of prints were made at the time, which circulated loose, and the copper plates were then dispersed without trace. A very few sets were assembled and bound by different individuals from 1694 through the 18th century; these however included various additional prints foreign to the set.
Publication 1870-71.
Achille Peigné-Delacourt, an antiquary and collector of mediaeval documents, realised the importance of Germain's illustrations, since so many of the original buildings had been lost in the interval. In 1860 he published reproductions of the engravings relating to the monasteries in the province of Reims, with the promise to publish the complete set of the engravings after taking care to remove the other illustrations that had been added to them by the various amateur collectors who had preserved them. The task of verifying which engravings were genuinely among those commissioned by Germain was undertaken by Louis Courajod, archivist and palaeographer attached to the Department of Prints and Photographs of the Bibliothèque Nationale (then the "Bibliothèque Impériale") for the complete edition of the illustrations of the "Monasticon Gallicanum" published in 1870-71, which successfully reproduced the prints at half-size without losing sharpness of detail.
A couple of facsimile editions were published in the later 20th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="56877322" url="?curid=56877322" title="Jennings Castle">
Jennings Castle


</doc>
<doc id="56877324" url="?curid=56877324" title="Quiet And Peace">
Quiet And Peace


</doc>
<doc id="56877329" url="?curid=56877329" title="We Are The Youth">
We Are The Youth

We Are The Youth is a project attempting to capture stories of LGBT youth in America through photography. This project was started by Diana Scholl and Laurel Golio in 2010, when they photographed a PFLAG Gay Prom. Photos from "We Are The Youth" are available as an online archive of LGBT youth on their website as well as in book form in "We Are the Youth: Sharing the Stories of LGBTQ Youth in the United States", which received a top ten spot on the American Library Association's Rainbow List in 2015. Work from the project has also been displayed at the Silver Eye Center for Photography in Pittsburgh in 2014 and at the Leslie-Lohman Museum of Art in New York in 2012.
People photographed as part of the project range in age from 12 to 21.

</doc>
<doc id="56877332" url="?curid=56877332" title="FIU Arena">
FIU Arena


</doc>
<doc id="56877338" url="?curid=56877338" title="Brochu Lake">
Brochu Lake

The Lake Brochu is a vast expanse of freshwater in the south-eastern part of the Gouin Reservoir, in the territory of the town of La Tuque, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This lake extends into the townships of Brochu, Déziel, Nevers, Aubin and Brochu. Following the erection completed in 1948 of the Gouin Dam, the current form of "Brochu Lake" was shaped by the raising of the Gouin Reservoir.
Recreotourism activities are the main economic activity of the sector. Forestry comes second.
The route 400, connecting the Gouin Dam to the village of Parent, Quebec, serves the southern portion of Brochu Lake, as well as the river valleys Jean-Pierre and Leblanc; this road also serves the Peninsula which stretches north in the Gouin Reservoir on . Some secondary forest roads are in use nearby for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
The surface of Brochu Lake is usually frozen from mid-November to the end of April, however, safe ice circulation is generally from early December to the end of March.
Toponymy.
This hydronym, which was formalized in 1935 by the Quebec Geographical Commission, evokes the work of life of Michel-Delphis Brochu (Saint-Lazare-de-Bellechasse, Quebec, 1853 - Quebec, 1933), doctor and professor at the Faculty of Medicine of Laval University. Aliéniste, Brochu acts at the beginning of the twentieth century as general director of the asylum of Beauport, establishment named afterwards "Hospital Saint-Michel-Archangel", then designated "Hospital Center Robert-Giffard" (French: Centre hospitalier Robert-Giffard) which is named today Institut universitaire en santé mentale de Québec (French). He is also known to have been the promoter of the First Congress of French-Speaking Doctors in America held in Quebec City, at Château Frontenac, in 1902, as well as the first president of the Association of French-Speaking Doctors of North America.
The toponym "Lac Brochu" was formalized on December 18, 1986, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="56877347" url="?curid=56877347" title="Zhu Xiangyun">
Zhu Xiangyun

Zhu Xiangyun (; born 1950) also known as Chu Hsiang-Yun is a former international table tennis player from China.
Table tennis career.
She won three medals in the World Table Tennis Championships.
During the 1975 World Table Tennis Championships she won a silver medal in the doubles with Lin Meiqun.
Two years later she won a second silver in the doubles with Wei Lijie and then won a gold medal for China in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event) with Ge Xin'ai, Zhang Deying and Zhang Li.

</doc>
<doc id="56877348" url="?curid=56877348" title="Decisions, Decisions">
Decisions, Decisions

Decisions, Decisions is a 15-part educational role-playing video game series by Tom Snyder Productions, released from the 1980s to the early 2000s. It has also been described as a "media-assisted simulation game" series.
Development.
While Tom Snyder originally created games that would suit the "one-computer classroom" model, this series was part of a new gaming focus of "choice-driven discussion generators". The software was designed specifically to foster academic discussions within the classroom. An online learning extension named "Decisions, Decisions Online" was also created.
Gameplay.
Each game puts the players (recommended to be a classroom) into a scenario based on actual facts and encourages them to come up with solutions. 
An example is in the title "Decisions, Decisions: Prejudice", in which the players take the role of the mayor of a tourist town, in which a newspaper has editorialised against a business trading racial memorabilia. Students discuss the problem in teams, then enter their strategies into the computer, which advances the story, leading to 300 alternate paths. Members of the team receive booklets from the perspective of an adviser to the decision maker, for instance in "Decisions," "Decisions: The Environment", they could be a campaign manager, and environmentalist, a scientist, and an economist; players then debate this conflicting information to reach a justifiable compromise.
The games encourage a five step critical thinking process:
Follow-up activities include: taking quizzes, drawing political cartoons, writing to state and federal legislators, seeing how others parts of the country voted on the issue, and research Web links.
Critical reception.
"Education World" gave "Decisions, Decisions Online" an A+, describing it as an effective online resource to stimulate the critical thinking skills of young people. 
Laura Cirillo-Boilard of USJ gave "Decisions, Decisions – The Constitution" 10/10, praising its ability to develop skills in cooperative learning, reading comprehension, oral communication, problem-solving, and decision-making. "Teaching TV Production in a Digital World: Integrating Media Literacy" recommended the use of "Decisions, Decisions: Violence in the Media" within the school curriculum. "Character Education in America's Blue Ribbon Schools" felt the series effectively allowed students to work together in solving real world problems and analysing the results of their decisions. 
The website was The New York Times' featured site on January 5, 2000. The Washington Post reported that the series could be ground-breaking in the move from learning distinct subjects to a synergistic approach, using all these skills to complete practical and realistic projects. Macworld noted that "Decisions, Decisions 5.0: The Constitution" was not a replacement for a U.S. history textbook.

</doc>
<doc id="56877354" url="?curid=56877354" title="Qalqalah">
Qalqalah


</doc>
<doc id="56877357" url="?curid=56877357" title="Alif lam">
Alif lam


</doc>
<doc id="56877361" url="?curid=56877361" title="Idgham">
Idgham


</doc>
<doc id="56877364" url="?curid=56877364" title="Iqlab">
Iqlab


</doc>
<doc id="56877365" url="?curid=56877365" title="Ikhfa">
Ikhfa


</doc>
<doc id="56877366" url="?curid=56877366" title="Fort Street (constituency)">
Fort Street (constituency)

Fort Street is one of the 35 constituencies in the Eastern District, Hong Kong. The constituency returns one district councillor to the Eastern District Council, with an election every four years.
Fort Street constituency is loosely based on the area of Fort Street in North Point with estimated population of 16,157.

</doc>
<doc id="56877368" url="?curid=56877368" title="Kevin Politz">
Kevin Politz

Kevin Politz (born March 22, 1996) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Toronto FC II in USL League One.
Career.
Youth.
Politz was born in New Haven, Connecticut, but grew up in the Morganville section of Marlboro Township, New Jersey where he attended Marlboro High School and was a member of the New York Red Bulls Academy. He was also a member of the US Soccer residency program at IMG Academy. He attended college at Wake Forest University and played on the Demon Deacons soccer team for three seasons, making 72 appearances, scoring 3 goals and tallying 1 assist. In 2017, Politz was named an All-American and the ACC Defender of the Year.
While in college, Politz appeared for Premier Development League side New York Red Bulls U-23.
New York Red Bulls.
On January 3, 2018, Politz signed a homegrown contract with the New York Red Bulls. On March 15, 2018, the New York Red Bulls entered into a loan agreement with New York Red Bulls II, and Politz was listed on the Red Bulls II 2018 USL season roster. He made his professional debut on March 17, 2018 for United Soccer League side New York Red Bulls II, coming on as a second half substitution in a 2–1 win over Toronto FC II. Politz and Red Bull II finished in 5th place in the Eastern Conference standings. Red Bull II advanced to the USL Championship Eastern Conference finals by defeating Charleston Battery and FC Cincinnati on the road by 1-0 scorelines before falling to eventual USL Championship champions, Louisville City FC. Politz was released by the Red Bulls at the end of their 2018 season.
Greenville Triumph.
In February 2019 Politz signed with USL League One team Greenville Triumph SC. Politz scored the game-winning goal for Greenville in the team's inaugural home match victory over Lansing Ignite, it was Politz's first professional goal and he was named to the USL one team of the week. For the 2019 season he appeared in 27 of the team's 28 games, starting 25 of them. Greenville advanced to the USL League One final, falling to North Texas SC in the championship match.
Hartford Athletic.
On December 19, 2019, Greenville transferred Politz to USL Championship team Hartford Athletic. In his second match with the team he scored his second career professional goal. Politz started 14 of 16 regular season games, helping Hartford finish with the second most points in the USL Championship. Politz started in Hartford's first ever playoff game, a 1-0 home loss to Saint Louis FC.
Toronto FC II.
On May 5, 2021, Politz joined USL League One side Toronto FC II.
International career.
In 2012, Politz made one appearance for the United States U17 team.
Honors.
Club.
New York Red Bulls

</doc>
<doc id="56877370" url="?curid=56877370" title="Pair-house">
Pair-house

A pair-house is a three-room house found in the US built in the 19th century by Scandinavian immigrants as an adaptation of common houses from their homeland. Commonly found in the US state of Utah, pair-houses are historically significant as being representative of ethnic diversity in an area and time that favored uniformity among followers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). A number of pair-houses are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Background.
Pair-houses are an architectural style of house based on Scandinavian tradition and most often found in early Mormon settlements in the central part of Utah. The house is defined by the existence of three nearly equal sized rooms arranged side by side with access to the outer two rooms from the main center room, which contained a central entrance door on the front and also access from the rear. The front side would usually have windows on both sides of the front door, and an additional window in each end room. A gable roof runs the length of the structure.
The Fredrick Christian Sorensen House in Ephraim, Utah, built around 1850 by Danish immigrant Fredrick Christian Sorensen, is an early example of an adobe pair-house with a roof of log purlins and sawn rafters. There are many other pair-houses built by Scandinavian immigrants in Ephraim and throughout Sanpete County.
The name is a translation of the Swedish which literally means "pair-house", indicating a center room with a pair of flanking rooms. While a Swedish "parstuga" also has three linear rooms, the center room is narrower than the end rooms and is used as the entry and kitchen. The center room in a pair-house is the main living space in the house. The name is attributed to Swedish scholar of the University of Stockholm. The Danish name means "twin-house" and in Norway, it is the or "double house". The central-passage house originating in colonial America also has a linear three-room design, but is distinct because the center room was narrow and used only as a passageway.
The pair-house has also been characterized as a scaled-down Danish (farmhouse).
Origin.
The design dates to the 16th century in central and northern Sweden and central and western Norway where it remained the main dwelling on larger farms into the 19th-century. Its use expanded to Denmark by the end of the 18th century, becoming common there over the next half-century. It was first an upper-class home but gradually became a common rural farmhouse for the middle-class farms and a symbol of economic progress from peasantry.
Rectangular three-room dwellings with a center entrance were not unique to Scandinavia. The German had a central room used as a kitchen, flanked by a living area and a stable. Similar three-room structures with a central kitchen room were constructed in France, and spread from western Europe to southwestern Russia where they was introduced by German-Russian settlers, and throughout northern and eastern Europe. Elongated three-room houses are found throughout the Baltic Sea region including the Scandinavian countries, Finland, Russia, Poland, and Germany.
US distribution.
Most documented pair-houses are found in Utah, but can be found elsewhere. Danish immigrants in the Great Plains primarily adopted popular American architectural styles, they also built pair-houses with neoclassical facades during the 1870s and 1880s. As in Utah, they represented economic achievement and ethnic identity.
One-story, gable roofed, three room dwellings were built by German-Russians in Emmons County, North Dakota. The style has also been called the "Baltic three-room house" by some. Pair-houses have also been identified in Arizona and Idaho.
Historical significance.
While some pair-houses are individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), a collection of such houses in Utah, nonadjacent and disconnected, have been documented as the "Scandinavian-American Pair-house Thematic Group". These houses span four Utah counties and represent the "multi-cultural nature of early Mormon society".
They make up some of the oldest houses in Utah and few exist today that have not been significantly altered or deteriorated. Scandinavian immigrants in Utah, many of whom previously lived as peasants, were able to own land and build what they considered a middle-class style house, differing both from other types of local architecture, usually based on English styles, and their prior peasant dwellings.
Utah pair-houses, while all having the deterministic three-room layout, differed in ways such as window and chimney placement, dimension, and material.
While found throughout Utah, pair-houses are most common in "Little Scandinavia", the Sanpete-Sevier county area, where the Scandinavian immigrants were the most concentrated. Over 90% of Utah's recorded pair-house examples are located there.
Over 20,000 Scandinavians emigrated to Utah in the 19th-century where the Mormon theocracy discouraged "retention of Old World values and customs" in an attempt to build a homogeneous church following. The pair-house demonstrates that some level of ethnic diversity was tolerated.
Several pair-houses are known to have been built for or are otherwise associated with Anglo-American Mormons demonstrating popularity and practicality with non-Scandinavians.
Individual houses.
The following pair-houses were identified by the Utah State Historical Society and submitted to the National Park Service/Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service for listing on the NRHP. Most were eventually listed individually; two are included in a listed historic district and three were removed from consideration at the request of the owners. Approximately thirty others were identified in the nomination but not considered worthy of listing/preservation due to significant deterioration, alteration, or demolition.
Also, the Annie Birch House, near Hoytsville, Utah, was built around 1875.
Categories.
The Utah State Historical Society, in its NRHP study/submission identified four major categories or variations of pair-houses. Some types also have more minor variations. These four main types are:
Type I.
Type I houses are the most similar to the oldest pair-houses in Norway and Sweden, with the central room proportioned about two-thirds the size of the outer square rooms. The center room has a door and the end rooms are symmetrical with one or two windows. The center room is wide, double the width of the central-passage house's middle passageway.
Type II.
Type II houses are the most common in Utah and feature a center room larger than the end rooms. The main room is either a square with the end rooms three-quarters or two-thirds its size, or a slightly larger rectangle with square end rooms. This type normally has windows on the side of the entry door, creating a window-door-window cluster, and a single window in each end room.
Type III.
Type III houses are similar to Type II; however, the window and doors are spaced evenly along the facade, requiring adjustments to the internal symmetry of the rooms.
Type IV.
In this type all three rooms are square, but the center room is smaller and aligned in the back creating a recessed porch in the front. The center room may have the normal window-door-window configuration or just a window-door due to the smaller size. The end rooms each have either one or two windows.

</doc>
<doc id="56877389" url="?curid=56877389" title="Bodø (town)">
Bodø (town)

Bodø (; ) is a town in Bodø Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The town is the administrative centre of Bodø Municipality and of Nordland county. It is located on the Bodø peninsula between the Vestfjorden and the Saltfjorden. Bodø is located just north of the Arctic Circle. It is the largest urban area and town in Nordland county and it is the second-largest town in Northern Norway.
The town has a population (2018) of 41,215 and a population density of .
History.
The village of Bodø was granted town status in 1816 and soon after, in 1818, it was known for the Bodø affair, smuggling by British merchants that later were compensated by Norway. The town of Bodø was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt law). On 1 January 1938, a part of the neighboring municipality of Bodin (population: 559) was transferred into the town of Bodø. On 1 January 1959, another part of Bodin (population: 1,303) was transferred into the town Bodø, expanding its size considerably. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1968, the town of Bodø (population: 14,252) was merged with the municipality of Bodin (population: 13,323) and this created the much larger Bodø Municipality.
Toponymy.
The town is named after the old "Bodøgård" farm (), since the town was built on its ground. The first element might be ' which means "sunken rock" or "skerry" and the last element is ' which means "meadow" or "pasture". The last element may have been misunderstood as ' which means "island" (and written with the Danish language form ').
Institutions.
The main campus of Nord University is located outside the city centre. Twelve thousand undergraduate and graduate students study at the university.
Bodø is the location of the only police academy in Norway outside Oslo. The Norwegian Civil Aviation Authority is situated in Bodø, as is the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre of Northern Norway. The Norwegian Armed Forces headquarters for North Norway is located at Reitan, east of the city. SB Nordlandsbuss has its headquarters in Bodø, as does Bodø Energi and Nordlandsbanken.
The largest shopping centre in Nordland, City Nord, is located in Bodø.
Climate.
Bodø features a humid continental climate ("Dfb") or, if the original Köppen winter threshold is used, an oceanic climate ("Cfb") in the 1991-2020 base period. Bodø is the northernmost city in the world and the only inside the Arctic Circle with a temperate four-season climate. The weather in Bodø depends on weather pattern; long lasting weather patterns with Atlantic lows bringing rain and overcast can occur in all seasons, but so can sunny weather with Highs over Northern Scandiniava/Western Russia.
Located on a peninsula in the Norwegian Sea, Bodø has potential for strong winds both from the west and east. The "midnight sun" is above the horizon from 1 June to 14 July (44 days), and the period with continuous daylight lasts a bit longer.
The all-time low was recorded in February 1966, which was the coldest month on record with a mean of . The all-time high was set in July 2019, while July 2014 was the warmest month with a 24-hr mean and average daily high . The warmest night recorded was June 29 1972 with overnight low . The average date for the first overnight freeze (below ) in autumn is October 12 (1981-2010 average). The driest month on record was January 2014 with no precipitation at all, while the wettest was September 2009 with 293 mm.
Recent decades have seen warming, and there has been no overnight air frost in June since 1981. ; with its location on the Arctic Circle the city features one of the largest latitudinal temperature anomalies on Earth. Data in table below is from Bodø Airport, summer daily highs are often warmer in the city center. 
Earlier weather data for Bodø, which then had a subpolar Oceanic Climate (Cfc). 
Military.
Bodø has a long history with the Norwegian Armed Forces, and especially the Royal Norwegian Air Force (RNoAF). The Norwegian Armed Forces Joint Operational Headquarters are located at Reitan, east of Bodø. Parts of NATO air forces attending the annual Cold Response are stationed at Bodø Main Air Station. Bodø MAS is a major Norwegian military air base, housing two-thirds of Norway's F-16 fighter force and two of RNoAFs SAR Sea Kings. Bodø, competing with Ørland and Evenes, is a candidate for the Northern Air Base in the new RNoAF system.
Bodin Leir located near the air station was an RNoAF recruit school including Norwegian Advanced Surface to Air Missile System personnel and a national response unit. The base was central during the Cold War due to its strategic location and proximity to the Soviet Union. It would have been vital in the build-up of NATO air and land forces to defend Norway, and thus the entire northern flank of NATO, in a war with the Warsaw Pact. It could also have been used as a forward base for American bombers to strike targets in the Soviet Union. Now Bodin Leir is an camp to house military personnel for The Norwegian Joint Headquarters and Bodø Main Air Station.
Bodø has a street named "General Fleischer's Gate" in honour of Carl Gustav Fleischer.
Bodø received international attention during the U-2 Crisis in May 1960, when it became known that the American U-2 pilot Gary Powers had been shot down over the Soviet Union on his way from Pakistan to Bodø.
Culture.
Bodø's local newspaper is the "Avisa Nordland".
The Norwegian Aviation Museum and Salten Museum are located in Bodø. Salten Museum has four exhibitions: The Lofoten Fisheries, a Sami exhibit, a Viking treasure, and an exhibition about Bodø's history from 1816 to 2000.
The Bodø Cathedral was built in 1956, representing post-war architecture, whereas the Bodin Church just outside the city centre dates from the 13th century, representing a typical medieval stone church. Other churches in the town include Hunstad Church and Rønvik Church. 
The new cultural centre "Stormen" (the storm) was opened in 2014. It contains a library, a concert hall and theater. The building is designed by Daniel Rosbottom and David Howarth. Bodø is host to the cultural festivals Nordland Musikkfestuke and Parkenfestivalen every summer, as well as the free and volunteer based Bodø Hardcore Festival in early winter.
Fram Kino was the first cinema in Norway. It was started in the year 1908.
Sports.
Bodø's main professional team is the football club Bodø/Glimt, playing in Eliteserien, the top division of football in Norway.
In addition to Bodø/Glimt, Bodø has had several teams at national top level, including Grand Bodø (women's football), Junkeren (women's handball) and Bodø HK (men's handball).
The most well-known sporting arena in Bodø is Aspmyra Stadion, which in addition to being the home of Bodø/Glimt has hosted one international match.
Also, the multi-purpose indoor Bodø Spektrum, contains full-size football and handball courts, as well as several swimming and bathing facilities.
The town is also home of Bodø Barbarians, a leading rugby league team.

</doc>
<doc id="56877439" url="?curid=56877439" title="New York City Off-Track Betting Corporation">
New York City Off-Track Betting Corporation


</doc>
<doc id="56877443" url="?curid=56877443" title="Waqf (tajwid)">
Waqf (tajwid)


</doc>
<doc id="56877454" url="?curid=56877454" title="Wei Lijie (table tennis)">
Wei Lijie (table tennis)

Wie Lijie () also known as Wei Li-Chieh is a former international table tennis player from China.
Table tennis career.
She won a silver medal at the 1977 World Table Tennis Championships in the women's doubles with Zhu Xiangyun.

</doc>
<doc id="56877455" url="?curid=56877455" title="Albinia Catherine de la Mare">
Albinia Catherine de la Mare


</doc>
<doc id="56877460" url="?curid=56877460" title="Albinia de la Mare">
Albinia de la Mare


</doc>
<doc id="56877462" url="?curid=56877462" title="Mary Noble, Backstage Wife">
Mary Noble, Backstage Wife


</doc>
<doc id="56877463" url="?curid=56877463" title="A.C. de la Mare">
A.C. de la Mare


</doc>
<doc id="56877464" url="?curid=56877464" title="Concertinafish">
Concertinafish


</doc>
<doc id="56877465" url="?curid=56877465" title="Concertina fish">
Concertina fish


</doc>
<doc id="56877466" url="?curid=56877466" title="Western OTB">
Western OTB


</doc>
<doc id="56877473" url="?curid=56877473" title="Francis Reynolds">
Francis Reynolds

Francis Reynolds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56877509" url="?curid=56877509" title="Medicine (Harry Styles song)">
Medicine (Harry Styles song)


</doc>
<doc id="56877513" url="?curid=56877513" title="Barnacle geese">
Barnacle geese


</doc>
<doc id="56877515" url="?curid=56877515" title="Personk">
Personk

Personk is a 1978 video game, and the debut work of Tom Snyder, who would later release many educational series under Tom Snyder Productions.
Development.
Snyder is an educator and video game developer. Snyder, who had a master's degree in teaching, attained a teaching job in the 1970s and eventually began thinking about teaching aids.
In 1978, Snyder had a meeting arranged with the head of game acquisitions at Parker Bros. He hoped to present a wood-wire-string contraption named "Personk", that was a simplified model of a computer. Despite having planned the meeting for months, constantly redesigning the game and putting considerable time and money into the project, he went to the meeting on the wrong date and lost the opportunity.
This event gave Snyder a creative burst of energy; within the week he had purchased a microcomputer, taught himself to program, and transformed the three-dimensional "Personk" into a piece of software for children with the assistance of a Radio Shack Model 1.
Legacy.
His first innovation, the game turned into an experiment that foreshadowed the rest of his career. Snyder would immediately follow the game with a series of educational titles collectively referred to as The Search Series.

</doc>
<doc id="56877517" url="?curid=56877517" title="Earl Steven Karr">
Earl Steven Karr


</doc>
<doc id="56877521" url="?curid=56877521" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres hurdles">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 60 metres hurdles

The men's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in Milan.
Results.
Heats.
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
First 3 from each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56877525" url="?curid=56877525" title="Capital OTB">
Capital OTB


</doc>
<doc id="56877529" url="?curid=56877529" title="XO Records (record label)">
XO Records (record label)


</doc>
<doc id="56877530" url="?curid=56877530" title="Cristian Ramírez (Argentine footballer)">
Cristian Ramírez (Argentine footballer)

Cristian Ezequiel Ramírez (born 29 March 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Thesprotos.
Career.
Ramírez began in the youth system of Argentine Primera División team Lanús, he was selected to represent the U20s at the 2016 U-20 Copa Libertadores in Paraguay; subsequently scoring three goals in five matches as Lanús finished fourth. On 20 July 2017, Ramírez joined fellow Primera División side Talleres on loan. His professional and Talleres debut came during a 5–2 victory over his parent club Lanús on 26 August. Ahead of the 2019–20 campaign, Ramírez switched Argentina for Greece after agreeing terms with Football League side Thesprotos. He scored four goals in twenty appearances in his first season.

</doc>
<doc id="56877534" url="?curid=56877534" title="List of pair-houses">
List of pair-houses


</doc>
<doc id="56877543" url="?curid=56877543" title="Pair house">
Pair house


</doc>
<doc id="56877544" url="?curid=56877544" title="Pair house architecture">
Pair house architecture


</doc>
<doc id="56877545" url="?curid=56877545" title="Cristian Ramírez">
Cristian Ramírez


</doc>
<doc id="56877548" url="?curid=56877548" title="M69W">
M69W


</doc>
<doc id="56877549" url="?curid=56877549" title="Pair-house architecture">
Pair-house architecture


</doc>
<doc id="56877552" url="?curid=56877552" title="2018 Roscommon Senior Football Championship">
2018 Roscommon Senior Football Championship

The 2018 Roscommon Senior Football Championship is the 118th edition of Roscommon GAA's premier Gaelic football tournament for senior graded clubs in County Roscommon, Ireland. The tournament consists of 12 teams, with the winner representing Roscommon in the Connacht Senior Club Football Championship.
The championship starts with a seeded group stage and then progresses to a knock out stage.
St. Brigid's were the defending champions for the second season running after they defeated Roscommon Gaels in the previous years final.
Michael Glavey's (as Connacht I.C.F.C. champions and All-Ireland I.C.F.C. runners-up bounced straight back to the top flight for this season from the Intermediate ranks after relegation in 2016, through claiming the 2017 I.F.C. title. 
Team Changes.
The following teams have changed division since the 2017 championship season. 
To S.F.C..
Promoted from 2017 Roscommon I.F.C.
From S.F.C..
Relegated to 2018 Roscommon I.F.C.
Group stage.
All 12 teams enter the competition at this stage.
The competition split into two groups, based on their performance in the 2017 Group stages. Group 1 consists of teams who reached the Quarter-Finals last year or better. Group 2 consists of two bottom placed finishers in Group 1 last year as well as 3rd and 4th placed in Group 2 last year, the 2017 Relegation Playoff winners and the 2016 Intermediate champions.
The top 2 teams in Group 1 go into the Semi-Finals, where they await the winners of the Quarter-Finals, which are composed of the 3rd and 4th placed teams in Group 1 along with the top 2 finishers in Group 2. The bottom 2 teams in Group 2 will enter a Relegation Playoff.

</doc>
<doc id="56877560" url="?curid=56877560" title="Samuel Talbert">
Samuel Talbert


</doc>
<doc id="56877563" url="?curid=56877563" title="Sam Talbert">
Sam Talbert


</doc>
<doc id="56877570" url="?curid=56877570" title="Samuel Stubbs Talbert">
Samuel Stubbs Talbert


</doc>
<doc id="56877578" url="?curid=56877578" title="Museum of Salt and Pepper Shakers">
Museum of Salt and Pepper Shakers

The Museum of Salt and Pepper Shakers is located in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. It houses more than 20,000 pairs of salt and pepper shakers from all over the world. There is also a sister museum in El Castell de Guadalest, Alicante, Spain, which displays another 20,000 pairs. The museum was founded in 2002 by Andrea Ludden, a Belgian archaeologist. Her stated goal was to show the creativity of all the artists that have crafted an everyday item into a myriad of shapes and materials.
History.
Andrea started collecting pepper mills in 1984 and soon, salt and pepper shakers became the focus of her collection. In 2002, the museum opened in Cosby, Tennessee before moving to Winery Square, in Gatlinburg, Tennessee in 2005. According to Food Network's Unwrapped TV program, over 20,000 people have visited the museum in 2005.
In May 2010, Andrea opened a sister museum "Museo de Saleros y Pimenteros" in El Castell de Guadalest, Alicante, Spain.
Organization and purpose.
The galleries consist of many display cases which exhibit the shakers in categories: Christmas, Plastic, Americana, Amish, Wood, Vegetables, Transportation, Chefs, Foods, Drinks, Chickens, Cows, Cats and Dogs, Wild Animals, Marine, Characters, Souvenirs, Asian, Glass, Metals and Delft. The shakers are also organized by material and color, and if a particular set comes in more than one color, these are included to show all the possibilities.
There is a section dedicated to Morton Salt Company, which explains how shakers came to be, thanks to Morton's invention that helps salt not clump together. Before shakers, salt was stored in salt cellars, which are also displayed in the collection. The museum also includes more than 1500 Pepper Mills.
The museums have both an entertainment and educational purpose. As Andrea Ludden said: "All my effort is to show the 20s, the 40s, the 60s, etc, how civilization can change, you see it through the salt and pepper shakers". The museum is often visited by art students as well as home schoolers. The museum is also a dog-friendly establishment.
The museum is often consulted to settle the question of How many holes for Salt or Pepper?
In the media.
The two museums are often in the media. The fact that such a mundane item can be both utilitarian and decorative has inspired many artists to create beautiful, unusual, comical, and yet practical shakers. What surprises visitors and reviewers alike, is that once the amazing variety is revealed, they can never be taken for granted again.

</doc>
<doc id="56877579" url="?curid=56877579" title="Saara Chaudry">
Saara Chaudry

Saara Chaudry (born June 7, 2004) is an Indian-Canadian actress. She is most noted for her performances in "The Breadwinner", for which she won an ACTRA Award for Best Voice Performance and was a finalist for Voice Acting in a Feature Production at the 45th Annie Awards, and ', for which she was a shortlisted Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Performance in an Animated Television Program or Series at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards. She has also appeared in the television series "Combat Hospital", ', "Odd Squad", "Max &amp; Shred" and "Dino Dana".

</doc>
<doc id="56877585" url="?curid=56877585" title="Catskill OTB">
Catskill OTB


</doc>
<doc id="56877590" url="?curid=56877590" title="SDSU CES">
SDSU CES


</doc>
<doc id="56877594" url="?curid=56877594" title="Philipp Friedrich Graf Breuner">
Philipp Friedrich Graf Breuner


</doc>
<doc id="56877597" url="?curid=56877597" title="Football rivalries in Germany">
Football rivalries in Germany


</doc>
<doc id="56877600" url="?curid=56877600" title="Van-Hanh">
Van-Hanh


</doc>
<doc id="56877601" url="?curid=56877601" title="Monk Van-Hanh">
Monk Van-Hanh


</doc>
<doc id="56877603" url="?curid=56877603" title="Wilderich Freiherr von Waldendorff">
Wilderich Freiherr von Waldendorff


</doc>
<doc id="56877604" url="?curid=56877604" title="Em Flach">
Em Flach

Justin Hunter better known by his stage name Em Flach, is an Australian musician, producer and photographer. His debut single "Let It Fall" is his first release under the name Em Flach.
Biography.
Hunter was raised in Katoomba, New South Wales located in the Blue Mountains (New South Wales) of Australia. He began playing piano by studying the Japanese Suzuki method, until furthering his studies at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music located in Sydney, Australia. Much of his youth was spent playing local concert halls in Sydney before releasing his first album "sip" in 2004.
Career.
Hunter began creating music under the name Em Flach after drawing inspiration from his Grandmother, who lived in the Netherlands where she supported her husband who worked for the Dutch Resistance against the Nazi Regime. While he was still studying at the Conservatorium of Music, Em Flach began writing songs inspired by his hometown and the mountains surrounding it.
His first major hit, "Your Love" with DJ Kid Kenobi, reached #7 on the ARIA club charts. He has since performed alongside American singer-songwriter Ingrid Michaelson and Perth-based musician and producer Ta-Ku on Triple J's popular segment Like a Version and Spotify Live Sessions. He is currently collaborating with artists such as Allday, Kid Kenobi,
Hiatus Kaiyote singer, Jace Excel and Abbe May.
"Let It Fall" was the first track off of Flach's debut EP, "#LDKS." It includes collaborations with Australian beat-maker Tomasz Charuk and the vocals of lead singer Kearna Murray from Australian hip-hop outfit Peaks and the Japanese rapping poetry of DAG FORCE. Featured on the music blog "acid ted" it was labeled as, "classy downtempo hip hop. A delightfully melodic air to the track, with the right amount of swing."

</doc>
<doc id="56877605" url="?curid=56877605" title="German football derbies">
German football derbies


</doc>
<doc id="56877609" url="?curid=56877609" title="Franz Anton Graf von Harrach">
Franz Anton Graf von Harrach


</doc>
<doc id="56877611" url="?curid=56877611" title="Franz Ferdinand Freiherr von Rummel">
Franz Ferdinand Freiherr von Rummel


</doc>
<doc id="56877612" url="?curid=56877612" title="2002 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
2002 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 2002 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 2002 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference (GNAC).
The 2002 Lumberjacks were led by third-year head coach Doug Adkins. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished the season with a record of one win and ten losses (1–10, 0–3 GNAC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 182–376 for the 2002 season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 2003 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56877617" url="?curid=56877617" title="Sigismund Graf von Kollonitz">
Sigismund Graf von Kollonitz


</doc>
<doc id="56877620" url="?curid=56877620" title="Sigismund Anton Graf von Hohenwart">
Sigismund Anton Graf von Hohenwart


</doc>
<doc id="56877625" url="?curid=56877625" title="Regina Barr">
Regina Barr

Regina Barr (born February 17, 1965) is an American politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, she represented District 52B in the southeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.
Early life, education, and career.
Barr was born on February 17, 1965. She was raised by a single mother of four children. Barr attended Adelphi University, graduating with a Bachelor of Business Administration in finance and later a Master of Business Administration in marketing. She also attended Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, graduating with a Master of Arts in human development.
Barr founded Red Ladder, a corporate consulting and executive coaching firm, in 2003. She has served on the boards of the Breast Cancer Education Association and Minnesota Excellence in Public Service.
Barr has announced her intention to challenge one-term incumbent DFL congresswoman Angie Craig in Minnesota's 2nd congressional district for the upcoming 2020 House of Representatives election.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Barr was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 2016.
Personal life.
Barr and her husband, Kevin, reside in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="56877626" url="?curid=56877626" title="Mandarinal examination">
Mandarinal examination


</doc>
<doc id="56877627" url="?curid=56877627" title="Mandarinal examinations">
Mandarinal examinations


</doc>
<doc id="56877629" url="?curid=56877629" title="Thiruvambadi Sivasundar">
Thiruvambadi Sivasundar

Thiruvambadi Sivasundar ( 1964 — March 11, 2018) was an Indian elephant who lived at the Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple in Thrissur, Kerala, India.
Career.
He was first named Pookkodan Sivan and once worked at a timber factory. In 2003, he was purchased by businessman Sundar Menon for ₹28 lakh. Menon then gave him as an offering to the deity at the Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple. From then on, he carried the idol on behalf of the temple during Thrissur's annual Pooram festival.
Death.
He died at 1:30 am, on March 11, 2018. He was experiencing constipation and losing weight for the last 67 days of his life, during which time he was receiving treatment.
Thousands of people attended his funeral. It was then taken to Kodanad in Kerala where he was cremated and his ashes buried.

</doc>
<doc id="56877630" url="?curid=56877630" title="Confucian examinations">
Confucian examinations


</doc>
<doc id="56877632" url="?curid=56877632" title="Confucian examination">
Confucian examination


</doc>
<doc id="56877643" url="?curid=56877643" title="High school dropouts">
High school dropouts


</doc>
<doc id="56877647" url="?curid=56877647" title="Drpeppersjadedheartsclubband">
Drpeppersjadedheartsclubband


</doc>
<doc id="56877650" url="?curid=56877650" title="Radiologically isolated syndrome">
Radiologically isolated syndrome

Radiologically isolated syndrome (RIS) is a clinical situation in which a person has white matter lesions suggestive of multiple sclerosis (MS), as shown on an MRI scan that was done for reasons unrelated to MS symptoms. The nerve lesions in these people show dissemination in space with an otherwise normal neurological examination and without historical accounts of typical MS symptoms.
MRI findings that are consistent with multiple sclerosis have been observed in healthy people who underwent MRI scanning, and 50% go on to develop symptomatic MS, sometimes with a primary progressive course. This condition was first characterized in 2009.
Diagnosis.
The criteria for an RIS diagnosis are as follows:
Discovery.
RIS is discovered when an MRI scan is performed for other reasons. The most common symptom that led to the incidental discovery of RIS is headache. Other common reasons are trauma, psychiatric disorders, and endocrinological disorders.
Management.
Currently, routine clinical follow-up and MRI neuroimaging surveillance is the standard by which patients are observed. While treatment of MS disease modifying therapies have been given to some individuals with RIS, the majority opt for active surveillance and the appearance of clinical symptoms before commencing treatment, as treatment is considered controversial.
Prognosis.
In a 5 year study, clinical events, which refers to the first symptoms of exacerbations, clinical attacks, flare ups, or severe symptoms, indicative of MS, appeared in 34% of individuals. Of those who developed symptoms, 9.6% fulfilled criteria for primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS).
Epidemiology.
Due to the incidental nature of RIS, exact figures on prevalence is unknown, though it has been suggested that RIS is the most common type of asymptomatic MS. The prevalence may be higher in relatives of patients with MS. One study, at a university hospital that is located in a high region of MS disease incidence, put the disease prevalence at approximately 1 in 2000. An earlier study in 1961 of 15,644 autopsies found 12 cases (0.08%) of unexpected MS findings without a previous history of MS symptoms. The mean age of first indication of RIS from 451 patients is 37.2 years.
RIS in children.
Though rare, some children that have had MRI scans for reasons unrelated to MS have shown signs of RIS. The most common reason for an initial MRI in these children was a headache. The first occurrence of a clinical event characteristic of MS in nearly half of the children examined was 2 years, though in a majority of cases, 'radiologic evolution', i.e. the increase in the number of size of lesions as detected in subsequent MRI, developed after one year. The presence of oligoclonal bands in the CSF and spinal cord lesions were associated with an increased risk of a first clinical event characteristic of MS. It was found that children with RIS had a substantial risk of subsequent clinical symptoms and/or radiologic evolution.
Research directions.
Current studies have been noted as being short in study duration; longer prospective studies, tracking the development of potential disease progression over a longer period of time are warranted. This will ensure the current criteria in RIS is satisfactory and whether consideration should be given to treating individuals with RIS on current MS medication.
Etymology.
The acronym RIS was coined in 2009 by Okuda and colleagues. Siva and colleagues suggested an alternate name, radiologically uncovered asymptomatic possible inflammatory-demyelinating disease (RAPIDD).

</doc>
<doc id="56877660" url="?curid=56877660" title="The Search Series">
The Search Series

The Search Series is a five-game series of educational video games by Tom Snyder Productions and published by McGraw-Hill Education in 1980. It runs on either Apple II or Radio Shack Models I and III.
Development.
In the late 1970s, Snyder had bought a Radio Shack computer and began designing educational simulations on it. He hired a consultant for $500 a day to observe whether his creations had value. The consultant saw something special and won Snyder a contract McGraw-Hill, who bought all five packages immediately, forming The Search Series. Snyder went on the road in 1981 to promote the series.
Educational goals.
The series exemplified Snyder's philosophy of keeping learning in the foreground of the gaming experience and encouraging players (recommended within the classroom) to work together in teams. The content was specifically designed to connect with curricula.
An example of the aplot is Geography Search, which simulates Christopher Columbus's discovery of the New World. Teams make navigational decisions based on information that is provided by and managed from the software.
Gameplay.
Players are given scenarios, then (ideally) divide up into teams to choose the next move their defending their position. They input their decisions into the simulation which then triggers the next stage.
Reception.
"Educational Values and Cognitive Instruction" felt "Geography Search" was an excellent example of a computer-based situated learning environment based on a microworld. InfoWorld was impressed with the software, and deemed them a great way to explore simulations. In a piece for "CNN", Henry F. Olds believed that the series had great power to stimulate students' thinking and problem-solving. "Diagnostic Monitoring of Skill and Knowledge Acquisition" felt that "Geography Search" was the "most ingenious" computer-based system for teaching history. The book "Building Intelligent Interactive Tutors" felt that as an open-ended learning environment (OLE), the software did not interact directly with the player and help them to manage the environment.
"Compute Gazette" noted that the series was still selling well four years after its release.

</doc>
<doc id="56877674" url="?curid=56877674" title="Franz Anton von Harrach zu Rorau">
Franz Anton von Harrach zu Rorau


</doc>
<doc id="56877675" url="?curid=56877675" title="Mr. Activision">
Mr. Activision


</doc>
<doc id="56877676" url="?curid=56877676" title="Eppd">
Eppd


</doc>
<doc id="56877678" url="?curid=56877678" title="Sigismund Kollonitsch">
Sigismund Kollonitsch


</doc>
<doc id="56877681" url="?curid=56877681" title="Five Smooth Stones">
Five Smooth Stones

Five Smooth Stones is a 1966 novel by Ann Fairbairn, set in the era of the American civil rights movement. 
The novel's African-American protagonist, David Champlain, was born into the poverty and Jim Crow justice of Depression-era New Orleans. His father was lynched by a white mob and he was raised by his grandparents. David himself is brilliant and lucky and is graduated from a Midwestern college, then Harvard Law School, then Oxford. David and a white woman, Sara Kent, fall in love, but David fears for their future as a mixed-race couple in America. David chooses to practice international law and serve abroad as a diplomat. But the death – perhaps murder – of his grandfather brings David back to New Orleans, where he is plunged into the turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement and takes a leadership role. Tragedy ensues.
Fairbairn's experience managing the national and international tours of jazz clarinetist George Lewis provided the background and impetus for writing this, her first novel. 
The book title comes from the biblical story of David and Goliath; chapter 17 verse 40 of the First Book of Samuel says: "Then he [David] took his staff in his hand, chose five smooth stones from the stream, put them in the pouch of his shepherd's bag and, with his sling in his hand, approached the Philistine [Goliath]." 
"Five Smooth Stones", of epic length (more than 900 pages), was a Literary Guild selection in 1967. Kirkus Reviews describes the novel as "readable" but decries "its utter predictability" and opines that "the characters are unrememberable; as writing, it is unremarkable", but nevertheless "it dramatizes and empathizes the experience of a minority in a way which will reach the majority". Wilma Dykeman, in "The New York Times Book Review"', described it as "richly realized" and "refreshing". 

</doc>
<doc id="56877705" url="?curid=56877705" title="Johann Baptist Rudolph Kutschker">
Johann Baptist Rudolph Kutschker


</doc>
<doc id="56877706" url="?curid=56877706" title="Foundations for American Education">
Foundations for American Education


</doc>
<doc id="56877707" url="?curid=56877707" title="Charles Marescoe">
Charles Marescoe


</doc>
<doc id="56877710" url="?curid=56877710" title="Dorothy Tait">
Dorothy Tait


</doc>
<doc id="56877711" url="?curid=56877711" title="First Le dynasty">
First Le dynasty


</doc>
<doc id="56877721" url="?curid=56877721" title="Friedrich Nausea">
Friedrich Nausea


</doc>
<doc id="56877723" url="?curid=56877723" title="Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 8">
Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 8

Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 8 is the tenth remix album released by singer-songwriter Koda Kumi, and eighth in her "Driving Hit's" series – those outside of the series were "Koda Kumi Remix Album" (2006) and "Beach Mix" (2012). The album was released on March 28, 2018, one month after her studio album "AND." It became her lowest-ranking remix album, debuting at No. 27 on the Oricon Albums Charts. It fell in ranking throughout the week, landing it at No. 40 for the weekly ranking.
Many of the songs for the album were from the album "AND," with only five of the sixteen tracks being pulled from prior albums and/or singles. Those from earlier albums including "real Emotion" from "Grow into One" (2003), "Freaky" from "Kingdom" (2008), "Sometimes Dreams Come True" from "Walk of My Life" (2015), "You're So Beautiful" from "Universe" (2010) and "" from "secret" (2005). The album had two separate remixes of "All Right," which was track No. 7 from "AND."
The album became her first in the "Driving Hit's" series to include a background outside of the standard blank canvas.
Twelve remix artists performed for the album, including TeddyLoid, who has worked with Kumi since "Driving Hit's 4" (2012), KATFYR, Voia, and James Landino.
Charts (Japan).
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="56877725" url="?curid=56877725" title="Antonín Brus von Muglitz">
Antonín Brus von Muglitz


</doc>
<doc id="56877774" url="?curid=56877774" title="Complete Chronicle of Dai Viet">
Complete Chronicle of Dai Viet


</doc>
<doc id="56877775" url="?curid=56877775" title="Patrick Mayrhofer">
Patrick Mayrhofer

Patrick Mayrhofer (born 15 September 1987) is Austria's most successful Paralympic Snowboarder. He won Silver in the Banked Slalom at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in PyeongChang, South Korea, Gold in the Banked Slalom at the 2015 World Para Snowboard World Championships in La Molina, Spain, and Silver in the Banked Slalom at the 2019 World Para Snowboard World Championships in Pyhä, Finland.
In 2015 he was honored as the Paralympic Austrian Sports Personality of the Year ().
Biography.
Born in Helfenberg, Upper Austria in 1987, Mayrhofer had been snowboarding since childhood. He worked as an electrician until an accident in February 2008, when he guiltless touched a 6000-volt power line, causing serious injury on his right upper leg, left forearm and right hand. On his right hand the thumb and parts of the middle finger needs to be amputated. 
After several unsuccessful attempts to reconstruct the function of his left hand Mayrhofer decides to amputate his left hand. His surgeon Dr. Oskar Aszmann from the University of Vienna worked close together with the prosthesis technology company Ottobock. So Mayrhofer became the first patient in the world to undergo elective amputation. His left hand was amputated around below the elbow in July 2010. After this, he was fitted with a groundbreaking prosthesis, known as a "Michelangelo Hand", The elective amputation allows Mayrhofer to control the prosthesis in the same way as non-amputees do: EMG electrodes in the prosthesis detect muscle signals within the lower arm which can be used for prosthesis control. 
He can open bottles, tie shoelaces and brush his teeth within a short period of time. After the amputation, he worked closely with Ottobock's R&amp;D department giving feedback to the engineers; in 2013 he joined the company as a product specialist in upper limb prosthesis.
Paralympic sport.
Visiting a prosthetics trade show in 2012, Mayrhofer saw a stall run by the Austrian Paralympic Committee, which led to him deciding to pursue para-snowboarding.
At the 2015 World Para Snowboard World Championships at La Molina, Spain, Mayrhofer won the gold medal in the Banked Slalom and came fifth in snowboard cross.
In the 2018 Winter Paralympics, he competed in both snowboarding events, coming fifth in snowboard cross on 12 March but then winning the silver medal in Banked Slalom four days later.
At the 2019 World Para Snowboard World Championships at Pyhä, Finland, Mayrhofer won the silver medal in the Banked Slalom.
Personal life.
Mayrhofer is married.

</doc>
<doc id="56877782" url="?curid=56877782" title="Bristol park &amp; ride">
Bristol park &amp; ride


</doc>
<doc id="56877795" url="?curid=56877795" title="Dispersive Flies Optimisation">
Dispersive Flies Optimisation


</doc>
<doc id="56877798" url="?curid=56877798" title="Epiphania, Syria">
Epiphania, Syria


</doc>
<doc id="56877802" url="?curid=56877802" title="Saw Min Phyu">
Saw Min Phyu

Saw Min Phyu (, ; 1415–?) was a princess of Ava. She was the youngest daughter of the famous Crown Prince Minye Kyawswa and the mother of Queen Saw Myat Lay of Prome.
Brief.
Saw Min Hla was the youngest daughter of Crown Prince Minye Kyawswa and Saw Min Hla. She never knew her father as she was born in the year in which her father fell in action. She later became the third wife of Saw Shwe Khet, her much older half cousin, twice removed. She and Shwe Khet had three children together: Gov. Minye Kyawswa I of Kalay, Queen Saw Myat Lay of Prome, and Princess Myat Hpone Pyo of Tharrawaddy.
Ancestry.
The princess was descended from Ava and Pagan royal lines from her father's side.

</doc>
<doc id="56877810" url="?curid=56877810" title="Sonoma County Historic Landmarks and Districts">
Sonoma County Historic Landmarks and Districts

This is a list of Sonoma County Landmarks as designated by the Sonoma County's Landmark Commission.
It is intended to include all Sonoma County government-designated landmarks in unincorporated areas of Sonoma County, but to exclude landmarks in separately incorporated cities and towns. In general, the county will not designate landmarks within the borders of the county's cities and towns. However, within the current area of Windsor, California, which was not incorporated until 19xx, the county had already designated several landmarks. Windsor has assumed responsibility for these historic sites and has collected the documentation of those sites' histories. These Windsor sites are listed now within Windsor historical landmarks article and are not repeated here.
Some degree of preservation of historic nature of the Sonoma County Landmarks is performed by the County of Sonoma's Permit and Resource Management Department. (Which does not itself designate landmarks, but follows requirements for it to protect duly designated sites.)
"Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below."
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
Sonoma County listings.
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56877815" url="?curid=56877815" title="Mega System 1">
Mega System 1


</doc>
<doc id="56877824" url="?curid=56877824" title="Sorry (Gomen film)">
Sorry (Gomen film)


</doc>
<doc id="56877826" url="?curid=56877826" title="Standpipes">
Standpipes


</doc>
<doc id="56877827" url="?curid=56877827" title="Le Poing J">
Le Poing J


</doc>
<doc id="56877830" url="?curid=56877830" title="P2010A2">
P2010A2


</doc>
<doc id="56877838" url="?curid=56877838" title="Antoine Laganière">
Antoine Laganière

Antoine Charles Laganière (born July 5, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Straubing Tigers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Undrafted, Laganière played collegiate hockey with the Yale Bulldogs in the ECAC. In his senior season with the Bulldogs in 2012–13, Laganière was a focal part of the offense, placing third amongst Yale in contributing with 15 goals and 29 points in 37 games, to help the Bulldogs advance to the Frozen Four and capture the college's first NCAA Division 1 Championship title.
On April 17, 2013, as a coveted free agent, Laganière agreed to a one-year, entry-level contract with the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League. In his first professional season after attending the Ducks 2013 training camp he was assigned to American Hockey League primary affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals for the duration of the 2013–14 campaign. He established himself as a regular for Norfolk appearing in 72 games for 10 goals and 18 points. On July 18, 2014, he agreed to a one-year, two-way extension to remain with the Ducks.
In his second season assigned to the Norfolk Admirals in 2014–15, Laganière increased his offensive output with 14 goals and 21 points in 73 games. As an restricted free agent from the Ducks, Laganière was not signed to another NHL contract by the Ducks, however remained in the organization by agreeing to an AHL contract with inaugural affiliate, the San Diego Gulls on July 8, 2015.
After concluding his first season with San Diego in 2015–16 and having again increased his contribution within the team, Laganière agreed to return for his fourth season within the Ducks organization in signing a one-year extension with the Gulls on September 8, 2016. During the 2016–17 season, Laganière made his 200th appearance in the AHL, and established a career high of 21 goals and 16 assists for 37 points in 64 games.
As a free agent in the off-season, Laganière ended his association with the Ducks in opting to pursue a career abroad by signing a one-year contract with Finnish club, Ässät Pori of the Liiga on August 28, 2017. In the 2017–18 season, Laganière made a quick transition to the Finnish game, leading the club with 17 goals and placing second with 35 points in 57 games. Having progressed through the Wild Card round, he was unable to help Ässät progress past the qualifying round in a 4-1 series defeat to Oulun Kärpät, contributing with 4 points in 7 games.
Laganière left Finland after one season, opting to continue his European career in Germany, securing a one-year deal with the Straubing Tigers of the DEL on June 6, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56877841" url="?curid=56877841" title="MV Butiraoi">
MV Butiraoi

The MV "Butiraoi" was a wooden catamaran that operated as a ferry in Kiribati. On 18 January 2018, it left the island of Nonouti carrying 88 passengers. Bound for Betio, the ferry was planned to make the voyage in two days. According to survivors the overloaded ferry broke in half and sank. 
The ferry was reported missing on the 19th. On 26 January, Kiribati notified authorities in Fiji and New Zealand who, along with multiple fishing vessels, searched the areas surrounding the ferry's planned path. Australia and the US joined in the aerial search in the days that followed. Two days later, a Royal New Zealand Air Force Orion patrol plane spotted a wooden dinghy containing seven passengers of the "Butiraoi" who were then rescued by a nearby fishing vessel. The aerial search was called off on 1 February, with some fishing vessels continuing the search. No further passengers were found.
Investigation.
The ship's owner, Kirennang Tokiteba, in an interview with Michael Morrah, blamed the captain for running the ship aground a few days prior to the sinking, damaging the ship's propeller shaft. A survey done to assess the damage to the ship had found several problems with the ship, and stated that the ship was not to carry passengers. Tokiteba told Morrah that the captain defied those orders, boarding 88 people, including 5 crew members, despite the fact that during normal operations, the ship's maximum capacity was 69 passengers. The ship was also carrying of coconuts, well in excess of cargo limits.
The Kiribati maritime director was placed in charge of completing the official report, initially expected for late February to early March. However, on 14 March 2018, the Kiribati government asked for help from New Zealand, who sent over three investigators from the New Zealand Transport Accident Investigation Commission.
Obstruction of foreign journalists.
Following the sinking, the Kiribati government was criticised for purposefully obstructing foreign journalists who came to report on the incident. A team from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation was told by the Kiribati government they were not welcome and Newshub journalist Michael Morrah had his passport confiscated upon his arrival in the country. Morrah's team, after recording interviews with survivors, was interrogated by immigration officials and forced to delete the footage of the interview.

</doc>
<doc id="56877850" url="?curid=56877850" title="Antoine Laganiere">
Antoine Laganiere


</doc>
<doc id="56877864" url="?curid=56877864" title="The Transformation of the School">
The Transformation of the School

The Transformation of the School: Progressivism in American Education, 1876–1957 is a history of the American Progressive Education movement written by historian Lawrence Cremin and published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="56877866" url="?curid=56877866" title="Haunted USA">
Haunted USA

Haunted USA was an American paranormal television series that premiered on October 8, 2017 in the United States on the Travel Channel. The 4-part special series featured allegedly haunted cities or towns in America and their "darker side". Each episode focused on visitors claiming to encounter restless spirits, fearsome entities, and vengeful ghosts in allegedly haunted locations. Interviews with paranormal investigators, supernatural shop owners and ghost hunting tourists were featured.

</doc>
<doc id="56877878" url="?curid=56877878" title="Weekend in London (Dave Clark Five album)">
Weekend in London (Dave Clark Five album)


</doc>
<doc id="56877885" url="?curid=56877885" title="Dhaka Union of Journalists">
Dhaka Union of Journalists

The Dhaka Union of Journalists is a trade union of journalists based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Shaban Mahmud is the union's president and Sohel Haider Chowdhury is its general secretary. The union monitors freedom of speech and violence against journalists in Bangladesh.
History.
The Dhaka Union of Journalists was founded in 1947. It called for wages to be increased for journalists in the ninth wage board. In 2017, the union protested against section 57 of the Information and Communication Technology Act.

</doc>
<doc id="56877886" url="?curid=56877886" title="The Detail">
The Detail

The Detail is a Canadian television police procedural drama series, developed by Ley Lukins, that premiered on CTV on March 25, 2018. The series, which stars Angela Griffin in the lead role of Detective Stevie Hall, features a trio of female homicide detectives who solve crimes while dealing with their own personal lives. Although the series uses original scripts, the format is based upon British crime drama series "Scott &amp; Bailey". Following commission, a debut series of ten episodes was ordered by the network.
On June 5, 2018, just two days after the finale, it was announced that CTV had declined a recommission and the show would be cancelled after one season. Outside of Canada, the series was purchased by Viacom for broadcast on 5USA in the United Kingdom, with broadcast commencing on November 2, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56877889" url="?curid=56877889" title="Parkungi, New South Wales">
Parkungi, New South Wales

Parkungi located at in Central Darling Shire, New South Wales is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs nearby to the west.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert), and is almost unpopulated, with fewer than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845. In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby. Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56877893" url="?curid=56877893" title="Shenae Grimes-Beech">
Shenae Grimes-Beech


</doc>
<doc id="56877894" url="?curid=56877894" title="43rd Intelligence Squadron">
43rd Intelligence Squadron

The United States Air Force's 43d Intelligence Squadron is an intelligence unit located at Cannon Air Force Base, New Mexico. It provides intelligence support to Air Force Special Operations Command.
Mission.
The squadron is a uniquely tasked unit, chartered to provide specialized intelligence across the spectrum of conflict. Squadron personnel are trained and qualified to operate as aircrew on board almost every combat aircraft within the Air Force Special Operations Command inventory. By integrating all-source intelligence and electronic combat capability for special operations forces, the 43d has made its unique intelligence resources integral to special operations mission planning, rehearsal, and execution.
History.
World War II.
The 43d was first activated in Tunisia during World War II as the 4th Photographic Technical Squadron and assigned to the North African Photographic Reconnaissance Wing (Provisional) on 2 November 1943. When the 90th Photographic Wing replaced the provisional wing, the 4th Squadron was assigned to it. When the 5th Photographic Group was assigned to Fifteenth Air Force, the squadron was assigned to it, and for the remainder of the war provided processing and interpretation of mapping, bomb damage assessment and targeting materials produced by the group.
Korean War.
In August 1949, the squadron was redesignated the 363d Reconnaissance Technical Squadron. When the Korean War broke out in June 1950, the squadron was rushed to Japan to support reconnaissance operations of Far East Air Forces (FEAF). In September, these operations were brought together under the 543d Tactical Support Group. The squadron was inactivated in March 1951, when the 67th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing took over FEAF's expanding aerial reconnaissance operations and its assets transferred to the 67th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron.
Cold War.
The squadron was activated the same day at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina and assigned to the 363d Tactical Reconnaissance Wing. It was awarded an Air Force Outstanding Unit Award in 1962, for its support of reconnaissance operations during the Cuban Missile Crisis. It was inactivated on 1 September 1977. In 1984, the squadron was redesignated the 23d Reconnaissance Technical Squadron, but it was never active with this name.
Intelligence support for special operations forces.
Shortly after the 1 October 2007 conversion of the 27th Fighter Wing to the 27th Special Operations Wing, Detachment 1, 25th Intelligence Squadron was organized to extend the 25th's intelligence support to the wing's new mission. In response to the wing's rapid growth and demand for increased support, on 1 November 2011, the 43d Intelligence Squadron was activated to replace Detachment 1.

</doc>
<doc id="56877904" url="?curid=56877904" title="Friedrich von Boetticher">
Friedrich von Boetticher

Friedrich von Boetticher (October 14, 1881 in Berthelsdorf; September 28, 1967 in Bielefeld) he served as Lieutenant General in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II and served as military attachés of Germany to Washington, DC from 1933 to 1941. While serving as attaché, he provided many intelligence reports to Berlin documenting the isolationist movement in the United States, and the state of military preparedness before Pearl Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="56877924" url="?curid=56877924" title="Mbarara Regional Cancer Centre">
Mbarara Regional Cancer Centre

Mbarara Regional Cancer Centre (MRCC) is a public, specialized, tertiary care medical facility owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health. The facility is located along the Mbarara-Kabale Road, in the central business district of the city of Mbarara, on the campus of Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital. The coordinates of the centre are: 0°37'03.0"S, 30°39'17.0"E (Latitude:0.617500S, Longitude:30.654720E).
Overview.
MRCC is a cancer treatment, research, and teaching center, affiliated with the Mbarara University School of Medicine and with the Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital, the teaching hospital for the medical school. MRCC was founded in 2017, by Professor Frederick Kayanja and Professor Tony Wilson.
The establishment of the centre was informed by the increased patient burden at Uganda Cancer Institute, where 4,500 to 6,000 new patients are registered annually. MRCC was registering about 3,000 new patients annually (approximately 9 patients daily), as of March 2018. Other regional cancer centers established in this effort include Arua Regional Cancer Centre, Gulu Regional Cancer Centre and Mbale Regional Cancer Centre. As of March 2018, the MRCC is hosted on one of the wards of Mbarara Hospital.
In 2017, the government of Uganda borrowed €100 million (USh390 billion at that time), from the government of Austria to construct a brand new cancer center. The , where the new centre is going to be built, was donated by Mbarara University of Science and Technology.
As of February 2019, Mbarara Cancer Centre cared for a cohort of cancer patients that exceeded 20,000 in number.
Collaboration.
The cancer centre works in collaboration with Uganda Cancer Institute, the leading cancer treatment and research institute in Uganda, which is under transformation into the "East African Cancer Centre of Excellence".

</doc>
<doc id="56877925" url="?curid=56877925" title="New Zealand industry">
New Zealand industry


</doc>
<doc id="56877932" url="?curid=56877932" title="Mallambray (Parish), New South Wales">
Mallambray (Parish), New South Wales

Mallambray (Parish), in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer. The nearest town is Whitecliffs to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River.
Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845,
In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56877947" url="?curid=56877947" title="Mi-go">
Mi-go


</doc>
<doc id="56877951" url="?curid=56877951" title="Transformation of the School">
Transformation of the School


</doc>
<doc id="56877953" url="?curid=56877953" title="Sophie Blackall">
Sophie Blackall

Sophie Blackall is an Australian artist, author, and illustrator of children's books based in Brooklyn, New York. 
Early life and education.
Blackall was born in Melbourne, Australia in 1970.
In 1992, Blackall earned a Bachelor of Design from University of Technology Sydney.
Career.
Blackall started her career with various jobs such as painting robotic characters for theme parks, and authoring a household hints column. She also exhibited her paintings at galleries in Sydney and Melbourne. While in Australia, she married and had two children.
In 2000 she won a lottery for an immigration visa, and moved her family to Brooklyn, New York, even though she had no certainty of employment. She did various editorial work, and did several animated commercials for the UK market.
She began illustrating children's books in collaboration with writers. Her first illustrated book, "Ruby’s Wish" by Shirin Yim Bridges, won the Ezra Jack Keats Book Award in 2003. Eventually she began writing children's books on her own, as well as continuing her collaborative work. 
Her first book for adults, "Missed Connections: Love, Lost &amp; Found" (2011), was based on a blog for anonymous messages posted online by lovelorn strangers. She did a series of paintings for the book, based on some of these messages, and also made a poster for the MTA Arts for Transit program which was displayed in New York City subway cars the following year.
Her 2015 collaboration with Emily Jenkins, "A Fine Dessert: Four Centuries, Four Families, One Delicious Treat", was praised by reviewers but became the subject of controversy over its depiction of slavery.
She won the 2016 Caldecott Medal for "" and the 2019 Caldecott Medal for "Hello Lighthouse". 
, she has illustrated more than 30 books for children, including the "Ivy and Bean" series. For this 10-volume series, she collaborated with author Annie Barrows via email. They did not meet in person until halfway through their work on the series.
Blackall has also collaborated with authors such as Jacqueline Woodson, John Bemelmans Marciano, Jane Yolen, and Meg Rosoff. Her work also includes animated television commercials and editorial illustrations for newspapers and magazines.
She hides an image of a whale in every book, in honor of the novel "Moby Dick", by Herman Melville. Blackall dislikes it when an author refers to an illustrated book as "my book", feeling it diminishes the essential role of the illustrations.
She has seriously injured her hand in a fall while working at a children's camp. Rehabilitative physical therapy has only been partially successful; she may have to give up precision drawing, and change her creative methods. She is working on a converting a farmhouse in upstate New York into a retreat for writers and artists, and is thinking of doing more writing herself.

</doc>
<doc id="56877955" url="?curid=56877955" title="List of film formats (motion picture)">
List of film formats (motion picture)


</doc>
<doc id="56877959" url="?curid=56877959" title="David R. Daines">
David R. Daines

David Rainey Daines (born March 23, 1932) was the youngest federal judge in U.S. history—appointed at just 23 to the position of deputy United States commissioner in Territorial Anchorage Alaska during the Eisenhower administration. As of 2018, at 86, Daines is also likely the last surviving federal judge appointed during that administration, and continues practicing law more than 60 years after his service as commissioner.
Background.
Following Alaska being granted statehood in 1958, Daines resigned to pursue private practice. He would later serve as a district attorney in Cache County, Utah, and as a professor of water law and ethics at Utah State University.
Professional career.
Early career (1955–1967).
A year after Daines' appointment to deputy commissioner in 1955, he was appointed as the commissioner, and served in that capacity until 1958 when Alaska was granted statehood. Daines resigned in 1958 to start a private law practice, and ran unsuccessfully as a Republican candidate for one of the eleven new State House of Representative seats for Anchorage, coming in third among Republican candidates. All eleven Anchorage seats in the first State House of Representatives were won by Democrats in a statewide landslide.
Following the passing of his father in 1959, Daines returned to Logan, Utah, to take over his father's law practice. He ran successfully for district attorney for Utah's First Judicial District in a primary contest against the incumbent Republican. He was uncontested in the general election and took office in January, 1961. He served in that capacity until 1967, when in the middle of his second, uncontested four-year term as district attorney, he resigned to join the faculty at USU as a tenured professor of business law.
Academic career (1967–2006).
In 1969, as associate professor at USU, he began service in USAID's War on Hunger program as a water law and institutions specialist and also became USU's first professor of water law. Much of that service was in the Andean Region where he organized and directed the Andean Water Law Seminar of 1974, principally authored "Water Legislation in The Andean Pact Countries" 1974, consulted in drafting the 1974 Ecuador Water Code, designed and directed a survey of over 100 water-user organizations in four Andean countries, and served on the commission for the development of an international river between Ecuador and Peru. His work in the War on Hunger program also included serving as a member of the organizing committee of the first Global Water Law Systems conference in Valencia, Spain in 1975. He co-authored and co-presented "Water Law and Administration in The United States of America" for the conference. In the early 1980s he authored and directed the production of an irrigation training audio/video series at USU.
Bibliography.
Daines, David Rainey; Gonzalo, Falconi (1974). Water Legislation in the Andean Pact Countries (in English / Spanish). Logan, Utah: Utah State University Press. p. 258. .
Daines, David Rainey (1976). Water Law and Administration in the United States of America (Vol. II ed.). Fort Collins: Colorado State University. pp. 453–502.
Daines, David R.; Radosevich, George E. (1976). Overview of Water Law in the United States. University of Nebraska.
Daines, David R (1987). Visual Irrigation Training Modules with Sound Enhancements. Copyright PAu 1-069-556 (owned by Brigham Young University).

</doc>
<doc id="56877962" url="?curid=56877962" title="Willy (surname)">
Willy (surname)

Willy or Willie is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="56877968" url="?curid=56877968" title="The Report of Wenamun">
The Report of Wenamun


</doc>
<doc id="56877973" url="?curid=56877973" title="Ronald T. Farrar">
Ronald T. Farrar

Ronald T. Farrar (1935 – May 18, 2020) was an American journalist and academic. He was the chair of the Journalism Department at Southern Methodist University and University of Mississippi, and he later became the director of the School of Journalism at the University of Kentucky. He retired from academia as the Reynolds-Faunt Professor of Journalism at the University of South Carolina (USC) in 2001. He was the author of several academic books on journalism.
In 2011, he endowed the Ronald T. and Gayla D. Farrar Award for Media in Civil Rights History at USC.
Early life.
Ronald T. Farrar was born in 1935 in Fordyce, Arkansas and died on May 18, 2020. He graduated from the University of Arkansas, where he earned a bachelor of science degree in business in 1957. He earned a master's degree in journalism from the University of Iowa in 1962, and a PhD in History and Journalism from the University of Missouri in 1965.
Career.
Farrar began his career as a journalist in Arkansas, first as a reporter for the "Arkansas Democrat" in Little Rock, later as the news editor of the "Daily Press" in Paragould, and as the editor of the "Trumann Democrat" in Trumann. He also worked for "The Daily Iowan".
Farrar joined the Journalism Department at Indiana University Bloomington as an assistant professor in 1964, and later became a tenured associate professor. He was the chair of the Journalism Department at Southern Methodist University from 1970 to 1973.
Farrar served as chair of the journalism department at the University of Mississippi from 1973 to 1977.
Farrar was the director of the School of Journalism at the University of Kentucky from 1977 to 1986. He became the Reynolds-Faunt Professor of Journalism at the University of South Carolina in 1986, and he retired from academia in 2001. In 2011, he endowed the Ronald T. and Gayla D. Farrar Award for Media in Civil Rights History at USC.
Personal life.
Farrar was married to Gayle Hope Dennis. They had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="56877975" url="?curid=56877975" title="Gambool Parish, New South Wales">
Gambool Parish, New South Wales

Gambool located at 31°05′15″S 143°13′25″E in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs 2 km to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. 
Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, and in 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56877986" url="?curid=56877986" title="Foster, KY">
Foster, KY


</doc>
<doc id="56877987" url="?curid=56877987" title="Ron Farrar">
Ron Farrar


</doc>
<doc id="56877989" url="?curid=56877989" title="Ronald Farrar">
Ronald Farrar


</doc>
<doc id="56878001" url="?curid=56878001" title="Rebecca Goddard">
Rebecca Goddard


</doc>
<doc id="56878003" url="?curid=56878003" title="1903 Boston mayoral election">
1903 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1903 occurred on Tuesday, December 15, 1903. Democratic candidate and incumbent Mayor of Boston Patrick Collins defeated Republican candidate George N. Swallow, and two other contenders, to win a second term. 
Under legislation adopted in June 1903, this was the first Boston municipal election with "caucuses, henceforth to be called primaries", which were held on Thursday, November 19, 1903.
Inaugural exercises were held on Monday, January 4, 1904.
Results.
Republican primary.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="56878006" url="?curid=56878006" title="Menamurtee, New South Wales">
Menamurtee, New South Wales

Menamurtee located at 31°04′22″S 143°10′00″E, south of White Cliffs, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs a few kilometers to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu, 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late]] 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56878010" url="?curid=56878010" title="Peter Quenneville">
Peter Quenneville

Peter Quenneville (born March 9, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for Lausitzer Füchse of the DEL2.
Playing career.
Quenneville played junior hockey initially with the Sherwood Park Crusaders in the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) before moving to the United States Hockey League to play with the Dubuque Fighting Saints. Quenneville was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the seventh round, 195th overall, in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
After two seasons playing primarily in the ECHL with the Rapid City Rush, on June 19, 2021, Quenneville again embarked on a career abroad, agreeing to a one-year contract with German second tiered club, Lausitzer Füchse, of the DEL2.
Personal life.
His younger brother John was drafted 30th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, and his youngest brother David was drafted 200th overall in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft. Florida Panthers head coach Joel Quenneville is his first cousin, once-removed. New York Islanders defenceman Johnny Boychuk is his uncle by marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="56878015" url="?curid=56878015" title="Ray Morrison (American football coach)">
Ray Morrison (American football coach)


</doc>
<doc id="56878017" url="?curid=56878017" title="Chris Douglas (American football)">
Chris Douglas (American football)

Chris Douglas (born c. 1970) is an American football coach. He is the head football coach at Lyon College in Batesville, Arkansas, a position he has held since April 2020. Douglas served as the head football coach at Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas from 2002 to 2006 and MacMurray College in Jacksonville, Illinois from 2011 to 2019. 
Douglas is a native of Poteau, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="56878018" url="?curid=56878018" title="Mental health and homelessness">
Mental health and homelessness


</doc>
<doc id="56878022" url="?curid=56878022" title="Comcast Hometown Network">
Comcast Hometown Network

Comcast Hometown Network (CHN) is American cable television network owned by the Comcast Corporation that operates in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. It is available to over 2 million homes.

</doc>
<doc id="56878025" url="?curid=56878025" title="Deng Yubiao">
Deng Yubiao

Deng Yubiao (; born 8 June 1997) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shijiazhuang Ever Bright on loan from Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.
Club career.
Deng Yubiao moved aboard in 2013 and joined Portuguese side Oriental Dragon, who was founded by capital of China. He joined Campeonato de Portugal side Pinhalnovense in July 2016. On 28 August 2016, he made his senior debut in a 1–0 home win against Farense, coming on for Luís Leite in the injury time.
Deng transferred to Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao in July 2017. He made his debut for the club on 18 March 2018 in a 1–0 home win over Henan Jianye, coming on as a substitute for Alan Carvalho in the 85th minute.
On 27 February 2019, Deng was loaned to China League One side Guangdong South China Tiger for the 2019 season.
Honours.
Club.
Guangzhou Evergrande

</doc>
<doc id="56878028" url="?curid=56878028" title="Moonamurtie, New South Wales">
Moonamurtie, New South Wales

Moonamurtie, New South Wales south of White Cliffs, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish has an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs a few kilometers to the north.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu, 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River. Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late]] 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56878046" url="?curid=56878046" title="Ullollie, New South Wales">
Ullollie, New South Wales

Ullollie, New South Wales is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs several km to the north west.
Ullollie is at 31°03′02″S 143°27′09″E in Central Darling Shire.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River.
Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845,
In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56878053" url="?curid=56878053" title="Instinct (2018 TV series)">
Instinct (2018 TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56878063" url="?curid=56878063" title="Shuto Kawachi">
Shuto Kawachi

 is the assistant coach of the San-en NeoPhoenix in the Japanese B.League.

</doc>
<doc id="56878064" url="?curid=56878064" title="Brianna Turner">
Brianna Turner

Brianna Turner (born July 5, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She played college women's basketball for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's basketball team at the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. She is a native of Pearland, Texas.
She competed for the United States women's national basketball team at the 2012 FIBA Under-17 World Championship and the 2014 FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship.
College.
Turner played college basketball at the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana for the Fighting Irish. Turner led Notre Dame to the 2017 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament as a #1 seed after a 30–3 regular season record. During a game against Purdue in the second round of the tournament, Turner ruptured her ACL and was done for the season. She later announced that she would miss the 2017–18 season because of the same injury. She returned for her final season of eligibility in 2018–19 after receiving a hardship waiver from the NCAA.
Career.
WNBA.
At the 2019 WNBA Draft, Turner was selected in the first round by the Atlanta Dream and was then quickly traded to the Phoenix Mercury. There Turner would join a line-up featuring players such as Diana Taurasi and Brittney Griner. In September 2019, Turner was named to the 2019 All-Rookie Team.
WNBL.
In 2019, Turner was signed by the Adelaide Lightning in Australia's Women's National Basketball League (WNBL). There she would play alongside the likes of Crystal Langhorne, Stephanie Talbot and Laura Hodges.

</doc>
<doc id="56878066" url="?curid=56878066" title="An Elusive Science">
An Elusive Science

An Elusive Science: The Troubling History of Education Research is a history of American education research written by Ellen Condliffe Lagemann and published by University of Chicago Press in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="56878069" url="?curid=56878069" title="Beefwood Parish, New South Wales">
Beefwood Parish, New South Wales

Beefwood Parish, New South Wales is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. Beefwood is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer. The nearest town is Whitecliffs several km to the north west.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17°C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).
Beefwood is at 31°08′44″S 143°13′23″ in Central Darling Shire.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu, 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River.
Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845,
In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56878082" url="?curid=56878082" title="Edith Clarke (electrical engineer)">
Edith Clarke (electrical engineer)


</doc>
<doc id="56878083" url="?curid=56878083" title="Interplay (Al Haig album)">
Interplay (Al Haig album)

Interplay, is an album by jazz pianist Al Haig and bassist Jamil Nasser recorded in 1976 and released on the short-lived Sea Breeze label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn states, "Fine duets featuring pianist Al Haig during a busy period in the mid-'70s. He'd overcome personal problems and was cranking out albums left and right ... They are mostly excellent examples of Haig's surging bop style".

</doc>
<doc id="56878084" url="?curid=56878084" title="Tinkering toward Utopia">
Tinkering toward Utopia


</doc>
<doc id="56878087" url="?curid=56878087" title="Pierre Marchand (publisher)">
Pierre Marchand (publisher)


</doc>
<doc id="56878093" url="?curid=56878093" title="Nathan Goff Jr. (general)">
Nathan Goff Jr. (general)

 
Nathan Goff, Jr. was a Union Army officer from Rhode Island during the American Civil War.
Biography.
Early life.
Nathan Goff, Jr., son of Nathan and Nancy (Ingraham) Goff, was born in Warren, Rhode Island on August 5, 1827. His father was born in the same town in 1802, and his mother was born in Glocester, Rhode Island in 1803. In 1833 his parents moved from Warren to Bristol, Rhode Island, where Nathan received his education in the district school. 
At the age of seventeen he was apprenticed to the sail-making business with T. &amp; B. T. Cranston, and two years later, on the retirement of both members of that firm, he, with George E. Cranston, took over the business. In 1850 he engaged as an engraver with Smith, Dewey &amp; Eddy of Warren, in the manufacture of jewelry.
Civil War service.
In 1861 he was a brigadier-general in the Rhode Island Militia, and soon after the attack on Fort Sumter, he offered his services to Governor William Sprague of Rhode Island, to serve in any position given to him for the preservation of the Union. He soon after organized a company of volunteers in Bristol, which, with members from Warren, were called the Bristol County Company. As captain of this company, which became Company G, Second Rhode Island Volunteer Infantry, he was mustered into the United States service on June 6, 1861 for three years. 
He fought in the first Battle of Bull Run on July 21, 1861; the regiment was later assigned to the Army of the Potomac, participating in its many engagements. On July 24, 1862, he was promoted to be the major (third in command) of the 2nd Rhode Island and, on December 12, 1862, was promoted to lieutenant-colonel (second in command). 
In December 1863, by permission from the War Department, he appeared before General Casey's Board of Examination in Washington, and passed an examination for lieutenant-colonel with a rating of "first class". On December 31 he was assigned as the lieutenant colonel of the 22nd United States Colored Infantry and ordered to Yorktown, Virginia. Afterwards his new regiment became a part of the Army of the James.
In February 1864 he was presented by the citizens of Warren a sword, belt, sash, and other accouterments. At the Battle of Petersburg, Virginia on June 15, 1864, he was severely wounded and taken to Chesapeake Hospital in Hampton, Virginia. In October 1864, on the recommendation of his brigade and division commanders, he was promoted to the rank of colonel, and assigned to the command of the 37th United States Colored Infantry. He assumed command on November 10, 1864. Being detached from the Army of the James, he joined the expedition of Major General Benjamin F. Butler against Fort Fisher, North Carolina, also participating in the second expedition under Major General Alfred H. Terry, and fought in the capture of the fort. He fought in all subsequent engagements of the Army of the James in North Carolina until the surrender of General Joseph Johnston's army to General William T. Sherman, at Raleigh, North Carolina in late April 1865. 
In May 1865, Goff was assigned to the command of the post of Wilmington, North Carolina, and remained on duty in that state, the troops of his command occupying the forts on the coasts of North and South Carolina, being in temporary command of the District of Wilmington and Department of North Carolina. In June 1865, by recommendation of Major-General Charles J. Paine and Brigadier-General John W. Ames, his division and brigade commanders, he was promoted by the President to be brigadier-general of volunteers by brevet, "for long and faithful services and gallant conduct in the field". He was assigned on November 3, 1866, as president of a general court-martial at Raleigh, North Carolina, and, though his regiment was mustered out in February 1867, he was retained in the service as president of general court-martial till June 13, 1867, when he was honorably discharged, being among the last volunteer officers mustered out of service.
Post war.
Upon returning to Rhode Island, he returned to his former occupation in Providence. He later became a Companion of the Massachusetts Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States and was assigned insignia number 3148.
His talents, character, and public services caused him to be greatly respected by his fellow citizens. On August 10, 1870, he was appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant as deputy collector of customs for the port of Providence, a position which he held for more than twenty years. Politically, he was a Whig and a Republican. In his religious practice he was a Baptist.
He died in Warren on April 17, 1903 and is buried with his two wives on the South Burial Ground in that town. 
Family.
General Goff married his first wife, Sarah S. Surgens (b. 1827) of Warren, in November, 1849. By her he had three children - Ella S., Walter I., and Mabel D. Sarah died on October 13, 1888. He later married Helen M. Surgens (b. 1840), of Boston, Massachusetts. Helen survived him and died in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="56878112" url="?curid=56878112" title="Smith, John, 1580-1631">
Smith, John, 1580-1631


</doc>
<doc id="56878117" url="?curid=56878117" title="Ray Morrison (coach)">
Ray Morrison (coach)

Ray "Scooter" Morrison was an American football and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Friends University in Wichita, Kansas from 1955 to 1956 and at Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas from 1962 to 1963. Morrison was also head baseball coach at the Municipal University of Wichita—now known as Wichita State University—from 1957 to 1960, tallying a mark of 54–44. He coached football at Pratt High School in Kansas before moving to Southwestern.

</doc>
<doc id="56878120" url="?curid=56878120" title="Donald E. deKieffer">
Donald E. deKieffer

Donald E. deKieffer (November 8, 1945 - February 18, 2011) was an American lawyer. He was the co-founder of deKieffer &amp; Horgan, a Washington, D.C.-based international law firm, and the president of EDDI Inc., an anticounterfeiting and antidiversion company. In the 1970s, he acted as a lobbyist for the South African apartheid regime. He was the author of two books.
Early life.
Donald E. deKieffer was born on November 8, 1945 in Newport, Rhode Island.
DeKieffer was educated at Fairview High School in Boulder, Colorado. He graduated from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1968, and he earned a J.D. degree from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1971.
Career.
DeKieffer began his career as a speechwriter for the Senate Republican Policy Committee, where he worked from 1968 to 1971. He also worked as an agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). He was general counsel for the Office of the United States Trade Representative from 1981 to 1983.
DeKieffer was a partner at the law firms of Collier, Shannon, Rill and Scott, and Pillsbury, Madison and Sutro. As a lawyer for Collier, Shannon, Rill and Scott, deKieffer became a lobbyist for the apartheid regime of South Africa. For example, he met with members of the US House and Senate after contributing to their campaigns, invited American businessmen on trips to South Africa, and hired Lester Kinsolving to offer an alternative viewpoint to the Anti-Apartheid Movement at shareholders meetings.
In 1993, deKieffer co-founded deKieffer &amp; Horgan, a Washington, D.C.-based law firm whose focus was international trade. From 2004 to 2011, he was the president of EDDI Inc., "a Washington-based company that maintains databases relating to product counterfeiters and diverters."
DeKieffer was the author of two books.
Personal life and death.
DeKieffer married Nancy Kishida, a Japanese national. They had a son, and they resided in McLean, Virginia. He was "a devout Anglican Catholic."
DeKieffer died of a heart attack on February 18, 2011 in Boulder, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="56878122" url="?curid=56878122" title="Ellen Condliffe Lagemann">
Ellen Condliffe Lagemann


</doc>
<doc id="56878133" url="?curid=56878133" title="Abacus Bank">
Abacus Bank


</doc>
<doc id="56878147" url="?curid=56878147" title="Pookkodan Sivan">
Pookkodan Sivan


</doc>
<doc id="56878152" url="?curid=56878152" title="Cootawundy, New South Wales">
Cootawundy, New South Wales

Cootawundy in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape, with extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C, and winters around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
The nearest town to Cootawundy is Whitecliffs.

</doc>
<doc id="56878159" url="?curid=56878159" title="Cope (Parish), New South Wales">
Cope (Parish), New South Wales

Cope Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales. The nearest town is Whitecliffs.
Climate.
The Parish has an arid landscape, with extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate.
The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878162" url="?curid=56878162" title="T'ien-shui">
T'ien-shui


</doc>
<doc id="56878164" url="?curid=56878164" title="Florence MacMichael">
Florence MacMichael

Florence MacMichael (April 26, 1919 – May 28, 1999) was an American character actress of stage, film and television, best known for playing Winnie Kirkwood in the television series "Mister Ed".
Early life and education.
MacMichael was born in Hagerstown, Maryland, to Roy A. MacMichael and Mary Wahl MacMichael. She studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.
Career.
MacMichael started out on local radio, local theater and Broadway shows. A major role in the Broadway play "Out of the Frying Pan" led to her first film role in its 1943 adaptation, "Young and Willing". Her later film credits include "Woman Obsessed" (1959), "The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit" (1968) and "Welcome Home, Soldier Boys" (1972).
On television she played Florence Pearson in "My Three Sons" (1960–61), Winnie Kirkwood in "Mister Ed" (1963–65) and Barney Fife's girlfriend in two episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show". She also appeared in several episodes of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", and guest-starred on "The Twilight Zone" (in "Mr. Bevis"), "Bachelor Father", "Dennis the Menace", "The Donna Reed Show" and "Alcoa Premiere".
MacMichael was active in local theater, both as an actor and director. She was the founder of the Sierra Madre Studio Players and also worked at the Pasadena Playhouse.
Personal life.
MacMichael was married twice, first to Sebryn Myers and then to James McCoy. She had two children, a son and a daughter. She died at Cambria, California, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="56878169" url="?curid=56878169" title="306th Intelligence Squadron">
306th Intelligence Squadron

The United States Air Force's 306th Intelligence Squadron (306 IS) is an intelligence unit located at Will Rogers Air National Guard Base, Oklahoma. It oversees advanced technical training and initial qualification of airborne intelligence operators preparing to support Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC).
Mission.
The 306 Intelligence Squadron trains and qualifies Airborne Cryptologic Operators to execute Special Operations missions worldwide. 
History.
The 306 IS was originally activated on 5 October 2012 to support Air Combat Command's (ACC) then-new MC-12W Liberty Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance aircraft. As the unit grew in strength and technical expertise, it also became responsible for an advanced portion of the initial training for many airborne intelligence operators prior to either remaining at Beale AFB or proceeding to a follow-on assignment to support Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC). Eventually, ACC drew the MC-12W program to a close and relocated the aircraft, transferring them to either the U.S. Army or U.S. Special Operations Command. On 6 March 2017, the 306 IS officially relocated to Will Rogers Air National Guard Base, Oklahoma, expanding its training mission to encompass all airborne intelligence operators supporting AFSOC aircraft and reuniting with the MC-12W Liberty aircraft based there under the 137th Special Operations Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="56878173" url="?curid=56878173" title="Dawes (Parish), New South Wales">
Dawes (Parish), New South Wales

Dawes Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish also has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878176" url="?curid=56878176" title="Hua-yin">
Hua-yin


</doc>
<doc id="56878177" url="?curid=56878177" title="Stan Fougeroud">
Stan Fougeroud

Stan Fougeroud (born 19 November 1991 in France) is a French former footballer who is last known to have been under contract with Etoile FC of the Singaporean S.League in 2011.
Career.
Réunion.
Parted ways with AS Excelsior of the Réunion Premier League by January 2011 along with five others.
Singapore.
Roped in by Etoile FC of the Singaporean S.League for 2011, the French midfielder claimed that the standard of football there was higher, recommending it to Reunion-based footballers if the prospect of going abroad titillates them. By June that year, he parted ways with the club.
Romania.
Had a failed trial with Arieșul Turda in July 2011, a month succeeding his release from Etoile.

</doc>
<doc id="56878180" url="?curid=56878180" title="Malagasy parliamentary election, 2018">
Malagasy parliamentary election, 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56878181" url="?curid=56878181" title="Ernoo, New South Wales">
Ernoo, New South Wales

Ernoo Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs.
The parish also has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878195" url="?curid=56878195" title="National Security Division Secretary (Pakistan)">
National Security Division Secretary (Pakistan)

The National Security Division Secretary is the Federal Secretary to the National Security Council of Pakistan. The position holder is a BPS-22 grade officer, usually belonging to the Pakistan Administrative Service. The current National Security Secretary is Shahrukh Nusrat.

</doc>
<doc id="56878202" url="?curid=56878202" title="Rutherford (Parish), New South Wales">
Rutherford (Parish), New South Wales

Rutherford Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878212" url="?curid=56878212" title="Selwyns Travel">
Selwyns Travel

Selwyns Travel is a coach tour operator based in Runcorn, England.
Selwyns Travel was founded in 1968 by Robert Alun Jones. It grew with the purchase of Yates Tours in 1979, the Manchester Airport division of Ambassador Coaches t/a Starline Travel in 1994, Hardings Tours, Liverpool in 1996 and Haytons, Manchester in 2011.
In March 2013, the business was sold to the RATP Group with a fleet of 90 vehicles operating from depots in Runcorn, Manchester and St Helens.
In April 2020 RATP returned control back to Selwyn Jones.
Selwyns operate from 3 depots in the north west.
Their Head Office depot in Runcorn, which covers Private Hire bookings, Various College contracts including Sir John Denes College and Reeseheath College and the Liverpool Hope University to Liverpool South Parkway shuttle and some National Express routes.
Sharston depot in Manchester which is responsible for Selwyns Airside operations at Manchester Airport and also National Express routes Operate from this depot
Prenton Depot on the Wirral operates various school contracts on behalf of Wirral council

</doc>
<doc id="56878216" url="?curid=56878216" title="Yerndambool, New South Wales">
Yerndambool, New South Wales

Yerndamboo, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878221" url="?curid=56878221" title="Riga Masters">
Riga Masters


</doc>
<doc id="56878222" url="?curid=56878222" title="Yowahroo, New South Wales">
Yowahroo, New South Wales

Yowahroo Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878227" url="?curid=56878227" title="Keohwa">
Keohwa

Keohwa, Ltd. () was a Seoul, South Korea, based assembler of Jeeps under licence, mainly for export markets. Its predecessor was the Jeep assembly joint venture of Shinjin Motors and American Motor Corporation (AMC), established in 1974. It was spun off as an independent company in 1981, after AMC left the venture and retired the permission to use the Jeep trade mark. In 1983, Jeeps from Keohwa started to be named as "Korando" In 1984, Keohwa was acquired by Dong-A Motor, the predecessor of Ssangyong Motor.
Models.
Unlike Kia, who also produced Jeep vehicles, Keowha produced exact copies, plus its own variants of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="56878229" url="?curid=56878229" title="Tully (Parish), New South Wales">
Tully (Parish), New South Wales

Tully Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878237" url="?curid=56878237" title="Parish of Walker (Yungnulgra County)">
Parish of Walker (Yungnulgra County)

Walker Parish, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878238" url="?curid=56878238" title="Human Design">
Human Design

Human Design is a holistic self-knowledge system combining astrology, the I Ching, Kabbalah and Vedic philosophy. Human Design was originated by Alan Robert Krakower who published a book called "The Human Design System" under the pseudonym Ra Uru Hu in 1992. Krakower developed the Human Design system following a mystical experience in 1987.
 Human Design purports to be a self-knowledge method which does not have any specific religious dogma or affiliation. Despite this, Human Design has been described by theologian J. R. Hustwit as a "transreligious project" that is "breathtaking in scope" and synthesizes seven or more traditions. It has also been described as a psychological counseling instrument and "the new astrology." 
In Human Design analysis, planets are displayed in a type of horoscope called a bodygraph. The bodygraph shows the 64 hexagrams of the I Ching at various locations on the body. It is sometimes shown within a mandala, overlaid on the 12 signs of the zodiac. Human Design also addresses dietary regimen and ideal environments for living, working and relationships. In addition, it facilitates deep access to bodily, generational and inter-dimensional intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="56878244" url="?curid=56878244" title="Hexa-cata-benzocoronene">
Hexa-cata-benzocoronene


</doc>
<doc id="56878246" url="?curid=56878246" title="2016 English Open">
2016 English Open


</doc>
<doc id="56878247" url="?curid=56878247" title="Germano, New South Wales">
Germano, New South Wales

Germano, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878249" url="?curid=56878249" title="Hexa-peri-hexabenzocoronene">
Hexa-peri-hexabenzocoronene


</doc>
<doc id="56878257" url="?curid=56878257" title="2017 English Open">
2017 English Open


</doc>
<doc id="56878268" url="?curid=56878268" title="Gaussian white noise">
Gaussian white noise


</doc>
<doc id="56878269" url="?curid=56878269" title="Goorpooka, New South Wales">
Goorpooka, New South Wales

Goorpooka, New South Wales in Central Darling Shire is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is about which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56878271" url="?curid=56878271" title="UK drill">
UK drill

UK drill is a regional subgenre of drill music and road rap that originated in the South London district of Brixton from 2012 onwards. Borrowing heavily from the style of Chicago drill music, UK drill artists often rap about violent and hedonistic criminal lifestyles. Typically, those who create this style of music are affiliated with gangs or come from socioeconomically-deprived neighborhoods where crime is a way of life for many. UK drill music is closely related to road rap, a British style of gangsta rap that became popular in the years prior to the existence of drill. Musically, UK drill often exhibits violent language and provocative lyrics.
Origins.
150, a group from Angell Town Estate, Brixton, is often credited with pioneering UK drill music. 150 members Stizzy Stickz, Grizzy, M Dargg, and Perm being dedicated exponents of the early style, along with and mentored by former members of PDC. However, it's 67 that're often credited for shifting the sound away from Chicago influences it seemed to heavily draw inspiration from in its early days and foundation, and forming a more homegrown sound. Producers Carns Hill (who crafted instrumentals for many of 67's early songs), and QUIETPVCK (who worked closely by 150, 410, Uptop members in their early era) are widely considered to be two of the main pioneering producers of the genre with their unique and innovative alternatives to the Chicago Drill sound.
Characteristics.
UK drill has developed a different production style than Chicago drill taking influence from earlier British genres such as grime and UK garage so much so that it has been called "the New Grime" and drill producer Carns Hill has commented that it needs a new name. However, Mazza, a UK drill producer, disagreed with the "new grime" label, maintaining that although drill and grime share the same energy, rawness, and originated in a similar fashion, the two genres are distinct in their own ways. UK drill is generally more fast-paced compared to its Chicago counterpart. UK drill beats are generally structured around a triplet hihat pattern, with snares landing on the fourth beat instead of the third every 2 bars. Instrumentals often also have a sliding bass, hard hitting kicks, and dark melodies. AXL Beats explained that the 808's and fast-tempo snares are derivative of grime music. Both genres typically utilise a tempo of approximately 138-151bpm.
Autotune, unlike American drill, is largely absent within UK drill with British drill artists utilising a much harsher and stripped-back delivery indebted to grime and earlier road rap. UK drill rappers have also taken on a more allusive, ironic lyrical style; taken on mainly because of the attention attracted from the mainstream media, and also the police; due to its previously much more brazen and direct nature.
Culture.
UK drill groups often engage in disputes with each other sometimes violent often releasing multiple disrespectful tracks. Notable disputes include Harlem Spartans versus 410, Zone 2 versus Moscow 17, 150 versus 67, OFB/NPK versus WG/N9 and SMG versus 814 (a member of 814, Showkey, was stabbed to death in 2016 in an unrelated incident).
UK drill received widespread attention outside of Britain in 2017 when comedian Michael Dapaah released the novelty song "Man's Not Hot". The track samples a beat made by UK drill producers GottiOnEm and Mazza; it was first used by drill group 86 on its song "Lurk", and later 67 with "Let's Lurk" featuring Giggs.
Controversy.
The genre's violent lyrics have been cited by police, MPs, journalists and others in positions of potentially significant influence as the reason for a climb in the rate of knife crimes in London. In one instance, then 17-year-old rapper Junior Simpson, better known as M-Trap, who had written lyrics about knife attacks, was part of a four-person group that stabbed a 15-year-old boy to death, for which he received a life sentence. Judge Anthony Leonard QC told Simpson, "You suggested [the lyrics] were just for show but I do not believe that, and I suspect you were waiting for the right opportunity for an attack."
In May 2018, YouTube reported that it had deleted more than half of the "violent" music videos identified by senior police officers as problematic. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick blamed some videos for fuelling a surge in murders and violent crime in London, singling out drill music. YouTube said that more than 30 clips had been removed. The cause of the deletion of UK drill videos drive from a stop and search done on the West London gang 1011 (today known as CGM), where they were reported to be on a "ride out" to retaliate against the opposition. Banning drill caused outrage in the community and caused a slight lull in production of the music.
In 2018, "FACT" magazine stated in an article on UK drill producers M1OnTheBeat &amp; MKThePlug:
..."Drill is this generation's furious response against the Conservative government's decimation of state support for the most vulnerable communities under austerity".
In late 2018, South London-born drill MC and aspiring Mayor of London Drillminister created a track called "Political Drillin" which was broadcast on Channel 4 News and used comments made by UK MPs attempting to highlight their own hypocrisy in using violent language.
Influence.
Unknown T's song "Homerton B" charted after its August 2018 release; and in doing so, became technically the first ever UK drill single to officially enter the charts. The song entered at number 83 on the Official Singles Chart Top 100 on 28 August 2018, then peaked at 48 in September 2018; putting him in the running with the likes of Drake, Travis $cott, Nicki Minaj &amp; Eminem; world-renowned artists who also charted closely in this period, which was unheard of for a UK drill song at the time.
UK drill group 67 had two entries into the official charts, however unlike the Unknown T entry, this was the albums chart and not the singles chart. They reached number 66 in the Official Albums Chart with the mixtape "Let's Lurk" and number 71 with the mixtape "The Glorious Twelfth". Although considered a predominantly trap based album which implements some drill features and elements, Section Boyz mixtape "Don't Panic" reached number 37 in the UK Albums Chart, later peaking at number 36 in 2015.
The above entries set off a snowball effect of UK drill song entries into the Official Singles Charts, and artists being propelled closer to the British mainstream. As the songs entered the charts, more people began to find out and talk about UK drill again, thus attracting new fans to the genre, and attracting both positive and negative media attention for various reasons, keeping the genre in the limelight, and bursting the bubble the genre was confined within. This also opened up drill to UK artists of other genres more, to begin rapping over drill style instrumentals and experimenting with sounds inside of the genre, as opposed to their usual styles.
In 2020, DigDat released "Ei8ht Mile". The mixtape scored the biggest opening week of all time for a UK drill album.
Though a majority of UK drill artists hail from the capital (which can be attributed in part due to the much larger population of London, in comparison to other British cities), it is not restricted to London alone as the genres sole production hub in terms of emerging talents and dissemination of the sound. Artists around the country have appeared and become prominent creators within the scene, such as SmuggzyAce and S.White of Birmingham group "23 Drillas".
UK drill has spread outside of the United Kingdom, with artists and groups in other countries rapping in styles and using slang terms heavily influenced by UK drill music, and using UK drill instrumentals produced by British producers. Ireland, the Netherlands, and Australia in particular have developed drill scenes that are heavily indebted to UK drill music, with artists such as OneFour in Australia, Chuks &amp; J.B2 from Dublin, Ireland, and 73 De Pijp from The Netherlands. New York drill music began rising to prominence in the late 2010s. New York drill, primarily based in Brooklyn, has taken influence from UK drill with artists such as Pop Smoke, Sheff G, and 22Gz collaborating with UK drill producers such as AXL Beats, Yoz Beats, Ghosty, and 808Melo. 808Melo produced "Welcome to the Party" for Pop Smoke, which received a considerable amount of attention. Pop Smoke created a 9 track project produced entirely by 808 Melo and Trap House Mob (a team of UK based producers). Artists in Spain making drill music have also taken on influence by its British counterpart, with various references and similar production to UK drill.
Canadian musician Drake did a "Behind Barz" freestyle for Link Up TV in 2018 where he rapped over a UK drill beat. Drake also credited UK drill artist Loski as an influence for his 2018 album, "Scorpion". In 2019, Drake released "War". The song used UK drill's production style and was produced by British producer AXL Beats. Drake's flow in both instances was reminiscent of UK drill artists.
In 2020, Skengdo &amp; AM released "EU Drillas", a collaborative project that features drill artists from across Europe.
In 2021, Digga D's mixtape "Made in the Pyrex" reached No. 3 on the UK Albums Chart, becoming the highest charting project to date for a millennium-born UK rapper, and the highest-charting independent UK Drill project on the Official Chart. Tion Wayne and Russ Millions released Body, regarded as the first UK drill song to reach Number 1 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="56878274" url="?curid=56878274" title="Yeiltara, New South Wales">
Yeiltara, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56878275" url="?curid=56878275" title="Smuggling in pre-revolutionary France">
Smuggling in pre-revolutionary France

Smuggling in pre-revolutionary France was a reaction to the economic hardships and internal Taxations throughout the country. Though the trade of contraband was lucrative throughout Europe, it was especially so in France and contributed to national tensions. While tobacco was commonly smuggled, common items such as salt and calico were carried across provincial borders to avoid high taxes. The smuggling trade was very profitable, and it allowed families to increase their income while subverting corrupt tax farmers. The prevalence of smuggling and the economic motivations surrounding the trade helped lead France towards revolution.
Economic factors.
Several economic factors contributed to the prevalence of smuggling in the second half of the eighteenth century. Of the twenty-six million people in France, twenty-one million worked within the agricultural sector. However, most peasants who owned land held less than twenty acres, enough to support a single family. France strongly relied on its agricultural sector, and this over dependence left the population susceptible to droughts and other natural disasters. Urban peasants faced similar problems, as most of Paris's population served as Manual workers.
The census of 1791 revealed that there were 118,784 paupers, unskilled laborers, and beggars in Paris, about a quarter of the population. Therefore, most of the urban and rural populations were limited to lower-class occupations. There was also economic disparity between the sexes, as a male servant might earn 90 livres a year while a woman earned only 35–50 livres. Peasants dedicated half of their household income to food, leaving little money for other expenses.
Foreign trade.
Despite this wealth inequality, French foreign trade was widely successful until the beginning of the revolution, as the sugar trade in the West Indies brought great wealth to France's elite. The monarchy capitalized on this wealth by imposing trade monopolies with its Caribbean colonies. However, the Eden Treaty with England of May 1787 hindered the French manufacturing sector, as the agreement lowered internal tariffs on English goods. This trade agreement outraged French Merchants because they could not compete with British prices. Such Trade agreements contributed to poverty within France and encouraged illicit economic activity.
Smuggling within France was an extremely lucrative business due to high demand for expensive products, specifically tobacco, salt, and calico. Smugglers devised means of subverting the authorities. For example, female smugglers would often stuff salt into their dresses. Smugglers also trained dogs to carry salt, though no records exist on their prevalence or incarceration rates. In addition, many smuggling bands formed; French authorities were aware of at least 38 large smuggling bands in the second half of the eighteenth century. As indirect taxes were uniform throughout France, certain provinces charged vastly more for some items. For example, 49 kilos of salt cost 31 sous in Brittany but 591 sous in Anjoy. Crossing the Loire River, which separated the two territories, became a common means of transporting contraband.
Salt smuggling was particularly problematic for the authorities, as smugglers abused the gabelle, or salt tax. Many provinces mandated that every citizen buy at least seven pounds of salt per year. This salt could only be used for cooking, so many would have been required to buy more. As a result, many relied on purchasing contraband salt to escape these heavy fines. Calico was also a popular contraband item, as the French prized genuine Indian calico. Although calico's prohibition ended in 1759, calico's taxation remained high enough to justify smuggling. France's public monopoly and internal tax system also upset foreigners. Irish lawmaker Edmund Burke stated that the system was "unwisely, with being ill-contrived, [and] oppressive." Burke’s views show an international disapproval of France’s practices and an awareness that smuggling would be the taxes’ unintended consequence.
Authorities.
Smuggling posed a significant problem for authorities. French law considered smuggling a direct offense against the King; smugglers avoided paying indirect taxes which composed 47% of the government's income, so it was as if they were stealing from the monarch. Smugglers also undermined the ferme générale, or the "Five Great Farms." This was a tax farming institution which collected and profited off indirect taxes. Therefore, the law dealt harshly with offenders to discourage further smuggling. Punishments for smuggling varied across France's provinces but always worsened with repeat offenses. Offenders were always fined and often served additional time depending on the region. In Provence, smuggling bands of five and larger received fines of 500 livres and served nine years in galleys for a first offense.
The law was especially harsh on nobles who dealt in contraband; commonly, those elites who were caught were stripped of their Titles and their houses were razed. The severe punishment of the contraband industry shaped France's prison infrastructure. From 1685 to 1791, over 100,000 men went to the galleys for illegal trade. The government needed to build more prisons to meet demands, and this influx of prisoners would lead the French government to create the modern French prison.
Increased regulations.
French authorities also reacted by imposing increased regulations on the business practices and movements of peasants. Officers viewed travelers with suspicion and demanded that merchants show their paperwork to prove the legitimacy of their wares. The government also increased the Farm police to 20,000 guards which became the largest paramilitary force of the time in Europe. They patrolled the Loire river and prohibited fishing at night. Officers would also physically search any suspects. For example, they would squeeze women where salt could be hidden, often the padding within their dresses.
Due to the heightened repression on underground trade, smugglers often played integral roles in inciting armed rebellions against taxation officers. From 1660 to 1789, tax rebellion was the primary form of revolt within France. Notably, these rebellions were larger than the bread riots which propelled the beginning of the French Revolution. The most prominent of these revolts occurred from 11 to 14 July in 1789, when smugglers and common workers destroyed forty customs gates. Occurring before the Storming of the Bastille, this was one of the first demonstrations of popular support for the French Revolution.
Public support.
Smugglers garnered large public support, and influential revolutionary figures and liberals defended these rebellions. Mirabeau, a noble and leader of the Revolution, argued that the true antagonist wasn't the smuggling trade but the Farm; he called these men "vampires" who control a system which "bleeds the people at the throat." These smuggler's rebellions also influenced physiocrats, liberal economic supporters for fair trade; they advocated for a completely altered fiscal system which replaced taxes on goods with other taxes. Others such as the President of the Paris "Cour des Aides" Malesherbes asserted in 1775 that this crime didn't warrant such severe punishment. He argued that the King could resolve this form of despotism by calling the Estates General, an institution last seen in 1614. Louis XVI would form the Estates General four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="56878276" url="?curid=56878276" title="UK drill music">
UK drill music


</doc>
<doc id="56878278" url="?curid=56878278" title="Graham Smith (soccer)">
Graham Smith (soccer)


</doc>
<doc id="56878281" url="?curid=56878281" title="British drill">
British drill


</doc>
<doc id="56878282" url="?curid=56878282" title="Willdrilli, New South Wales">
Willdrilli, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56878284" url="?curid=56878284" title="British drill music">
British drill music


</doc>
<doc id="56878286" url="?curid=56878286" title="Alcatel OT-300">
Alcatel OT-300


</doc>
<doc id="56878292" url="?curid=56878292" title="Yang Fangzhi">
Yang Fangzhi

Yang Fangzhi (; born 9 April 1997) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League Two side Zhejiang Yiteng.
Club career.
Yang Fangzhi was loaned to China League One side Dalian Transcendence from Dalian Yifang in June 2017. On 1 July 2017, Yang made his senior debut in a 3–3 home draw against Shenzhen as the benefit of the new rule of the League One that at least one Under-23 player must in the starting and was substituted off in the 6th minute when Dalian was leading 1–0. He played seven league matches in the 2017 season.
Yang was promoted to Dalian Yifang's first team squad in 2018 after the club won promotion to the Chinese Super League. He made his debut on 16 March 2018 in a 3–0 home defeat against Beijing Sinobo Guoan, coming on as a substitute for injury Nicolás Gaitán in the 62nd minute.
In the 2019 season, Yang gained a few chances before July, but was removed from the first team squad after Benítez's arrival.
On 23 July 2020, Yang transferred to Zhejiang Yiteng.

</doc>
<doc id="56878294" url="?curid=56878294" title="Takeo Mabashi">
Takeo Mabashi

 is a Japanese professional basketball head coach and former player.

</doc>
<doc id="56878301" url="?curid=56878301" title="UNC Charlotte–Main station">
UNC Charlotte–Main station

UNC Charlotte–Main is a light rail station on the LYNX Blue Line in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. It opened on March 16, 2018, as part of the Blue Line extension to the UNC Charlotte campus, and serves as the line's northern terminus. The station features a single island platform and is located on the north side of Cameron Boulevard, adjacent to the university's main campus in University City.
History.
The university entered into a partnership with the city government in 2005 to bring light rail to the campus. Construction on the station began in late 2014, and the foundation was completed by the end of 2015. The first test trains arrived at the station in June 2017.
The Blue Line extension opened on March 16, 2018, and the inaugural train departed from UNC Charlotte–Main station at 10 a.m. A ribbon cutting ceremony was conducted at the station a month earlier to celebrate the university's involvement in the light rail project.
Public art.
UNC Charlotte–Main station features public art from Mikyoung Kim, a Boston-based urban designer commissioned by CATS. Her firm designed a "dynamic" sculpture placed in the station's main plaza, consisting of two long, deformed benches that provide seating. The plaza faces the UNC Charlotte Student Union building and includes a crosswalk on Cameron Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="56878303" url="?curid=56878303" title="UNC Charlotte Main station">
UNC Charlotte Main station


</doc>
<doc id="56878306" url="?curid=56878306" title="Statistically uncorrelated">
Statistically uncorrelated


</doc>
<doc id="56878312" url="?curid=56878312" title="C6 sugar">
C6 sugar


</doc>
<doc id="56878315" url="?curid=56878315" title="Hanna Greally">
Hanna Greally

Hanna Greally (born Johanna Catherine Greally; 21 March 1924 – 15 August 1987) was an Irish writer who was detained against her will in St. Loman's Hospital in Mullingar, County Westmeath for almost two decades. A well-known local poet, there is an award named after her called the "Hanna Greally International Literary Awards", with the first inception being in 2007.
History.
Johanna Greally was born in Athlone, the eldest of two children, into a family who were very well known in the town. Greally's mother, Mary, was born on to Peter Murray and Mary Dolan in Athlone. Mary's parents married on in a town outside of Birr, County Offaly, which was then known as King's County. Greally's mother Mary was an only child and extremely wealthy in her youth as she owned farmland, a prospering business and an island in the River Shannon. Mary married James Greally on in St Andrew's Church in Dublin. Greally's father James passed away suddenly from cardiac failure aged 26 on which left her mother a widow, aged 25.
"She was always selling or renting something. In the beginning, it was always something big like Monk's Island on the river at home. She had inherited it and sold it for a sum when Father died, to pay death duties, she said. A hundred pounds for a hundred acres! Today, it sounds fantastic but Mother was satisfied. What use was a lonely hermitage to her? Alas, her furs went also and the best silver which used to be in the red velvet box in the best mahogany wardrobe. When the wardrobe was sold, among other things, life became very austere indeed." — Bird's Nest Soup, 1971
The Blitz, and her admission to St. Loman's Hospital.
Hanna spent two years training at Guy's Hospital during the time that The Blitz was ongoing, and Greally suffered with psychological trauma as a result. On learning her mother was ill, she returned home to Ireland and her mother suggested to Hanna that she go to St. Loman's Hospital "for a rest" as her mother could not care for her. This hospital was, and still is to a large extent, known to locals as "The Big House". Initially on arrival in 1943, she was placed in the on site Admissions building which had only been completed three years prior in 1940 in a typical layout for tuberculosis treatment and this building was "the closest to the outside world". Nothing was really done in relation to getting Hanna released from confinement as the person in control told Mary that Hanna should stay for a bit longer. After a few years had passed and many visits, her mother had died on in the County Hospital (now known as the Midland Regional Hospital, Mullingar), County Westmeath due to chronic interstitial nephritis and malignant hypertension, aged 47. Greally made several escape attempts, and pleading letters to her relatives to sign her out but remained incarcerated for 18 years due to the legal difficulty at the time. Most ignored her pleads, and wrote about their lives in reply instead. She was subject to electroconvulsive therapy, sedatives, insulin coma, seclusion and confinement. Greally was transported to Coolamber Manor, a new rehabilitation centre in Longford which had just opened, in the late 1950s. As suggested by her Superintendent, she was placed there along with a few others, and was very excited with the news of moving out of Saint Loman's Hospital.
""One day in the laundry, the Superintendent called me. "Your chance, Hanna, it's come", he said. My heart jumped! What could he mean? He explained in detail, a new rehabilitation centre had been opened, and he had been requested to send two or three of his patients there. I was overjoyed, in fact, I could not believe it. Liberty in view at last, authorised freedom! I said, with random exhilaration, "At last, may I really leave here? My relations cannot stop me? They decant?"" – an extract from Bird's Nest Soup, 1971.
In 1962, Greally was released from the rehabilitation centre after she spent her time there training to be a housekeeper. She went to England following her release, and worked as a housekeeper for a retired doctor and saved up to purchase a cottage called Sunny Acre in the Coolteige–Fourmilehouse area of Roscommon for IR£600, and this is where she resided for the rest of her life. She released a book in 1971, "Birds' Nest Soup," detailing her harrowing experiences for herself and others, and this is regarded as the only true account of someone inside an institution during these times. Greally appeared on "The Late Late Show", speaking to Gay Byrne about her experiences being incarcerated for so long the same year.
Death.
Greally died in Roscommon University Hospital on 15 August 1987, aged 63 after her general health had fallen following a heart and hand operation.

</doc>
<doc id="56878325" url="?curid=56878325" title="Peppe">
Peppe

Peppe is a given name, nickname (often a short form of Giuseppe) and surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56878326" url="?curid=56878326" title="Popee the Performer">
Popee the Performer


</doc>
<doc id="56878335" url="?curid=56878335" title="Pulchra, New South Wales">
Pulchra, New South Wales

Pulchra is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
The Parish has an arid landscape and the nearest town is Whitecliffs. 
Pulchra has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36 °C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
The parish is halfway between Mutawintji National Park and White Cliffs NSW, and Sydney, Australia is 880 km away to the east-southeast of Pulchra. Pulchra is at an elevation of approximately 163m above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="56878337" url="?curid=56878337" title="Elisabeth André">
Elisabeth André

Elisabeth André is a German Computer Scientist from Saarlouis, Saarland who specializes in Intelligent User Interfaces, Virtual Agents, and Social Computing.
Education.
André's research interests include Affective Computing, Embodied Conversational Agents, Multimodal Human-Machine Interaction, and Social Signal Processing.
Career.
André was also the General and Program Co-Chair for multiple ACM SIGCHI conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="56878345" url="?curid=56878345" title="Cennan">
Cennan

Cennan () is a town of Li County in Hunan, China. It has an area of with a population of 39,800 (as of 2017). The town has 10 villages and a community under its jurisdiction, its seat is "Zengjiahe Community" ().
History.
The township of Cennan was formed in 1928. It was reorganized as a commune in 1958 and a township in 1984. It was reorganized to as a town through the amalgamation of the former "township of Cennan" (), 8 villages of "Lidong Township" () and the "Cengnan Flood Storage Area" () on November 23, 2015. "Minyan Village" () was transferred to Lidan Subdistrict in 2017.
Subdivisions.
Through the amalgamation of village-level divisions in 2016, its divisions were reduced to 11 villages and a community from 23 villages and a community. in 2017, "Minyan Village" () was transferred to Lidan Subdistrict in 2017, the town of Cenan has 10 villages and a communities under its jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="56878346" url="?curid=56878346" title="Silicone impregnated refractory ceramic ablator">
Silicone impregnated refractory ceramic ablator

Silicone Impregnated Refractory Ceramic Ablator, or SIRCA, is a lightweight ceramic ablative material, often used in thermal protection systems to protect parts of launch vehicles and spacecraft from very high temperature heat sources.
SIRCA was used for ceramic substrates on both the Viking spacecraft and the Space Shuttle, and was also used on the aeroshells for Mars Pathfinder and the Mars Exploration Rovers. It was developed at NASA Ames Research Center in the 1980s and 1990s.
Description.
SIRCA typically has a density between and can handle a heat flux of up to 
and is easily machined to custom shapes.

</doc>
<doc id="56878351" url="?curid=56878351" title="SIRCA (heat shield)">
SIRCA (heat shield)


</doc>
<doc id="56878359" url="?curid=56878359" title="Limit (song)">
Limit (song)

"Limit" is the nineteenth single by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on June 22, 2016. It reached number 14 on the Oricon chart and number 19 on "Billboard"s Japan Hot 100.
Overview.
"Limit" was written to be the opening theme song of the "Endride" anime after Luna Sea were approached by its staff. Thus it is the band's first work to be tied to an anime.
A 30-second commercial for the single utilizing footage of the song's music video was uploaded to YouTube on May 29. The full video was freely streamed on the band's website for only four hours from 20:00 to 24:00 during a full moon on June 20, 2016. As part of a promotion with the toy company Brokker, each band member had a Lego-like toy modeled after them. The figures served as the basis for a shortened, 3D animated recreation of the music video for "Limit" published on YouTube on September 21.
The single's b-side, "I'll Stay With You", was written by Sugizo and features him playing the violin.
Release.
The single was released in four editions; the regular contains just the two-track CD, Limited Edition A is on a high-fidelity SHM-CD and includes a Blu-ray of the title track's music video, Limited Edition B is a standard CD with the same video on a DVD instead. A special "Endride" edition includes just the title track and not the b-side. All four have different cover art.
Track listing.
"All songs written and composed by Luna Sea."

</doc>
<doc id="56878372" url="?curid=56878372" title="SIRCA (disambiguation)">
SIRCA (disambiguation)

SIRCA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56878382" url="?curid=56878382" title="Third Murder">
Third Murder


</doc>
<doc id="56878390" url="?curid=56878390" title="Wertago, New South Wales">
Wertago, New South Wales

Wertago, New South Wales is a remote rural locality , station and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Location.
Sydney, Australia is about 880 km to the east-southeast and the village of White Cliffs which is 56 km away. Wertago is about 216m above sea level. The nearest ocean being the Southern Ocean about 470 km west-southwest of Wertago.
Wertago has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
Big Wertago Mine is a copper, lead and silver mine on the Cootawundy Creek about 870 km west-northwest of Sydney. The Big Wertago Mine is at an altitude of about 272m above sea level and is one of the westernmost mines in New South Wales.
The Mutawintji National Park lies some kilometers to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="56878396" url="?curid=56878396" title="Walla (Parish), New South Wales">
Walla (Parish), New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56878398" url="?curid=56878398" title="Williams Parish, New South Wales">
Williams Parish, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56878404" url="?curid=56878404" title="Aufbruch der Kulturen">
Aufbruch der Kulturen


</doc>
<doc id="56878407" url="?curid=56878407" title="Woraro Parish, New South Wales">
Woraro Parish, New South Wales

Woraro Parish, New South Wales is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape and has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.
. The nearest town is Whitecliffs to the east.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate.
History.
The Parish is on the traditional lands of the Wandjiwalgu. 
Aboriginal peoples.
In 1838 Thomas Mitchell (explorer) travelled down the nearby Darling River.
Charles Sturt passed through the Wandjiwalgu lands during 1845, In 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed nearby.
Opal was discovered in the area in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56878410" url="?curid=56878410" title="First Malayan Emergency">
First Malayan Emergency


</doc>
<doc id="56878419" url="?curid=56878419" title="Tussy-mussy">
Tussy-mussy


</doc>
<doc id="56878422" url="?curid=56878422" title="Duck Ponds, South Australia">
Duck Ponds, South Australia

Duck Ponds is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the Eyre Peninsula in the state's west about west of the state capital of Adelaide, about south of the municipal seat of Cummins and about west of the city of Port Lincoln.
Its boundaries were created on 16 October 2003 for the "long established name." On 22 December 2011, a portion was added to the adjoining locality of Tulka.
The Flinders Highway forms part of the locality's north-eastern boundary with the locality of Boston while the highway's heavy vehicle by-pass, the Western Approach Road, passes through the eastern side of the locality from the north-west on its way to the port facility in Port Lincoln. The Eyre Peninsula Railway which also passes through Duck Ponds in an alignment similar to the by-pass road, forms part of its southern boundary and hosts two railway stations – Grantham in the south which was established as Five Mile Siding about 1942 and Ducks Ponds in the locality's centre which was established in 1911. The Port Lincoln Prison occupies land in the locality's north-east corner while the Kathai Conservation Park, a protected area, is located in its south-east corner.
Land use within Duck Ponds principally consists of agricultural activities such as broadacre cropping and grazing. Land use is subject to statutory control in order to manage the aquifer system existing within Duck Ponds and adjoining localities.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Duck Ponds had a population of 289 people.
Duck Ponds is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral district of Flinders and the local government area of the District Council of Lower Eyre Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="56878437" url="?curid=56878437" title="Darwent &amp; Dalwood">
Darwent &amp; Dalwood

Darwent &amp; Dalwood was a partnership of Joseph Darwent and William Dalwood put together expressly to tender for work on the Overland Telegraph Line.
The partners.
Accountant Joseph Darwent (c. 1824 – 20 October 1872) arrived in South Australia aboard "Posthumous" in June 1849 in the employ of the South Australian Railway Company, an English company touting for the contract to build a railway from Adelaide to the Port. This company amalgamated with others, to form the successful Adelaide City and Port Railway Company, of which Darwent was in October 1851 appointed secretary. The first train ran on the line in 1856; the first Government-owned railway in the British Empire.
Darwent joined the gold rush to Victoria and, after meeting with some success, returned to embark on business as a shipping and stock agent with an office in Grenfell Street, as well as a wheat and flour merchant, managing for a while to corner the trade in those commodities between Adelaide and Britain and to the Americas. He was a founder of the South Australian coastal steamer trade between Port Adelaide, Wallaroo, Port Lincoln and Port Augusta, with ships "Coorong", "Aldinga", "Omeo" and "Gothenburg" on his books.
Darwent married Eliza Atchison (c. 1829 – 12 March 1885) in 1852; their children included Frederick Arnold (1854), James Thornhill (1858), Frank Atchison (1859), Lucy Harriet (1861), Charles Beauchamp (1863).
His nephew, metallurgist Joseph Darwent, jun. (1847 – 10 August 1926), born in Sheffield, married Winifred Teresa Kelly (c. 1850 – 7 January 1941) on 16 May 1869. He was a draughtsman on the telegraph line for Darwent &amp; Dalwood. He found gold south of Port Darwin in 1871, but priority was disputed. He later had a property near Coonawarra, lived in Penola, where he was a member of the District Council for 35 years and Chairman for 25.
William Trevett Dalwood (c. 1834 – 22 August 1909) arrived with his parents Caleb (c. 1810 – 25 September 1851) and Hannah Dalwood, née Trevett ( – 27 August 1878), a newborn brother Theophilus (died 1847) and sisters Sarah Ann (later Lethaby), Elizabeth Jane (later Baum? Bunney?), Achsah Mary Dalwood (married Ralph Drummond), in September 1840 aboard "Lysander". Youngest son Thomas Caleb (died 1909) was a prolific portrait painter. Caleb was licensee of Park Gate Hotel, Goodwood; Hannah ran it for four years after his death.
His first employment was with a pair of oxen carting water, Adelaide not yet having the luxury of reticulated water. His business expanded to carting stone, for which there was a huge appetite, for the construction of buildings and for laying roads. He expanded his operations to quarrying and thence to mining. He was soon a director of half-a-dozen mining companies,
Dalwood married Emma Frearson on 6 September 1855. Her father was also a contractor, and in 1860 Dalwood's assistant. Their children included Frederic William, William, Augustus George, George Trevett Palmerston, Britannia Frances, Silva, Georgia Blanche, Olive Lavinia, Eva Beatrice and Constance Louise Gertrude; they had a home on Melbourne Street, North Adelaide.
The contract.
On 20 August 1870 SS "Omeo" left McLaren wharf, Port Adelaide with passengers W. A. Paqualin (supervisor), Joseph Darwent, jun., Stephen King, Charles Tym (another of Darwent's nephews), William Dalwood, and Government officers William McMinn (Overseer of Works), R. C. Burton (his assistant), J. L. Stapleton, and A. Hawley, and 75 laborers engaged by Darwent &amp; Dalwood in steerage. Dalwood was present only as an observer, and was a passenger on the return voyage. "Omeo" also carried 80 draught horses, a dozen head of cattle (whether beef cattle or working bullocks was not mentioned), and provisions for the journey. In the hold were over 1,000 bundles (50) of galvanised iron telegraph wire, 3,000 insulators and other hardware.
Omeo arrived safely on 9 September, berthed at Port Darwin and was promptly unloaded. A telegraph pole was ceremoniously erected by a daughter of Capt. Bloomfield Douglas, the Government Resident.
A month later, all was good news and optimism: of line had been erected, and work was progressing at per week, expecting completion in eight or nine months.
Another 50 tons of wire and 3,528 insulators were despatched in February, with only the last 50 tons of wire to be shipped.
In June it was anticipated the northern section would be completed ahead of time, and they could continue southward and do some of the central section.
It therefore came as a shock to people in Adelaide to learn that Overseer of Works (northern section) McMinn had taken the extreme action of cancelling Darwent &amp; Dalwood's contract as from 3 May, and had sent all their workers back to Adelaide, on the basis of their falling so far behind that there was no prospect of completion by 1 January 1872.
The sacking of the workers by McMinn was on the basis of an insurrection, denied by the men.
In May 1875 William Dalwood brought his case for compensation before the Chief Justice and a special jury, arguing that his company had been sacked without just cause; that they could have completed the work by the deadline. His claim was denied on the grounds that he was precluded by the terms of the contract from disputing the judgment and determinations of the Overseer of Works. He was awarded £10,000 on the value of work done. (Cost to the government for their work was around £100,000 and took 18 months.)

</doc>
<doc id="56878439" url="?curid=56878439" title="25th Street station">
25th Street station

25th Street station may refer to:

</doc>
</root>