<root><doc id="56864449" url="?curid=56864449" title="Crematogaster lineolata">
Crematogaster lineolata

Crematogaster lineolata is a species of ant in the family Formicidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56864454" url="?curid=56864454" title="Typocerus deceptus">
Typocerus deceptus

Typocerus deceptus is a species of flower longhorn in the family Cerambycidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56864460" url="?curid=56864460" title="Dasineura carbonaria">
Dasineura carbonaria

Dasineura carbonaria is a species of gall midges in the family Cecidomyiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56864465" url="?curid=56864465" title="Hexorthodes citeria">
Hexorthodes citeria

Hexorthodes citeria is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Hexorthodes citeria" is 10603.1.

</doc>
<doc id="56864472" url="?curid=56864472" title="Kukatja (Northern Terriitory)">
Kukatja (Northern Terriitory)


</doc>
<doc id="56864473" url="?curid=56864473" title="Passaloecus cuspidatus">
Passaloecus cuspidatus

Passaloecus cuspidatus is a species of aphid wasp in the family Crabronidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56864479" url="?curid=56864479" title="Hyppa xylinoides">
Hyppa xylinoides

Hyppa xylinoides, known generally as the common hyppa or cranberry cutworm, is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Hyppa xylinoides" is 9578.

</doc>
<doc id="56864483" url="?curid=56864483" title="Conotrachelus aratus">
Conotrachelus aratus

Conotrachelus aratus, the hickory shoot curculio, is a species of snout or bark beetle in the family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56864485" url="?curid=56864485" title="Neofidia clematis">
Neofidia clematis

Neofidia clematis is a species of leaf beetle. It is known from southernmost Texas to central Veracruz, Mexico, east of the Sierra Madre Oriental. It was first described by the American entomologist Charles Frederic August Schaeffer in 1904. Two series of this species from Texas were collected from "Cissus incisa", a species in the grape family (Vitaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="56864489" url="?curid=56864489" title="Rearview Town (song)">
Rearview Town (song)

"Rearview Town" is a song written by Kelley Lovelace, Bobby Pinson, and Neil Thrasher and recorded by American country music singer Jason Aldean. It was released in February 2019 as the fourth and final single from Aldean's 2018 album of the same name.
Music video.
The music video premiered on April 15, 2019 and was directed by Shaun Silva. It features Aldean singing the song behind a moving wall containing past pictures and video of his life and career, ending with a shot of him walking down a dirt road. 
Commercial performance.
"Rearview Town" became Jason Aldean's 31st top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in July 2019. It reached No. 1 on "Billboard" Country Airplay chart dated August 31, 2019, which made this Aldean's 21st No. 1 on the chart, also making Aldean sixth in ranking as artist with the most No. 1 songs on the chart. The song has sold 112,000 copies in the United States as of September 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56864492" url="?curid=56864492" title="Misumenops bellulus">
Misumenops bellulus

Misumenops bellulus is a species of crab spider in the family Thomisidae. It is found in the USA, Cuba, and the Virgin Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="56864497" url="?curid=56864497" title="Hydroporus fuscipennis">
Hydroporus fuscipennis

Hydroporus fuscipennis is a species of predaceous diving beetle in the family Dytiscidae. It is found in Europe and Northern Asia (excluding China) and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56864504" url="?curid=56864504" title="Limnophila marchandi">
Limnophila marchandi

Limnophila marchandi is a species of limoniid crane fly in the family Limoniidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56864507" url="?curid=56864507" title="Bandin Odžak">
Bandin Odžak


</doc>
<doc id="56864513" url="?curid=56864513" title="Limonia domestica">
Limonia domestica

Limonia domestica is a species of limoniid crane fly in the family Limoniidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56864514" url="?curid=56864514" title="Air (1971 album)">
Air (1971 album)


</doc>
<doc id="56864522" url="?curid=56864522" title="Sibinia suturalis">
Sibinia suturalis

Sibinia suturalis is a species of leguminous seed weevil in the family Curculionidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56864524" url="?curid=56864524" title="Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain">
Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain

Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain is an Indian Hindi web series produced by Shristi Arya Behl and Goldie Behl for Ekta Kapoor's video on demand platforms ZEE5 and ALTBalaji. The series stars actors Ronit Roy, Mona Singh, and Gurdeep Kohli as protagonists. Since its release date, the series has continuously been available for streaming on ZEE5, ALT Balaji, and associated websites.
The series was launched on Zee TV on 25 March 2020 as a substitute for the Zee TV shows whose broadcast had to be stopped by the channel due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Plot.
Season 1.
The plot of the series revolves around a caring wife named Poonam (Gurdeep Kohli), her husband Rohit Mehra, (Ronit Roy) who is a chartered accountant, and an interior designer named Ananya Sharma (Mona Singh). Poonam and Rohit have two daughters named Bani (Pooja Banerjee) and Nikki (Palak Jain). On the outside, they seem like an ordinary happy family, but the truth is that Rohit is in love with Ananya. When the secret finally comes out, it shocks everyone involved. Rohit's family starts hating Ananya. Rohit decides to divorce his first wife and marry Ananya. After several arguments and a fight, Rohit divorces his first wife Poonam and marries Ananya. Everyone is very unhappy.
After few happy days following her marriage, Rohit's daughter Bani becomes depressed, as she is not happy with her married life. Rohit goes back to his family to support his daughter through her stress and depression. Seeing this situation makes Ananya feel insecure, leading to everyday fights with Rohit. She believes that Rohit is still connected with his family, that his wife and daughters are his first priority, and that she is nothing in his life. Unhappy, she writes a letter for Rohit and leaves the house.
Season 2.
Upon reading Ananya's letter in the first episode of Season 2, Rohit becomes upset and thinks to himself, "how could she do this to me? I left everything for her and what has she done?" He looks for her everywhere but fails to find her. After a period of searching he learns that she is in Doha, and immediately goes there to take her back. After many tries, he manages to convince her to come back to India, where they set up a new life together. Everything seems to become normal again. However, Rohit's first wife Poonam starts dating a young man named Abhimanyu (Sayush Sanjay Nayyar).
In subsequent episodes, Bani realizes that she had never loved her husband and wants to divorce him, while Rohit goes through a financial crises but doesn't let Ananya come to know about the matter. One day Poonam informs Ananya of Rohit's financial issues. Ananya is shocked that Rohit never told her about these financialsufferings, as both of them were planning a huge trip. Because of this misunderstanding, they go through a huge fight. Poonam is also very upset, as she is uncomfortable with the love she is receiving from Abhimanyu. She is also going through a difficult period of having a menopause, which has made her emotionally unstable. Eventually she comes to Rohit for a one-night stand. Poonam tells Rohit not to let Ananya know of their affair, as she would be very upset and end their relationship.
On Christmas Eve the all of the family and friends were invited to a party. Ananya originally believed that Poonam spent the night with Abhimanyu, but she eventually comes to know the truth by the end of the party. Rohit tries to explain, but Ananya doesn't want to listen to him. She says, "once a cheater, always a God dam bloody cheater" and leaves him again. She was pregnant but doesn't share the news with Rohit, as upon knowing the truth, she was broken and immediately left for Doha.
Season 3.
After four years, Ananya has a 3 year old baby boy namely Kabir. She is still living in Qatar.
Rohit has completely destroyed his life. He is now a drunkard who is always hanging out with girls.
One day, Ananya comes to know that she has to sell her company in India, which she had given to Bani, and comes back to India. Bani tells Ananya it's Ananya's mistake that she was given this responsibility. She reminds Ananya that she was given the company when Ananya was going through some bad days wanted to divert her mind. However, Bani also apologizes for her mistake. Ananya decides to fix the company with Bani. Ananya meets everyone, including Rohit, who she has a fight with. She decides that she wants a divorce from him, but he is not ready to do so.
One day, Rohit comes to meet his son, but Ananya doesn't allow him to. A girl Rohit has been dating for 2–3 days wants to marry him. Rohit and Poonam's younger daughter Nikki also wants to marry a guy. Everyone is busy in preparation for the wedding. On the day of Nikki's marriage,the police comes to arrest Rohit because a woman filed a kidnapping report for her daughter (whom he was dating). Everyone tries to get him out of jail in time for the wedding, but the police is not ready to relieve him. On the day of Nikki's marriage, Rohit confesses his family that he married the girl he was dating. Everyone is shocked. Ananya feels sad and wants to leave.
Next morning the daughter's mother comes to arrest Rohit again. She tells her daughter that the couple cannot be married as since Rohit is her sister's husband. That woman is Ananya's mother, who had left Ananya in a foster home when she was a baby. Her mother gave a huge amount of money to pay for Ananya's expenses but never met her. Ananya lived her life alone without parents and siblings which is why she has been so broken. The girl, in front of everyone, accepts that Rohit helped her in this matter because he loves Ananya so much. And that she and Rohit were not married. She then leaves.
Ananya misses her flight and decides to live in India with family. She comes to meet Rohit with her son Kabir. He apologizes for everything and wants another chance, but she says "I don't want my husband back".
Finally they get divorced. After the divorce, Rohit comes to meet her. In a flashback she says "I don't want my husband back, I want the man I love, Rohit, when we had great loving memories".
Release and reception.
Release.
The series went live on March 16, 2018 on the ALT Balaji app and its associated websites. It simultaneously went live on the Jio Cinema app.
Reception.
Bollywoodlife.com gave the series 4.5/5 stars, writing (direct translation) "Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain is a heartbreaking romantic tale of the lead trio that will make you choose between love and society." Mid-day.com also gave the series 4.5/5 stars and said, "High on emotions, Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain has a relatable story where life is not only about kitchen politics, or hacking an over-imaginative plan to kill someone or weeping all the time."
Glamsham.com gave the series 4/5 stars and wrote, "Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain is a sweet tale of love, hope and destiny! It is one mature love story which you cannot afford to miss." Boxofficeindia.com also gave the show 4/5 stars and wrote, "Amid the regressive plots present in abundance in the Indian television industry, Kehne Ko Humsafar Hain gives a fresh story line, while talking about the reality of relationships and their conflicts. The struggle that the male protagonist faces to balance both aspects of his life with sensitivity promises to be interesting."
Zee News gave the series 4/5 stars, writing "The storyline of the show is for a mature audience as it delves into the complex relationship of a husband, wife and the other woman. The web series shows a sneak-peek of what the reality today one faces in selecting between society and himself!"

</doc>
<doc id="56864534" url="?curid=56864534" title="Women's Sunday">
Women's Sunday

Women's Sunday was a suffragette march and rally held in London on 21 June 1908. Organized by Emmeline Pankhurst's Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) to persuade the Liberal government to support votes for women, it is thought to have been the largest demonstration that had been held at the time in the UK.
Up to half a million women and men from all over the country attended the event, while 30,000 women marched to Hyde Park in seven processions carrying 700 banners, including one that read "Not chivalry but justice".
Processions.
The event was organized by Emmeline Pethick-Lawrence, the WSPU's treasurer, and featured the WSPU colours—purple, white and green—for the first time in public. Women were asked to wear white dresses, and leading up to the event shops offered displays of clothing for attendees. The "Daily Chronicle" noted: "White frocks will be prominent in the windows with a plentiful supply of dress accessories in violet and green." In the two days before the event, over 10,000 scarves in the colours were sold, at two shillings and elevenpence each. Men wore ties in the colours.
Stewards met attendees at the stations when they arrived in London in special trains from around the UK. Around 30,000 women marched to Hyde Park in seven processions, each of which was headed by a chief marshal, who in turn led group marshals, captains and banner marshals. Emmeline Pankhurst, dressed in purple and accompanied by Elizabeth Wolstenholme-Elmy, led a procession from Euston Road. At Paddington, Annie Kenney led women from Wales, the Midlands and the west of England. Christabel Pankhurst and Emmeline Pethick-Lawrence led a procession from the Victoria Embankment. Five thousand marched from Kensington, along with five brass bands.
Other attendees included Sylvia Pankhurst, Maud Pember Reeves, Mary Gawthorpe, Ethel Snowden, Keir Hardie, Louie Cullen, Hanna Sheehy-Skeffington, George Bernard Shaw, H. G. Wells, Thomas Hardy and Israel Zangwill. There was said to be 300,000 spectators witnessing the 700 suffragists with their embroidered banners. The "Daily Chronicle" said that "Never, has so vast a throng gathered in London to witness a parade of political forces’. Whilst the "Standard" said "From first to last it was a great meeting, daringly conceived, splendidly stage-managed, and successfully carried out. Hyde Park has probably never seen a greater crowd of people."

</doc>
<doc id="56864539" url="?curid=56864539" title="Woman's Sunday">
Woman's Sunday


</doc>
<doc id="56864548" url="?curid=56864548" title="Honda of the UK Manufacturing">
Honda of the UK Manufacturing


</doc>
<doc id="56864558" url="?curid=56864558" title="Old World quails">
Old World quails


</doc>
<doc id="56864564" url="?curid=56864564" title="Church of St Thomas à Becket, South Cadbury">
Church of St Thomas à Becket, South Cadbury

The Church of St Thomas à Becket is the Anglican parish church for the ancient village of South Cadbury in Somerset and is dedicated to Thomas Becket. Today it is one of the 'Camelot Churches' of South Somerset in the Diocese of Bath and Wells and has been a Grade II* listed building since 1961. The church was much restored in the 1850s and 1870s.
The Domesday Book of 1086 states that a priest (clericus) here had half of geldable land, which indicates an important church was on the site then. The dedication is to Thomas Becket who was martyred at Canterbury Cathedral in 1170. The first recorded Rector at South Cadbury is Peter de Burg in 1265, when the Cult of St Thomas would have been at its height and which makes it likely that the early wall painting (restored in 1984) of a bishop in cope and mitre seen on the splay of a window in the south aisle may represent St Thomas himself.
Built of cary and lias stone, mostly ashlar, with some Doulting stone dressings, the church largely dates from the 13th and 15th centuries, but was widely restored in 1874. Many of the fittings date from this time. However, the tower with its turret, pinnacles and gargoyles was built in the 14th-century and has a peal of six bells, while the church also boasts a 15th-century roof with angel brackets and carved bosses, and an early wall painting of St Thomas. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
The porch has been much restored but the inner and outer doorways, windows and the chancel arch belong to the later Perpendicular Period. The arcade is part of the original Early English building and dates from about 1280. The pillars are quatrefoil and have moulded capitals and decorative rings; the tower arch dates from the same period. In 1780 the gallery was moved from the bottom of the body of the church, where it hid the belfry arch. The Mary and Martha Window is a memorial to the Rev. James Arthur Bennett who was Rector from 1866 to 1890. It was due to his scholarly supervision that the restoration of 1874 was so successful. The chancel itself was entirely rebuilt in 1874 with the exception of the two windows to the North, which were preserved so far as the stonework allowed. Early in the 19th-century the East window was cut down to form a window for the vestry. The present East Window dates to the restoration of 1874 and the glass depicting the Ascension is by Clayton and Bell, as is all the glass in the church from that period. The finely carved Crucifixion Scene which stands above the altar was erected in 1870 and is by Thomas Earp.
The pulpit stands on an old entrance to the rood loft. It is made of Bath stone and was carved for the restoration of 1874. A single panel from the earlier pulpit survived at the time and was used as a model for the pew-ends in the nave. All the wood in the church dates to this period with the exception of the tower door and screen. The niche behind the pulpit is in its original position, as is the squint or hagioscope in the south chancel arch, which was made to allow worshippers a view of the altar during Mass. The baptismal font was placed in the church in 1871; no trace of an earlier font survives except for a pewter bowl which was used for baptisms for many years until it was stolen in 1991.
The south aisle was rebuilt during the restoration of 1853 but holds a 14th-century piscina. The nave roof is 15th-century and has been repainted so that the carved bosses and angel brackets stand out. The rib and panel barrel vault roof in the chancel dates to 1874 and replaces one of 1790 which proved not to be effective. 
The 18th century poet and satirist Charles Churchill was at one time curate at South Cadbury.

</doc>
<doc id="56864571" url="?curid=56864571" title="Yamiche Alcindor">
Yamiche Alcindor

Yamiche Léone Alcindor ( ; born November 1, 1986) is an American journalist who is the host of "Washington Week", White House correspondent for the "PBS NewsHour" and a political contributor to NBC News and MSNBC. In the past, she has worked as a reporter for "USA Today" and "The New York Times". Alcindor writes mainly about politics and social issues.
Early life and education.
Alcindor was born in Miami, Florida, to Haitian-born parents. When she was in high school, she was an intern at the "Westside Gazette", a local African-American newspaper, and the "Miami Herald" (2005). She earned a bachelor's degree in English and government with a minor in African-American studies at Georgetown University in 2009. While studying, she became a member of the predominantly African-American sorority Alpha Kappa Alpha, and she interned at "The Seattle Times" (2006), the "Miami Herald" again (2007), the Botswanan newspaper "Mmegi" (2008), and "The Washington Post" (2009). She aspired to become a civil rights journalist, and was inspired by African-American journalist Gwen Ifill and contemporary newspaper reporting surrounding Emmett Till. In 2015, Alcindor received a master's degree in "broadcast news and documentary filmmaking" at New York University.
Career.
Alcindor's first full-time job was as a reporter at "Newsday", a newspaper based in Melville, New York. She was employed there for two years covering, among other things, the 2010 Haiti earthquake, until she became a multimedia reporter for "USA Today" based in New York City in December 2011 to cover national breaking news. For the newspaper, Alcindor reported on, among other things, the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, the killing of Trayvon Martin, the Ferguson unrest, and the Baltimore protests. She was named "Emerging Journalist of the Year" by the National Association of Black Journalists in 2013. That same year, Alcindor began to contribute to NBC News and MSNBC as a guest. Programs she has appeared on include "Morning Joe," "The Rachel Maddow Show", "PoliticsNation with Al Sharpton", "Hardball with Chris Matthews", and "Meet the Press".
She left "USA Today" to work for "The New York Times" as a national political reporter in November 2015. At "The New York Times", Alcindor covered the presidential campaigns of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. She also produced a documentary called "The Trouble with Innocence" (2015) about a man who was wrongly convicted of murder. Alcindor also appeared in the 2018 television series "The Fourth Estate" about "Times" staff covering the first 100 days of the Trump presidency.
In 2016, she was nominated for a Shorty Award in the Journalist category. The next year, Alcindor won an award in a tribute to journalist Gwen Ifill, who had died in November 2016, at the Syracuse University's Toner Prize ceremony. Alcindor was number 13 on the 2017 edition of "The Root 100", an annual list by magazine "The Root" of the most influential African Americans between the ages of 25 and 45. In January 2018, she was named White House correspondent of the "PBS NewsHour", replacing John Yang, who was named the "NewsHour's" national correspondent. In this position Alcindor first covered the Trump presidency. During the 2020 presidential election season, she was one of the moderators of the sixth Democratic debate. Erik Wemple of "The Washington Post" reported President Donald Trump has repeatedly insulted Alcindor at White House press conferences. Alcindor received the 2020 Aldo Beckman Award for Overall Excellence in White House Coverage from the White House Correspondents' Association.
In May 2021, Alcindor was named the new moderator of "Washington Week".
Personal life.
Alcindor is Haitian-American and is fluent in Haitian Creole. She is a member of the National Association of Black Journalists. In 2018, she married reporter Nathaniel Cline.

</doc>
<doc id="56864575" url="?curid=56864575" title="Han Zhijun">
Han Zhijun

Han Zhijun (born 21 February 1930) is a Communist cadre and widow of Hua Guofeng, Chairman of the Communist Party of China and Premier of China. She has been described as "China's most mysterious first lady", as she rarely appeared with her husband in public.
Biography.
Han was born in 1930 to a peasant household in a small village in Wutai County. Her father participated in training drills organised by the Eighth Route Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and reportedly returned home to teach his daughter revolutionary songs. Han would then teach these songs to the members of the Children's Corps (). An uncle later described her as a smart and alert young girl, who was more use than the older male youths, and led the Children's Corps in guard duty. Han later recalled that the years 1941–1943 as the most desperate living under the Japanese army's white terror. In 1945, Han's mother joined the Communist Party and worked for the National Salvation Women's Corps (), using the family's crops to feed members of the Eighth Route Army, and Han entered the workforce in 1945.
In 1948, Han was a cadre in a provincial organisation. She married Hua Guofeng in November that year. In August 1949, she went with Hua when he became party secretary of Xiangyin County. Their eldest child, Su Hua, was born in early 1950. The family moved to Beijing in 1951, after Hua was transferred to the State Council.
As first lady.
Han never accompanied Chairman Hua on business trips abroad and the two rarely appeared in public together. Reportedly, Han continued to cycle to and from work. She served as director of the cadre department of the import-export company of the Ministry of Light Industry () from 1975. In 1978, she participated in the 4th executive committee of the All-China Women's Federation.
Since Hua's death, Han has made public appearances at his memorial services, and the 2013 and 2014 Spring Festival celebrations, where she was publicly greeted by Xi Jinping and Zhang Dejiang, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="56864579" url="?curid=56864579" title="Katie Hinde">
Katie Hinde

Katherine (Katie) Hinde is an Associate Professor of Evolutionary Biology and Senior Sustainability Scientist at Arizona State University, where she researches lactation. She is also a science writer and science communicator.
Education.
Hinde attended Seattle Central College and was part of the Running Start and College Transfer programs. She earned a bachelor's of arts in anthropology from the University of Washington in 1999. She joined University of California, Los Angeles for her doctoral studies, where she was awarded the Chancellor’s Dissertation Fellowship in 2007. She completed her PhD at UCLA in 2008.
Career.
Hinde served as a postdoctoral scholar in Neuroscience in the Brain, Mind, and Behavior Unit of California National Primate Research Center at UC Davis until 2009. She joined Harvard University as an Assistant Professor in 2011, where she remained until 2015.
Hinde is now the Director of the Comparative Lactation Lab at Arizona State University. Here she investigates the hormones, food and medicine contained within mother's milk. She argues that we know twice as much about erectile dysfunction than we do about breast milk. Hinde identified that the combination of fat, protein, mineral, sugar, bacteria and hormones contained within mother's milk are equivalent to fingerprints and influence infant outcomes from postnatal life to adulthood. Human breast milk contains oligosaccharides, of which there are more than 200 varieties. These cannot be digested by babies, but instead provide the right community of microbes to prevent pathogens from establishing. Hinde identified that the milk of young monkey mothers contained fewer calories but more of the stress hormone cortisol than that of their older counterparts. She found that more cortisol contributes to infants that are more active and playful, as well as infants who are better at coping in stressful situations.
She is recognised as a young researcher who has made outstanding, original scientific contributions to the study of human milk. Hinde is a member of the Executive Council of the International Society for Research in Human Milk and Lactation. Her research has been featured in "National Geographic, Slate (magazine), Science News, The Washington Times" and "The New York Times". She speaks regularly at international conferences.
Public engagement.
In 2011 Hinde began the popular science blog "Mammals Suck ... Milk!", which has since had over one million views. She is associate editor of Splash! Milk Science Update. She created Mammal March Madness in 2013, a month of science outreach events used in classrooms across America. In 2014 she wrote Building Babies. She appeared on the Center for Academic Research and Training in Anthropogeny YouTube channel, discussing Childrearing in Human Evolution. She was a guest on the comedy show "You're the Expert" with Wyatt Cenac. In 2016 Hinde was named the Milk Maven in GRIST 50, an annual list of innovators who are working toward a more sustainable future. She part of the SAFE13 study, which looks to expose how widespread sexual harassment and assault are in scientific fieldwork. In 2017 Hinde delivered a TED talk "What we don't know about mother's milk". She was recently featured in the Netflix docuseries, "Babies."
Awards.
2016 – Ehrlich-Koldovsky Early Career Award, International Society for Research in Human Milk &amp; Lactation
2016 – Sustainability Innovators, Organizers, &amp; Visionaries #Grist50 Grist Magazine
2014 – Early Career Achievement Award, American Society of Primatologists
2014 – Distinguished Alumni Award, Seattle Central College
2013 – Most Valuable Presentation Award 10th Annual Milk Genomics and Human Health Meeting

</doc>
<doc id="56864580" url="?curid=56864580" title="Juana Mordó">
Juana Mordó

Juana Mordó (April 26, 1899 – March 12, 1984) was born in Thessaloniki, Greece and was an art dealer and gallery director in Madrid, Spain.
Early years.
Juana Naar Scialom was born in Salonica, Greece on April 26, 1899. Daughter of Elise Scialom and León Naar, of Sephardic descent. She moved to Paris with her family.
Mordó's first marriage was to Albert Yacoel who worked in the textile trade in Paris. The marriage ended, and at the end of the 1920s she married Enrique Mordó. She moved to Berlin, with her second husband who ran an import and export business of oriental rugs.
She lived in Berlin during the rise of Nazi power. Mordó, a Spanish passport holder, decided to leave for Switzerland with her husband shortly before the start of World War II.
Arrival in Madrid.
In 1942, Enrique Mordó dies of heart failure in Switzerland. By 1943, Mordó decides to move to Madrid with her mother. Shortly after their arrival her mother, Elise Scialom passes away and Mordó decides to continue living in Madrid.
A friend from Berlin who worked in intellectual media, puts Mordó in touch with contacts. She obtains work on the French RNE broadcast, reading her articles and signs them with the pseudonym Carmen Soler. The first of these collaborations was an interview with Spanish novelist, essayist and literary critic, Azorín. Other interviews and works on various topics would follow including travel, visits to Spanish cities, literary, social, and festive themes, all announced with her signature greeting, "Mes chers auditeurs".
The "salons" of Juana.
Throughout the years, the image of Mordó has achieved great prestige in the cultural world of Madrid. In a desire to animate the intellectual environment of Madrid, Mordó summoned writers and artists on Saturdays to her home on Rodriguez de San Pedro Street. These meetings became known as the "salons" of Juana. Mordó's friends, José Luis López Aranguren, Dionisio Ridruejo, Pedro Laín Entralgo, Luis Felipe Vivanco, Antonio Tovar, Rodrigo Uría González, Luis Rosales, José Luis Sampedro, Pedro Mourlane Michelena, Antonio de Zubiaurre, Gerardo Diego, Antonio Saura, Carlos Saura were among the attendees.
Introduction into the art world.
In the Autumn of 1953, the first International Outdoor Sculpture Exhibition was inaugurated in the Retiro Park, which promoted the General Direction of Fine Arts and the Society of Friends of the Landscape and the Gardens. Mordó joined the organizing committee as the Secretary that was chaired by Antonio Gallego Burín, the general director of Fine Arts, with vice-president Joan Ainaud de Lasarte, the director of the Museums of Barcelona, José Luis Fernández del Amo, the director of the Museum of Contemporary Art.
In addition to Secretary of the organizing committee of the exhibition, Mordó, was the time coordinator. In this role, Mordó managed numerous details to facilitate the realization of the project which culminated in the assembly of the works. Through this project she built a wealth knowledge and experience about mounting an exhibition.
Director of the Biosca Gallery.
In 1958, the gallery owner Aurelio Biosca was looking for someone to run his gallery and met Mordó. The gallery showcased artists of and the generation of the great Spanish informalism in which Mordó curated some very influential exhibitions.
Juana Mordó Gallery.
Encouragement from Mordó's artist friends and colleagues gave her the confidence to open her own gallery. Mordó formed the gallery with Ernesto Wuthenow, María Luisa Maristany and José Ayllón.
The Juana Mordó gallery was located on Villanueva Street No. 7, and opened on March 14, 1964. It was inaugurated with a group exhibition of artists: Vicente Ameztoy, Amalia Avia, Jaime Burguillos, José Caballero, Rafael Canogar, Eduardo Chillida, Enrique Gran, José Guerrero, Carmen Laffon, Antonio Lopez Garcia, Julio Lopez Hernandez, Francisco Lozano, Manolo Millares, Manuel Hernández Mompó, Lucio Muñoz, Gaston Orellana, Alejandro Kingdom, Manuel Rivera, Juan de Ribera Berenguer, Luis Sáez, Antonio Saura, Eusebio Sempere, Pablo Serrano, Antonio Suarez, Antoni Tapies, Gustavo Torner and Fernando Zobe. In December 1975, with Manuel Mendoza, Mordó opened a new gallery on Calle Castelló, number 7. In the late 1960s Mordó started a long-term collaboration and friendship with the gallery owner Margarete Lauter in Mannheim. Thanks to this cooperation, Lauter was able to give Spanish contemporary art a platform in Germany.
Death and legacy.
On June 27, 1983, King Juan Carlos presented Mordó with the Gold Medal of the Fine Arts at the Prado Museum. A few months later she died in Madrid on March 12, 1984.
Mordó was an influential gallery owner and defender of avant-garde art, promoting painters and sculptors of the time. From Mordó's collection, multiple works have come to public institutions. Mordó's legacy is part of the artistic heritage of the Círculo de Bellas Artes of Madrid and it is composed mostly of works of unquestionable artistic value and many of the pieces are accompanied by affectionate dedications because they were gifts that artists created for a special event, such as the founding artist of Grupo El Paso, Manuel Rivera. Her archive was given to the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid.
Additional acquisitions (legacy Mordó-Alvear) arrived at the San Fernando Academy including 57 pieces by authors such as Rafael Canogar, Gustavo Torner, Bonifacio Alfonso and an engraved plate by Dalí.

</doc>
<doc id="56864587" url="?curid=56864587" title="Inebriates Act 1898">
Inebriates Act 1898

The Inebriates Act 1898 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which came into force in 1898.
It allowed non-criminal inebriates to be admitted to reformatories for up to three years if they had been convicted of drunkenness four times in one year. Criminal inebriates were also included if they had been convicted of an imprisonable crime. 
State inebriate reformatories could be established by the Secretary of State paid for by the Government. Certified inebriate reformatories satisfying the certification process of the Secretary of State could be created on the application of the council of any county or borough or of any persons desirous of establishing an inebriate reformatory.
The Habitual Drunkards Act 1879 had allowed authorities to establish retreats for inebriates but payment by the inmate was required, thus excluding those working-class drunkards most at risk and with the least financial support.
A year after the Inebriate Act's passage, the "Journal of Mental Science" viewed the results as disappointing in part due to lack of funding, with no reformatories at all in Scotland or Ireland and with those in England insufficient to meet demand. The immediate need for a reformatory for men was noted.
As of December 1900, no state reformatories were built and councils did not fund any. Some councils made use of privately owned homes, such as Brentry, near Bristol, Duxhurst, near Reigate, and St Joseph's Reformatory at Ashford, Kent. A review of the Act reported "During the first year’s working of the new Act, only eighty-two patients were received, five under Section 1, upon conviction for an offence punishable by imprisonment or penal servitude; and seventy-two under Section 2, on a new conviction, after three previous convictions within a year, of an habitual drunkard. Of these, London has supplied sixty-one cases."
By 1904, women accounted for 91% of those in inebriate retreats while accounting for 20% of convictions for drunkenness. Out of the 3636 compulsory admissions between 1899 and 1910, 84% were women. By 1906, nine of the eleven reformatories in England were exclusively for women, with the other two having space for both genders.
The act was superseded by the Mental Deficiency Act 1913, reclassifying many inebriates as mental defectives. The last inebriate reformatories closed by the 1920s, though many were reclassified and operated as mental institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="56864588" url="?curid=56864588" title="Bohemian wind">
Bohemian wind

The Bohemian wind or böhm ( or "Böhmischer Wind") is a katabatic downslope wind, which occurs in East Bavaria, eastern Upper Franconia, the Vogtland, the Ore Mountains, Upper Lusatia, the Sudetes and the Austrian Granite and Gneiss Highland. It is associated with gusty, dry winds and low temperatures. The böhm carries hazy, often slightly dusty air from the Bohemian Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="56864590" url="?curid=56864590" title="Accessible functor">
Accessible functor


</doc>
<doc id="56864597" url="?curid=56864597" title="2018 in Malawi">
2018 in Malawi

This article lists events from the year 2018 in Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="56864599" url="?curid=56864599" title="Water maze (disambiguation)">
Water maze (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56864606" url="?curid=56864606" title="2018 Pittsburgh Panthers football team">
2018 Pittsburgh Panthers football team

The 2018 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Panthers were led by fourth-year head coach Pat Narduzzi and played their home games at Heinz Field. They were a member of the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). This was Pitt's sixth season as a member of the ACC.
Previous season.
The Panthers finished the 2017 season 5–7, 3–5 in ACC play to finish in a three-way tie for fourth place in the Coastal Division.
Preseason.
ACC media poll.
The ACC media poll was released on July 24, 2018 with the Panthers predicted to finish in fifth place in the Coastal Division.
Schedule.
The Panthers schedule was released on January 17, 2018.
The Cathedral of Learning, which usually lights up after every Pitt sports win, was darkened following Pitt's 54-45 victory over Duke on October 27 out of respect for the Tree of Life Synagogue shooting in nearby Squirrel Hill, which had occurred earlier that day.

</doc>
<doc id="56864611" url="?curid=56864611" title="Zema Barbara Coghill Haworth">
Zema Barbara Coghill Haworth


</doc>
<doc id="56864613" url="?curid=56864613" title="Nicolás Pasquini">
Nicolás Pasquini

Nicolás Pasquini (born 2 January 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Argentine Primera División club Estudiantes on loan from Lanús.
Career.
Pasquini began his youth career with Club San Carlos, prior to joining Lanús' system in 2006. In July 2010, Pasquini joined Primera B Metropolitana side Atlanta on loan for two seasons. In his first season, 2010–11, he featured six times as Atlanta won the title and promotion to Primera B Nacional for 2011–12. In tier two, he played seventeen times in a season which ended with relegation. He returned to Lanús in June 2012 and subsequently made his professional debut in the Copa Argentina on 17 April 2013 versus Atlético de Rafaela. His Argentine Primera División debut arrived a month later against Tigre.
One hundred and twenty-two appearances in all competitions followed in his first six seasons with Lanús as the club won the 2013 Copa Sudamericana, the 2016 Argentine Primera División, the 2016 Copa Bicentenario and the 2016 Supercopa Argentina. Over that period, Pasquini scored six times including his first in a league match with Olimpo on 2 September 2013.
Honours.
Atlanta
Lanús

</doc>
<doc id="56864625" url="?curid=56864625" title="Böhm (wind)">
Böhm (wind)


</doc>
<doc id="56864629" url="?curid=56864629" title="List of Cis species">
List of Cis species

This is a list of 153 species in "Cis", a genus of minute tree-fungus beetles in the family Ciidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56864635" url="?curid=56864635" title="Korean idols in advertising">
Korean idols in advertising

In South Korea, Korean celebrities often work with South Korean commercial and advertisement industries. Companies are quoted as saying that they use Korean idols to change their brands' image to a young, fresh one and promote their goods to a younger, wider, and global audience. This page focuses specifically on Korean idols in domestic and foreign advertisements. The items or goods that Korean idols advertise are not limited and can include shopping malls, school uniforms, health insurance, cars, and water filtration devices. They can also appear in commercials that promote common goods such as driving safety, environmental health, and safe cell phone use.
Songs and music videos as forms of advertisements.
Including the cost of travel, costumes, staffs, special effects, and many other factors, most K-pop music videos have high costs; T-ara's song "Lovey-Dovey" and B.A.P's "One Shot" are said to have cost about 1 million dollars each. To support these costly videos, product placements frequently appear in idol groups' music videos. Most common product placement in idols' music videos tends to food, clothing, cell phones, headphones, beauty care, and drinks. Idols emphasize their product placements by using them, playing with the, or holding the items close to their faces. Examples include "Level headphones" in Exo's "Call me Baby", "Baskin Robins ice cream" in Red Velvet's "Ice Cream Cake", "Mr Pizza's pizza" in SNSD's "Lion Heart", and countless more.
Addictive melodies and tunes are common marketing techniques used in commercials. In some commercials, idols sing a short song dedicated to the product they are selling, such as SHINee's short commercial song that emphasized characteristics of a Korean snack called "bbushuh bbushuh". Sometimes, idols alter their songs or trending songs to advertise a good. More uncommon but not rare, there are some instances when idol groups develop whole, new songs or music videos solely to advertise goods. For example, a girl group, Apink, and a boy group, B.A.P., collaborated to create a song and a music video called "Skoolooks" that advertised Skoolooks' new uniform for girls and boys. Another example is SNSD's song and music video, "Cooky"."Cooky" was also the name of an LG smartphone, and in the music video, the members can be seen dancing and playing with the "Cooky" smartphones as they sing "Cooky, cooky". These commercial music videos have the same characteristics of standard K-pop music video with its addictive hook and 3–4 minutes time length.
In other cases, idols use concepts or themes, which they had incorporated into their music videos, in commercials. For example, the idol group, Exo, used a superpower concept, where each member had a special superpower, in their music video "MAMA". And in a KFC commercial, each of the group members used a superpower concept, which they had in their music video, to promote the flavors and characteristics of KFC's new menu, hot chicken mala.
Idols in advertisements targeting international audiences.
Korean idols not only advertise domestic products, they often advertise global or international products. For example, in SNSD's music video, "Party", members can be seen playing with a toy figure of an airplane with a "Thai Air" logo. In other commercials, groups got7 appear in TV commercials in Thailand or groups like Twice appear in Japanese TV commercials for mobile. Continuing on, in various countries, there are Pop-up stores that sell fan-goods, such as Twice-themed cafe in Japan and BTS (band)-themed cafe in Pakistan. These international pop-up stores are examples of idols being used as marketing tools to sell goods overseas. In addition, online shopping websites such as Amazon and other websites help distribute goods, advertised by Korean idols, to international fans. Korean online shopping websites help this distribution by including multiple language functions (such as English, Chinese, and Japanese) and allowing foreign-language speakers to navigate their websites easily. These websites often specifically target international fans by providing coupons or incentives for international shoppers from specific countries (Examples of this include providing free shipping from certain countries).
Advertisements promoting Korean idols.
In Korea, posters promoting debuting idols or popular idols can be found on buses and posters in movie theaters. On several occasions, idol groups' fans often use their own money to promote their favorite group or group members. For example, on an idol group's anniversary or a member's birthday, posters advertising them or a single idol can be seen in many Korean subways. In Times Square at New York, idols had appeared in Times Square advertisements as international fans attempted to celebrate a group's anniversary or a member's upcoming birthday.
Criticisms and concerns.
Some fans criticize product placements in music videos as being too shameful, obvious, and commercializing. Other fans had raised concerns about potential corruption or sexual coercion that are recurrently involved in sponsorship and advertisement deals. Thus, rumors often circulate when an idol appears in many advertisements or accumulates popularity too quickly. There are organization and clubs in Korea that are dedicated to matching rookie or unpopular celebrities to rich, powerful sponsors. Sponsors can potentially give advertisement deals, money, and goods in exchange for sexual services.

</doc>
<doc id="56864636" url="?curid=56864636" title="Cham-Furth Depression">
Cham-Furth Depression

The Cham-Furth Depression (, ) is a lowland in the Upper Palatine-Bavarian Forest that separates the Upper Palatinate Forest from the Bavarian Forest. At the same time it connects the Upper Palatinate with Bohemia.
The German part has an area of 281 km², a length of 40 kilometres and a width of five to ten kilometres. The Czech part covers 206 km². The valley runs in a west-southwest-east northeast direction.
It is divided into the Cham basin in the west at a height of 360 to 400 metres, which extends from Roding roughly as far as Arnschwang, and the smaller Furth depression in the east, which extends to Bohemia at heights of 400 to 500 metres. The Furth valley is bounded in the east by the European watershed. Its highest point is Kameňák ("Steinwald", 751 m) near Svatá Kateřina ("St. Katharina").
The geologically ancient depression is filled with Pleistocene and alluvial sediments and drained by the rivers Chamb and Regen and their tributaries. These rivers meander through the undulating, hilly region.
In the Cham Basin, gneisses and granites predominate. In the Furth valley melanocratic rock of the gabbro-amphibolite mass is dominant. The climate is warmer and drier than the surrounding mountains, but winters are relatively cold and often characterized by "böhm" winds from the east.
The hilltops of the typically rural landscape are covered with islands of spruce and pine. While the Cham Basin has been inhabited almost continuously since the Stone Age, the Furth valley was not fully developed until the High Middle Ages. Farming dominates, followed by grassland use.
The Cham-Furth Depression has always been an important communication route between Bavaria and Bohemia. Cham Castle, built around 976, guarded the eastern border of the Empire. The Bavarian-Bohemian border of the vast area has remained highly disputed throughout the early modern period, which led to different negotiations and agreements between the kings of Bohemia and the dukes of Bavaria in 1564, 1580, and finally in 1764. Today the area is part of the Upper Bavarian Forest Nature Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56864640" url="?curid=56864640" title="2018 PDC Players Championship 5">
2018 PDC Players Championship 5

The 2018 PDC Players Championship 5 was the fifth of twenty-two Players Championship events on the 2018 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place in Milton Keynes, England on 17 March 2018. It featured a field of 128 players and £75,000 in prize money, with £10,000 going to the winner. It was won by Michael van Gerwen.

</doc>
<doc id="56864641" url="?curid=56864641" title="Niels Wamberg">
Niels Wamberg

Niels Alfred Wamberg (31 July 1920 – 28 May 2016) was a Danish coxswain. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the round one repêchage.

</doc>
<doc id="56864642" url="?curid=56864642" title="John Haralson">
John Haralson


</doc>
<doc id="56864643" url="?curid=56864643" title="Niels Alfred Wamberg">
Niels Alfred Wamberg


</doc>
<doc id="56864700" url="?curid=56864700" title="Cham-Furth lowland">
Cham-Furth lowland


</doc>
<doc id="56864702" url="?curid=56864702" title="Nela Ticket">
Nela Ticket

Nela Ticket ( Low Class Ticket) is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film, produced by Ram Talluri on his production banner SRT Entertainments and directed by Kalyan Krishna Kurasala. It features Ravi Teja, Malvika Sharma, Jagapathi Babu in the lead roles and music composed by Shakthi Kanth Karthick. The film released worldwide on 25 May 2018.
Plot.
Nela Ticket (Ravi Teja) is an orphan raised in an orphanage in Bangalore belonging to Ananda Bhupathi (Sarath Babu). Ananda gets killed by his own son Aditya Bhupathi (Jagapathi Babu), who later becomes the Home Minister. Nela Ticket runs into a tussle with Aditya's men, and this brings both Aditya and Nela Ticket opposite each other. The fight that happens between them and how Nela Ticket brings Aditya to justice forms the plot.
Production.
Development.
In August 2016 US based NRI, Ram Talluri signed Ravi Teja for his next film. After much delay, in December 2017 director Kalyan Krishna Kurasala joined the project and Mumbai based model Malvika Sharma was signed in as a female lead, which marks her debut in cinema.
Jagapathi Babu was also signed to play the main antogonist and Shakthi Kanth Karthick joined as a music composer.
Filming.
Principal photography began on 5 January 2018 in Hyderabad. Films's shoot was wrapped up n early May 2018.
Release.
The film was theatrically released on 25 May 2018. The film was also dubbed and released in Hindi on YouTube by Goldmines Telefilms on 18 May 2019. The Hindi dubbed version crossed more than 180 million views on YouTube.
Soundtrack.
The music is composed by Shakthi Kanth Karthick, and was released by Lahari Music Company, who held the audio launch on 10 May 2018 with Pawan Kalyan.
Reception.
In its review of the film, The Times of India gave a rating of 1.5/5 and wrote “Mindless action scenes, love at first sight (quite literally), a dozen comedians who fail to evoke laughter, an evil politician and an aloof, goofy young man who suddenly turns into a saviour. Sounds familiar? Ravi Teja’s latest venture Nela Ticket is as predictable as they come. Loud and boorish, this Kalyan Krishna directorial lacks imagination and creativity.”
The Hindustan Times gave a rating of 1.5/5 and wrote “Nela Ticket scores low on sensitivity though with its rape jokes and the lead’s stalker-like behavior. Was it necessary to have a character threaten rape to get his way? Isn’t it time for Tollywood to lose this trope to get audiences to laugh, because it is tone-deaf and insensitive. And really, what is funny about it?”.
123telugu gave a rating of 2.25/5 and wrote "The film completely falters at the script level itself. Though the key points are joined well at the end, the way they are brought into the plot look logicless. Too many loopholes are clearly visible in the proceedings right throughout the film. Yet another drawback of the film is that it is painfully long. There was no need to stretch the plot to such extent in both the halves. After a point in time in the first half, you get so irritated to see the first half never coming to an end. The selection of heroine is pathetic as there is absolutely no chemistry between the lead pair and they don’t look good as a pair".
SMTV 24X7 gave a positive review, praising the story, direction and performances. They commented: " ... The director has made the film an entertaining watch by including the regular masala elements of Ravi Teja's movies. Its comedy and an emotional quotient will strike a chord with the audience. ... As usual, Ravi Teja has delivered a brilliant performance."

</doc>
<doc id="56864712" url="?curid=56864712" title="Hilda (graphic novel series)">
Hilda (graphic novel series)

Hilda (also known as "Hildafolk") is a British children's graphic novel series written and illustrated by Luke Pearson and published by Nobrow Press. A television series adaptation was released on Netflix on September 21, 2018. Following the success of the Netflix series, several story book tie-ins were published.
Content.
The graphic novels are set in a fantastic world resembling a late 20th century Scandinavia. They draw inspiration from Scandinavian folklore and the Moomins. The titular character is a small girl, who in the first two books lives with her mother in a cottage on a plain surrounded by mountains and forests, but later moves to the city Trolberg. Hilda's world is inhabited by regular people as well as fantastical creatures like trolls, giants, elves and spirits. In the fourth book, Hilda joins Trolberg's Sparrow Scouts.
Publication history.
The "Hilda" graphic novels were released in locally translated versions in several other countries, including France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Poland, Sweden, Norway, Czech Republic, Croatiaand Russia.
Reception and awards.
Critical reception.
The series was highly praised by critics and fans alike. The New York Times review by Pamela Paul of the volume "Hilda and the Bird Parade" draws comparisons between Pearson's fantastic worlds and the creations of Hayao Miyazaki, further stating: "In Hilda’s world, daytime is drawn in burnt orange, maroon and drab olive, and the night is an icy, eerie wash of dark teal and minty blue. Each landscape contains its own tantalizing visions." Alexandra Lange's article about the whole series for The New Yorker also stresses the similarities with Miyazaki's works and talks about the complexity of Pearson's creations and their appeal to kids and adults alike: “Pearson’s aesthetic is sophisticated for the often candy-colored world of children’s animation, and the plots fit neatly into a number of present-day parenting preoccupations.”
In July 2013, "Hilda and the Midnight Giant" was featured in "The Best 7 Books for Young Readers" list released by Deutschlandfunk, the German public radio. "Hilda and the Midnight Giant" was also nominated in "The Cartoonist Studio Prize for Best Graphic Novel of the Year: 2012 Shortlist" in Slate's The Cartoonist Studio Prize in 2013. The same year in November "Hilda and the Bird Parade" was included in the list of "Notable Children’s Books of 2013" by The New York Times.
TV adaptation.
The TV production and licensing company Silvergate Media launched an animated series based on the graphic novels exclusively on Netflix on 21 September 2018 to widespread acclaim. The series' second season was released on 14 December 2020. 
tie in.
 
The series has also inspired other media included a feature film title Hilda and The Mountain King, video gamesand novels.

</doc>
<doc id="56864716" url="?curid=56864716" title="Terminator6">
Terminator6


</doc>
<doc id="56864732" url="?curid=56864732" title="Hitler's Bodyguard (TV series)">
Hitler's Bodyguard (TV series)

Hitler's Bodyguard (2008–09) is a 13-episode British television documentary series chronicling Adolf Hitler's loyal bodyguard personnel who guarded him throughout his career. The series contains reenactments and first-person accounts of the multiple assassination attempts Hitler faced. The series was created by the producers of "Churchill's Bodyguard".
The series notes that Hitler required a large number of bodyguards compared to Winston Churchill who only had few. The show was added to Netflix in Australia and New Zealand on 28 February 2017. It is also on Amazon Prime Video.

</doc>
<doc id="56864739" url="?curid=56864739" title="Karlsfeld station">
Karlsfeld station

Karlsfeld station is a railway station in the municipality of Karlsfeld, located in the district of Dachau in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
Location.
The northern area of the station is located in the municipality of Karlsfeld and has an eastern access from the "Wehrstaudenstrasse" and a western access from the "Bayernwerkstraße".
The southern area of the station is located in the city of Munich (borough Allach-Untermenzing) and has an eastern ("Zum Schwabenbächl") and a western access ("Eversbuschstraße").

</doc>
<doc id="56864752" url="?curid=56864752" title="Tithymalus tuckeyana">
Tithymalus tuckeyana


</doc>
<doc id="56864754" url="?curid=56864754" title="Florence (video game)">
Florence (video game)

Florence is an interactive story and video game developed by the Australian studio Mountains and published by Annapurna Interactive. The game was released on February 14, 2018 (Valentine's Day) for iOS, on March 14, 2018 for Android, and for Microsoft Windows, macOS and Nintendo Switch on February 13, 2020.
In "Florence", the player follows the story of 25-year-old Florence Yeoh as she lives her daily routine and meets Krish, a cellist she sees in the park. The game features little written dialogue and tells Florence's story through a series of brief chapters. Puzzles are used to reinforce pieces of Florence's life as players progress through her story.
Lead designer Ken Wong wanted to create games that eschewed violence and was inspired by his work on "Monument Valley" to have a more narrative-focused experience that included puzzles. The game received critical acclaim that praised the game's art-style, music, and narrative structure, but criticized the ending.
Gameplay.
"Florence" is divided into 20 chapters, each featuring a different portion of Florence Yeoh's life. The chapters are separated into six acts, which represent different portions of Florence's growth and change. The game plays out linearly, requiring input from the player in the form of short minigames which help mimic or reveal Florence's thoughts and actions. These games include: Florence brushing her teeth, Florence following the sound of a cello to find Krish, Krish cleaning his room before Florence visits, and Florence packing up her things when Krish moves in—and giving Krish's things back to him when he moves out—among others. A single play-through of "Florence" takes approximately 30 minutes.
Plot.
The game follows Florence Yeoh, a 25-year-old woman who lives alone and is settled into a monotonous routine of working at her job and mindlessly interacting with social media on her commute. One morning, her phone dies and she follows the sound of a cello and sees Krish, a street performer, for the first time. Krish befriends her and they go out on some dates. They kiss for the first time and begin to take their relationship more seriously. Krish moves in with Florence and is pushed by her to follow his dreams of being a great cellist. As a thank you, Krish gives Florence a painting set and Florence fantasizes about following her passion of being an artist.
The couple have their first fight six months later at a grocery store. After a year, the two have fallen into a routine and begin to drift apart. After another fight, Krish moves out. Florence decides to quit her job and follow her painting passion, where she finds success.
Development.
After his success with "Monument Valley", game designer Ken Wong felt that he had done what he could at his development studio, Ustwo, and wanted to create his own studio. He chose to move back to his native Australia after seeing the game development scene in Melbourne grow. Wong founded a new company, Mountains, in Melbourne.
After hiring staff, Mountains had no direction on what kind of game they wanted to create. Wong's approach was to first hire the team and then come up with a solid game. The staff discussed how film and books regularly explored love and human emotions, but that it was missing from game design and it would be a "good challenge." They opted to move forward and create "Florence". It was the first game Wong had worked on since "Monument Valley".
Wong and the rest of the team wanted to create a game that eschewed violence. Wong said, "I wanted to explore what kind of stories and what kind of dynamics we can get without resorting to violence." Mountains decided to make the game on mobile so it could be as accessible as possible. The team's goal was to create a game where players focus on exploring emotions instead of achieving goals. In contrast to Wong's previous game, "Monument Valley", Wong wanted to create an experience that was similar to a comic book or silent movie with a focus on narrative. Wong and the team were inspired by film in creating "Florence", and specifically cited "500 Days of Summer", "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", and "Titanic".
The developers wanted to make the game a linear experience early on in the process because of a concern that people with more life experience would make the "correct" choices and avoid the moral of the game. Mountains was inspired by the way people consume other media for the emotional connections they bring, and wanted to bring that feeling to video games. The team decided to use music as a substitute for dialogue throughout the game, with the cello representing Krish while the piano follows Florence. Mountains used musical themes for the characters after accidentally creating them during development of the "Groceries" chapter, where Krish and Florence have their first fight. Wong chose the name Florence as she was designed to be a Chinese Australian whose parents picked an "old fashioned name" for their daughter when they immigrated.
After "Florence"'s release, lead developer Ken Wong was accused of being verbally abusive by one of Mountains's staffers during the development of "Florence". The staffer, who served as the lead developer on "Florence", accused Wong of abusing him emotionally "to the point of depression and suicide." Wong publicly apologized for his behavior in a statement, saying, "There are a lot of things I should have done better or differently during that time." 
Reception.
Critical Reception.
"Florence" was announced on October 24, 2017. A demo shown publicly at PAX Australia 2017 focused on the first 15 minutes of the game, where it received positive marks from Australian video game journalists. "Kotaku Australia" Rae Johnston called "Florence" her "stand-out game" and felt that the game's minigames succeeded in making her invested in the characters. "PC Authority" Alayna Cole praised the game for standing out with a story about love and diversity, describing it as feeling "like a rarity" in modern video game culture.
"Florence" was well received by critics. CJ Andriessen of "Destructoid" described the game as "a truly beautiful product" and felt that the game was one of the most imaginative storytelling devices he had ever seen. Tim Biggs of "The Sydney Morning Herald" felt that the minigames made "Florence" "truly special" and that it was "breathtaking and emotionally affirming". Jordan Erica Webber of "The Guardian" praised "Florence"s ability to capture "what it's like to fall in love for the first time." "Eurogamer" Christian Donlan noted that the game's puzzle format to life doesn't "quite work" but still loved the journey the game provided. "The Hollywood Reporter" Patrick Shanley praised Wong and his team for nailing the "getting to know you" aspect of dating. IGN Japan's Esra Krabbe called it a "universal work of art" and praised it as a game that anyone could play. "The Guardian" Simon Parkin listed "Florence" as his "Game of the Month" and noted that the game never felt trite and was well executed.
Many reviewers compared the game to the "WarioWare" series. "The Verge" Andrew Webster compared the game to a "webcomic crossed with "Warioware"," and "Polygon" Allegra Frank praised the game's minigames as making the emotional component of the game resonate with the player. Destructoid's Andriessen echoed Frank on the effectiveness of the minigames and felt that the game was a "beautiful product".
Criticism focused on some story elements, specifically its ending. "Destructoid" Andriessen stated that the game left him with a "pessimistic opinion" about love and noted that "it's the narcissistic pursuit of their real passion, art, that wins out in the end." "Eurogamer" Donlan felt that the ending traded "one easy cliché for another", although concluding that the ending's disappointment may have been the point.
Sales.
"Florence" made its development costs back, but did not make enough money to fund Mountains' next project. Ken Wong, "Florence"s lead designer, described the game's sales as "okay" and stated that "Premium mobile is tough." At a panel discussion, Wong mentioned that half of the sales for "Florence" were from China, and noted that more people had played the game in Mandarin than in English. Wong reported at Game Developers Conference 2019 that 88% of sales were on iOS, with 41% of those iOS sales coming from China.
Accolades.
The game was a runner-up for "Best Moment or Sequence" with "Trying to Piece the Relationship Back Together" in Giant Bomb's Game of the Year Awards 2018. "Polygon" named the game among the decade's best.

</doc>
<doc id="56864771" url="?curid=56864771" title="Automedusae">
Automedusae


</doc>
<doc id="56864774" url="?curid=56864774" title="Blue Lights (song)">
Blue Lights (song)

"Blue Lights" is a song by English singer and songwriter Jorja Smith. It was released as her debut single on 26 February 2016. The song was written by Smith, Ben Joyce, Guy Bonnet, Roland Romanelli, Dizzee Rascal and Nicholas Detnon and produced by Joyce and Engine Earz. Two years later, it was included on the singer's debut studio album "Lost &amp; Found".
The song is built around a sample of "Amour, émoi... et vous" by Guy Bonnet and Roland Romanelli; the lyric contain a interpolations of Dizzie Rascal's "Sirens".
One month after Smith posted "Blue Lights" on her SoundCloud account, the song had more than 400 000 listens. That same week, it was added to the playlists of national British radios. In April 2018, Smith sang "Blue Lights" during her American late-night television debut on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!".
A remixed version featuring French rapper Dosseh was released in March 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56864778" url="?curid=56864778" title="Chen Lip Keong">
Chen Lip Keong

Tan Sri Dr. Chen Lip Keong (曾立强) born 22 July 1948, is an ethnic Chinese Malaysian businessman who is currently the 6th most richest person in the whole country of Malaysia.
Early years.
Chen was born in 1948 in Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia. Chen is of Chinese ethnicity. Chen grew up in Kinta Valley, Malaysia.
Education.
Chen graduated from University of Malaya.
Career.
Chen's career started as a medical doctor of general practice.
In 1994, Chen was the first to win the casino license from Cambodia. 
Chen is the CEO of NagaCorp, parent company of NagaWorld casino resort complex in Phnom Penh. Chen also built Naga2, a twin tower. They are connected by NagaCity Walk, an underground shopping mall.
Personal life.
Chen's wife is Puan Sri Lee Chou Sarn. They have three sons, Chen Yiy Hwuan, Chen Yepern and Chen Yiy Fon.

</doc>
<doc id="56864788" url="?curid=56864788" title="2014–15 TSV 1860 Munich season">
2014–15 TSV 1860 Munich season

The 2014–15 TSV 1860 Munich season happened between 4 August 2014 and 2 June 2015.
Season review.
August.
Matchday one happened on 4 August 2014 against 1. FC Kaiserslautern. Kaiserslautern won the match 3–2. Rubin Okotie scored two goals for 1860 Munich. Kaiserslautern got two goals from Srđan Lakić, including one from the penalty mark, and a goal from Philipp Hofmann. Tobias Sippel was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday one in 15th place. Matchday two happened on 10 August 2014 against RB Leipzig. Leipzig won the match 3–0 with goals from Yussuf Poulsen, Matthias Morys, and Denis Thomalla. 1860 Munich finished matchday two in 17th place. On 17 August 2014, 1860 Munich faced Holstein Kiel in the first round of the German Cup. 1860 Munich won the match 2–1. Rubin Okotie scored two goals for 1860 Munich, including one from the penalty mark. Tim Siedschlag scored for Holstein Kiel. Matchday three happened on 22 August 2014 against 1. FC Heidenheim. The match finished in a 2–2 draw. Rubin Okotie and Leonardo scored for 1860 Munich. Florian Niederlechner and 
Sebastian Griesbeck scored for Heidenheim. Smail Morabit was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday three in 17th place. Matchday four happened on 31 August 2014 against SV Darmstadt 98. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich and Dominik Stroh-Engel scored for Darmstadt. 1860 Munich finished matchday four in 16th place.
September.
Matchday five happened on 14 September 2014 against FC St. Pauli. 1860 Munich won the match 2–1. Leonardo and Yannick Stark scored for 1860 Munich. John Verhoek scored for St. Pauli. 1860 Munich finished matchday five in 11th place. Matchday six happened on 20 September 2014 against FC Ingolstadt 04. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich and Pascal Groß scored for Ingolstadt. 1860 Munich finished matchday six in 12th place. Matchday seven happened on 23 September 2014 against SV Sandhausen. Sandhausen won the match 1–0 with a goal from Andrew Wooten. Lukas Kübler was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday seven in 13th place. Matchday eight happened on 26 September 2014 against Greuther Fürth. 1860 Munich won 2–0 with goals from Rubin Okotie and Ilie Sánchez. 1860 Munich finished matchday eight in 12th place.
October.
Matchday nine happened on 3 October 2014 against VfR Aalen. Aalen won 2–0 with goals from Fabian Weiß and Arne Feick. 1860 Munich finished matchday nine in 15th place. Matchday 10 happened on 19 October 2014 against Erzgebirge Aue. Erzgebirge Aue won the match 4–1. Valdet Rama scored for 1860 Munich. René Klingbeil, Arvydas Novikovas, Romario Kortzorg, and Rico Benatelli scored for Erzgebirge Aue. 1860 Munich finished matchday 10 in 17th place. Matchday 11 happened on 26 October 2014 against Eintracht Braunschweig. Eintracht Braunschweig won the match 2–1. Christopher Schindler scored for 2860 Munich. Hendrick Zuck and Raffael Korte scored for Eintracht Braunschweig. 1860 Munich finished matchday 11 in 18th place (last). 1860 Munich faced SC Freiburg in the second round of the German Cup on 29 October 2014. Valdet Rama and Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich. Freiburg got three goals from Admir Mehmedi, a goal from Sebastian Freis, and a goal from Jonathan Schmid.
November.
Matchday 12 happened on 2 November 2014 against VfL Bochum. 1860 Munich won 3–0 with two goals from Rubin Okotie and a goal from Daniel Adlung. 1860 Munich finished matchday 12 in 14th place. Matchday 13 happened on 10 November 2014 against Fortuna Düsseldorf. Fortuna Düsseldorf won 1–0 with a goal from Bruno Soares. 1860 Munich finished matchday 13 in 15th place. Matchday 14 happened on 22 November 2014 against Union Berlin. 1860 Munich won the match 4–1. 1860 Munich won the match 4–1. 1860 Munich got two goals from Rubin Okotie and a goal from Daniel Adlung, and a goal from Valdet Rama. Sebastian Polter scored for Union Berlin. 1860 Munich finished matchday 14 in 12th place. Matchday 15 happened on 30 November 2014 against FSV Frankfurt. Frankfurt won the match 2–0 with goals from Zlatko Dedić and Mario Engels. 1860 Munich finished matchday 15 in 15th place.
December to February.
Matchday 16 happened on 8 December 2014 against 1. FC Nürnberg. Nürnberg won the match 2–1. 1860 Munich got their goal from an own goal by Jürgen Mössmer. Alessandro Schöpf and Jakub Sylvestr. Martin Angha was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday 16 in 16th place. Matchday 17 happened on 13 December 2014 against Karlsruher SC. Karlsruhe won the match 3–2. Maximilian Wittek and Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich. Karlsruhe got two goals from Rouwen Hennings and a goal from Hiroki Yamada. 1860 Munich finished matchday 17 in 16th place. Matchday 18 happened on 17 December 2014 against Kaiserslautern. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Yannick Stark scored for 1860 Munich and Markus Karl scored for Kaiserslautern. 1860 Munich finished matchday 18 in 16th place. Matchday 19 happened on 22 December 2014 against Leipzig. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich and Yussuf Poulsen scored for Leipzig. 1860 Munich finished matchday 19 in 15th place. Matchday 20 happened on 9 February 2015 against Heidenheim. Heidenheim won the match 2–1. Rubin Okotie scored for 1860 Munich. Tim Göhlert and Florian Niederlechner scored for Heidenheim. Ilie Sánchez was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday 20 in 16th place. Matchday 21 happened on 15 February 2015 against Darmstadt. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Jannik Bandowski scored for 1860 Munich and Leon Balogun scored for Darmstadt. 1860 Munich finished matchday 21 in 16th place. Matchday 22 happened on 21 February 2015 against St. Pauli. 1860 Munich won the match 2–1. 1860 Munich got an own goal from Sören Gonther and a goal from Marius Wolf. Christopher Nöthe scored for St. Pauli. 1860 Munich finished matchday 22 in 15th place.
March.
Matchday 23 happened on 2 March 2015 against Ingolstadt. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Jannik Bandowski scored for 1860 Munich and Danilo scored for Ingolstadt. 1860 Munich finished matchday 23 in 15th place. Matchday 24 happened on 8 March 2015 against Sandhausen. Sandhausen won the match 3–2. Gary Kagelmacher scored two goals for 1860 Munich. Andrew Wooten, Manuel Stiefler, and Nicky Adler scored for Sandhausen. 1860 Munich finished matchday 24 in 15th place. Matchday 25 happened on 13 March 2015 against Greuther Fürth. 1860 Munich won the match 3–0 with goals from Krisztian Simon, Korbinian Vollmann, and Daniel Adlung. 1860 Munich finished matchday 25 in 15th place. Matchday 26 happened on 20 March 2015 against Aalen. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Rodri scored for 1860 Munich and Collin Quaner scored for Aalen. 1860 Munich finished matchday 26 in 15th place.
April.
Matchday 27 happened on 5 April 2015 against Erzgebirge Aue. Erzgebirge Aue won the match 1–0 with a goal from Romario Kortzorg. 1860 Munich finished matchday 28 in 15th place. Matchday 28 happened on 11 April 2015 against Eintracht Braunschweig. Eintracht Braunschweig won the match 2–0 with goals from Hendrick Zuck and Jan Hochscheidt. 1860 Munich finished matchday 28 in 15 place. Matchday 29 happened on 18 April 2015 against Bochum. 1860 Munich won the match 2–1. Marius Wolf and Stephan Hain scored for 1860 Munich. Michael Gregoritsch scored for Bochum. 1860 Munich finished matchday 29 in 15th place. Matchday 30 happened on 25 April 2015 against Fortuna Düsseldorf. The match finished in a 1–1 draw. Daniel Adlung scored for 1860 Munich and Michael Liendl scored for Bochum. 1860 Munich finished matchday 30 in 15th place.
May and June.
Matchday 31 happened on 3 May 2015 against Union Berlin. Union Berlin won the match 3–0 with two goals from Sebastian Polter and a goal from Damir Kreilach. 1860 Munich finished matchday 31 in 17th place. Matchday 32 happened on 8 May 2015 against Frankfurt. 1860 Munich won the match 1–0 with a goal from Valdet Rama. 1860 Munich finished matchday 32 in 17th place. Matchday 33 happened on 17 May 2015 against Nürnberg. 1860 Munich won the match 2–1. Yannick Stark and Daniel Adlung scored for 1860 Munich. Guillermo Vallori scored for Nürnberg. Javier Pinola was sent-off during the match. 1860 Munich finished matchday 33 in 15th place. Matchday 34 happened on 24 May 2015 against Karlsruhe. Karlsruhe won the match 2–0 with an own goal from Kai Bülow and a goal from Manuel Torres. 1860 Munich finished the season in 16th place. 1860 Munich qualified for the relegation playoff. The first leg was played on 29 May 2015 and the second leg was played on 2 June 2015. The opponent was Holstein Kiel. The first leg finished in a 0–0 draw. 1860 Munich won the second leg 2–1. Daniel Adlung and Kai Bülow scored for 1860 Munich. Rafael Kazior scored for Holstein Kiel. With the win, 1860 Munich retained their status as a second division club.

</doc>
<doc id="56864789" url="?curid=56864789" title="Tan Sri Dr. Chen">
Tan Sri Dr. Chen


</doc>
<doc id="56864791" url="?curid=56864791" title="Tan Sri Chen">
Tan Sri Chen


</doc>
<doc id="56864794" url="?curid=56864794" title="Dr. Chen Lip Keong">
Dr. Chen Lip Keong


</doc>
<doc id="56864799" url="?curid=56864799" title="Leo Tanaka">
Leo Tanaka

Leo Tanaka is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Tim Kano. He made his first appearance in the main show during the episode broadcast on 22 September 2016. The character was introduced alongside his twin brother David Tanaka (Takaya Honda), and they arrive in Erinsborough to find their long-lost biological father. Both Kano and Honda auditioned for both Tanaka roles and were later awarded their respective parts. The show's producer Jason Herbison had planned their stories months in advance. The shows writing team meticulously researched the show's history to find a way to introduce the two characters into the show's long-standing Robinson family. Leo and David's search ended in the revelation that the show's villainous character, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) was their father.
Leo is characterised as a flirtatious and charming businessman who takes entrepreneurial risks. He is portrayed as both "ruthless and driven", which Kano believed was his character's personality flaw. He thought Leo was an interesting addition to the "Neighbours" cast because his attitude clashes with the show's moralistic female residents. Leo's stories have focused on business decisions and romance. He arrives in Erinsborough to start a new business. Despite a history in bar management he decides to open a new hostel for backpackers. Romance stories feature a near incestuous relationship with his half-sister Amy Williams (Zoe Cramond) and more prominent relationships with Mishti Sharma (Scarlet Vas) and Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou). 
Other storylines include Leo getting crushed under concrete, feuds with other characters, and Kano filming overseas in London. Leo and Amy's near romance attracted some media attention, with Alex McCarthy from "TV Week" branding it "awkward" and a "Metro" reporter viewing it as "gross". In 2019, Kano's management confirmed he would be leaving the serial and he filmed his final scenes in June. Leo's departure aired on 10 September 2019, but he made a guest appearance from 11 December 2019. In April 2021, it was confirmed Kano had reprised his role and his return scenes began airing from 15 June.
Casting.
On 22 August 2016, "Neighbours" announced its intention to introduce two new regular characters. It was revealed Leo and David Tanaka would be twin brothers played by Tim Kano and Takaya Honda respectively. Kano was delighted to be cast in the show because he believed Leo is "such a great character to play". Leo and David arrive in Erinsborough to solve "a family mystery". The character was billed as having a "superficial facade" whilst being a good-hearted man.
The casting directors prepared themselves for a long audition process. They were adamant they wanted to find actors who looked alike to accurately portray twins. Honda, who plays David recalled the process as being a strange experience which involved many call backs. Each actor originally auditioned for both roles because directors wanted to see who best suited which character. Kano has stated that his first ever audition had him switching character from Leo to David in seconds. Kano praised "Neighbours" for introducing two ethnic actors into their show. He believed it was "fantastic" that the Tanakas were regular characters with a "really strong plot line".
Development.
Characterisation.
Leo is characterised as a charming individual who is image conscious and boasts a "flashy exterior". He is a self-involved entrepreneur who is unafraid to take risks to fund his materialistic lifestyle. Leo can behave in an underhanded manner to achieve success. His official character biography states that "he is not averse to using dubious methods to improve his lifestyle and believes people have to spend money to make money." In comparison to his serious minded brother, Leo does not make long-term plans. His career aspirations are driven by his entrepreneurial persona. He managed nightclubs prior to arriving in Erinsborough but decides to start his own business. There are stark differences in the twin's personalities. Leo has been touted as a "shameful opportunist" and "ruthless" in comparison to David who harbours a social conscience. Kano and Honda quickly built a good rapport off-set which helped them create brotherly bond on-screen. Both have other siblings and were able to draw from those sibling rivalries to form the on-screen relationship. Kano told Kerry Harvey from Stuff.co.nz that "he's really cheeky, really playful but under all the layers he's definitely a good guy with a good heart. It's nice to know all that's there and I don't just have to play this ruthless, superficial, bad boy all the time."
Leo is cheeky and charming but quite selfish. Kano believed that his character was flawed because he is "ruthless and driven" and lacks consideration for other character's feelings when achieving his goals. Many female characters in "Neighbours" are family orientated and Leo's attitude does not fit their strong morals and values. Kano believed this created a "great dynamic and tension" for his character. Leo is surprised by other people's perceptions of him and it proves "a good reflective process". Kano added "for Leo, to come to this down to earth town in Erinsborough where people call you out on your lies, it’s a great learning curve to learn there is more to life than what he was previously used to."
Introduction.
The Tanaka's storyline was planned six months in advance by the show's executive producer Jason Herbison. He was "delighted" with the work Kano and Honda had done, describing watching them as a "very thrilling" experience. Ahead of his first appearance in the main show, the character was featured in a series of webisodes titled "Road Trip". The mini-series focuses on the twins' road trip on the way to Erinsborough, where they were joined by Leo's love interest Milly (Eliza Charley). The webisodes were designed to give viewers a chance to watch the "brotherly dynamic" the Tanaka brothers share. In addition they could witness the contrasting personalities they have. Leo made his first screen appearance in the main show during the episode broadcast on 22 September 2016. They arrive to look after their great-grandmother Kazuko Sano (Linda Chin), who has been admitted to the local hospital. Kano revealed that the twins had another motive for being in the area as they were searching for lost relative. When David and Leo spend more time in Erinsborough they befriend Amy Williams (Zoe Cramond), Elly Conway (Jodi Anasta) and Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson), setting the characters up to become intertwined in one another's storylines.
Leo's main story following his arrival focuses on his and David's search for their biological father. Kano stated that they wanted to solve the mystery of their "interesting and messed-up past". The show's writers played a series of plot twists throughout this story. Initially, David's findings lead him to a Bradley Satchwell (Alfred Nicdao), a local homeless man. He was at the hospital when their mother gave birth and was banned from visiting her. The character is reluctant to reveal details and runs away. But various scenes were included in episodes to suggest Bradley is their father. Months later Leo finds Bradley and bribes him with money to spend time with David. Bradley goes for a medical check up and is again reluctant to talk about his past. Writers introduced a "new twist" into their mystery story by ruling out Bradley as the twins father. David runs a blood test which reveals Bradley cannot be related to them.
Writers developed the paternity mystery further with the introduction of hotel investor Jasmine Udagawa (Kaori Maeda-Judge). She quickly develops a vendetta against Leo and keeps a secret file titled "Tanaka". Amy overhears Jasmine telling Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) that Leo could potentially inherit Lassiters and she informs him about the news. This leads Leo to believe he is related to the Udagawa family, who are also Japanese. Jasmine offers the Tanakas ten thousand dollars to leave Erinsborough. He refuses and it leads Leo to suspect that Jasmine's uncle Hiro Udagawa is their father. Amy is featured more frequently in the story and joins Leo in his search to track down Hiro to his last known address. But their search is shortened when they discover Hiro died the previous year.
The show wanted to mislead viewers by publicising a red herring suggesting that historic character Scott Robinson was Leo's father. Jenny Young reprised her role as Kim Taylor after producers rehired her following thirty-two years off-screen. She is revealed to be David and Leo's mother. The link was made because Kim and Scott had previously been romantically involved. On-screen Kim denies that Scott is the twins father this but is shocked to learn Leo has taken Amy away for a romantic weekend. She rushes to prevent the pair from sleeping together. This makes David think his theory is correct because Kim would not want Amy, who is Scott's relative, to sleep with Leo. This episode brought about the culmination of the mystery storyline as the Tanaka's biological father was revealed. In one final "twist" in the storyline, Scott's brother Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) was revealed to be their father. The actors knew about the outcome of the story when it began but were forced to be secretive. Kano told Sarah Ellis from "Inside Soap" that Kim was not certain Paul was their father but knew he could be. He added that could not wait for the audiences reaction to the shock revelation.
The Robinson family.
Integrating Leo and David into the Robinson family had to be planned out meticulously. The script department did not want the story to appear randomly put together. They had to delve into the show's history and create a link to early characters while staying true to the story. Kano and Honda also had to research the Robinson's family history. Honda told Sophie Dainty from Digital Spy that the Tanaka "family hierarchy is so strange" and Paul's is "insane" because of numerous siblings and children. He said it held such a "great history" and felt honoured that the Tanakas would become part of one of the shows long-standing families.
Prior to the reveal that Paul Robinson is Leo's father, he had been dating Paul's daughter Amy Williams. This meant that Amy was Leo and David's half-sister. The revelation leaves the pair devastated that they nearly consummated their relationship. Kano told Sarah Ellis of "Inside Soap" that his character had "finally let down his guard" around Amy. He thought he had found "an amazing soulmate" and it was a "huge step" for someone like Leo to be ready to commit to someone. He concluded that the drama leaves Leo stunned. Leo and Amy decide they cannot be together and try to avoid one another. But Amy becomes jealous when Leo dates someone else and is a suspect in the investigation into the backpackers car crash. Her jealousy causes other characters to assume she is guilty. Cramond told a reporter from Tenplay that Leo and Amy's story post-discovery would be a hard journey. She believed they would never really get over what had happened between them. She noted that in time Leo and Amy learn to get along, but "many ups and downs" mar their sibling relationship. One such instance is when Leo takes too much of an interest in Amy's romance with Nick Petrides (Damien Fotiou). He and Paul try to keep the pair apart. Other characters accuse Leo of behaving like a jealous boyfriend rather than a brother.
Leo's relationship with Paul was originally hostile. Paul had tried to damage Leo's backpacker business which caused the initial rift. David embraces his newfound father and despite Paul's best efforts, Leo snubs him on multiple occasions. He makes it clear that he resents Paul for missing thirty years of his life. Honda told Deepika Rajani from "OK!" that Leo and Paul would struggle to form a bond. He explained that "he's so independent and headstrong and that will lead to some interesting storylines for them." He added that Paul gaining Leo's trust would be an interesting "long road" for the characters. Viewers had often drawn comparisons between Leo and Paul because they have similar personalities. Kano was happy that viewers had likened the two. He told a reporter from "TV Soap" that "I think he's definitely one to match Paul and it's nice to have someone come in and test Paul as well who's a bit younger and I think they can learn a lot from each other too. It's going to be an interesting dynamic to see how that pans out between the two of them to see whether they'll ever come to an agreement or team up."
Writers later started to build their father and son relationship up. In one story, Leo becomes concerned about Paul's romantic life when he announces his engagement to Courtney Grixti (Emma Lane). Leo views their relationship as unconventional and is suspicious about Courtney's true intentions. Leo decides to befriend Courtney but is wary when she appears to flirt with him. This behaviour is enough for Leo to believe he must put an end to the engagement for Paul's sake. A writer from "TV Soap" noted that this plot marked the point Leo and Paul's bond became amicable.
Relationship with Mishti Sharma.
Writers decided to pair Leo with Mishti Sharma (Scarlet Vas) and their relationship takes a while to form. Initially, the pair befriend each other but Mishti's reluctance to discuss her past causes problems. Vas told Alison James from "Soaplife" that "Mishti starts dropping her guard and she begins to confide in him." Writers also began including Leo's more caring side of his persona when he featured in scenes with Mishti. The pair would contemplate a relationship on numerous occasions, but change their minds and remain friends.
Producers finally decided to unite the pair in September 2017. When Amy wants Leo to sell his share of the Robinsons hotel she concocts a plan to get him and Mishti together. She assumes that Mishti will be able to convince Leo to sell. Mishti is unaware of Amy's scheme and Leo is furious when he finds out. But Mishti later convinces him of her innocence and they decide to begin a relationship. Problems soon followed focusing on the issue of trust. Mishti becomes secretive over her rogue investigation into the death of Hamish Roche (Sean Taylor). She lies about her whereabouts and Leo discovers the truth. This caused Leo to believe he can no longer trust Mishti and they nearly break-up. Other obstacles included Elly drunkenly kissing Leo leading Mishti to believe they were seeing each other.
Leo spends more time with Mishti's family and argues with her sister Dipi Rebecchi (Sharon Johal). She believes that Leo has ill-advised her husband Shane Rebecchi (Nicholas Coghlan) in order to benefit from his urine powered generator. This is not true and Mishti is left with the task of solving the rift. They continue to bicker and fall into a swimming pool. Johal revealed that she and Kano get along well off-screen so they really enjoyed filming the brief feud and pool scenes.
In March 2018, "Neighbours" confirmed a new pregnancy story featuring Mishti and Leo. Leo is hurt at the Robinson Heights development site. A slab of broken concrete falls on top of him and leaves him trapped. Mishti is called out to the incident and is shocked to find Leo. Vas told Ellis ("Inside Soap") that Mishti is worried and can only reassure her boyfriend. But he is taken to hospital and recovers. The events lead Mishti to reveal her pregnancy. Vas explained that Mishti and Leo's relationship is still new, so she is unsure of how he will react. They had not thought about having children so are unsure about keeping it. But their families discover their news and are excited. The actress added "she and Leo aren't even sure they want to have the baby yet - but they're forced to go along with the family's celebrations." Their next problem is telling Paul because Mishti is nervous about his approval. To her surprise he is supportive. Vas told Sally Brockway from "Soaplife" that Mishti thinks everything will be okay once Paul accepts the news. But she warned of many "twists and turns" for her relationship with Leo. It was later announced that "Neighbours" had planned a miscarriage story for the pair.
Writers planned a break-up story for Leo and Mishti which begins when Leo invites her friend Monique Hughes (Madeleine Vizard) to stay. She worked with Mishti and Zander at the police academy and expresses an interest into Leo's business. She discovers that Lassiter's have sold alcohol to Xanthe Canning (Lilly Van der Meer) who is under the legal age to drink. Monique blackmails Leo and requests money in order for her not to report his family business. Kano told Stephen Downe ("TV Week") that "It's pretty shocking, he doesn't know how to take her." Leo realises that Monique has the upper-hand and he is left ponder whether or not to meet her demands. Kano told Digital Spy's Daniel Kilkelly that he was upset that Leo and Mishti had broken up because they had just begun to find trust in their relationship. He added that Mishti showed the audience a different side to his character and hoped they would reconcile in the future.
Chloe Brennan.
Leo with embarks on a casual relationship with his personal assistant Chloe Brennan (April Rose Pengilly). The story begins when his boss Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) wants to fire Chloe. He tries to tell her but she comes up with a new business idea which has potential. When Mishti breaks-up with Leo he wants fun and thinks Chloe will be a good distraction. A "Neighbours" publicist told Claire Crick from "Soaplife" that Leo realises that Chloe is not just the "bolshy" character she presents herself as and tries to seduce her. They added that Chloe initially refuses because she wants to behave professionally. Following a kiss, Chloe decides to seduce Leo and they have sex at work. David and Chloe are caught being intimate by her mother Fay Brennan (Zoe Bertram), who is not impressed by her conduct at work.
Kano believed his character's casual arrangement with Chloe provided a "great distraction and rebound". He described it as a "really nice, light and fun storyline" following a turbulent time in Leo's life. Chloe is the type of woman Leo used to date during his time working the Sydney club scene. But Kano believed that Leo just wants fun, despite a potential relationship and added that it was another reminder of how alike Paul he is. Their affair does have consequences for them professionally because Lassiters policy tries to dissuade colleagues from pursuing each other romantically. Kano added "that's what makes it so exciting. The possibility of getting caught creates a thrill."
Relationship with Terese Willis.
Writers developed Leo's next romance with his boss Terese Willis. She is also Leo's father's ex-girlfriend and Paul still loves her. Elmaloglou was shocked when producers told her about the relationship because she could not imagine them together. But she said that the story received positive feedback from the viewers. Kano told Sarah Ellis from "Inside Soap" that Leo is "majorly guilty" for developing feelings for Terese and betraying Paul. Initially Terese does not reciprocate his feelings but Paul places Leo under Terese's mentorship and they spend more time together. Kano explained that Terese is "smart, strong and beautiful" and "business minded" which are the qualities Leo likes in women. Leo spends time with Terese in the city and she realises she likes him. Kano add "there's a really nice, intimate moment" and they get to know each other better. This gives Leo hope and he is allured to her caring nature. Kano was excited about the story because he believed it is controversial. He thought it made sense that the writers had both father and son falling in love with the same woman. Kano added that Leo would get with Terese regardless of Paul and then "just pray his dad would forgive him."
The pair conduct their relationship in secret to avoid hurting Paul. Kano said that "Neighbours" required himself and Elmaloglou to film "the raunchiest scenes we’ve done on the show yet". Elmaloglou told Ellis that Leo and Terese genuinely love each other. Terese is initially flattered because a younger man likes her but she realises he is a good person. Writers continued to include Paul in the story, which causes problems for them. The actress stated that Terese would always be in love with Paul and Kano felt that left Leo always feeling insecure. The actor explained that there was an inevitable showdown between Leo and Paul, while Elmaloglou warned that "all hell will break loose" when Paul discovers the truth.
Leo's criminal past with the Renshaw family is explored in late 2018. Producers introduced Delaney Renshaw (Ella Newton) and she blackmails him. Kano explained that Delaney had been in love with Leo since he worked for her family. She knows he is the police informant that helped land her father in prison and blackmails him "hoping that he'll fall in love with her." Leo had been estranged from Paul since he discovered his deceit with Terese. Kano stated that Delaney's presence helps bring him close to his father again. Delaney makes threats about Terese which makes Leo realise he needs to protect her. The actor added that "if Terese knew what was going on, it would put her in danger, Leo has to try to find a way to keep his partner safe." Leo dumps Terese and creates fakes a relationship with Delaney to keep her happy. This leaves Terese hurt and questioning whether she should be with Paul.
Delaney's uncle Ivan Renshaw (Michael Shanahan) locates Leo and pulls a gun on him. Terese lunges in front of Leo to protect him and takes the bullet. She is rushed to hospital and holds other characters hostage in Harold's cafe by Raymond Renshaw (Frank Magree). Terese survives and reunites with Leo, but she cannot stop thinking about Paul. Terese decides to continue with Leo until he proposes marriage in public and embarrasses her. Kano explained that Terese's shooting and a family friend's cancer diagnosis makes him feel that life is short and prompts him to propose. Terese then decides to end their relationship and confesses her love for Paul. Leo walks in on them kissing and feels betrayed. The actor branded it the "ultimate humiliation" and believed that being betrayed by your girlfriend and father is the worst form. He added that it was a sad end to the relationship and that Leo never imagined Terese reuniting with Paul.
Departure and returns.
In 2019, Kano's management confirmed that he would be departing "Neighbours" that year to pursue new roles in Hollywood. On 10 July, Kano told a reporter for the "Herald Sun", "I'm really excited for a change. It's been two weeks since I finished and I've had a few meetings with people from LA. "Neighbours" is such a good launching pad and you have to be really adaptable. I'm looking forward to new roles." The reporter added that following his exit, Kano would return to the serial for a stint later in the year. Kano's exit scenes aired on 10 September 2019. Leo leaves Erinsborough without telling anyone, after his part in the reappearances of Paul's former wives is revealed. Leo teamed up with his half-sister Elle Robinson (Pippa Black) to test Paul and Terese's relationship ahead of their wedding. Kano later said that Paul and Terese being together was the reason Leo left Erinsborough, as he was still in love with Terese. The character returns for a short guest stint on 11 December 2019, after learning that his brother, David, has been seriously injured and needs a kidney transplant. However, Leo is soon informed that he is not a match. He also attempts to put Amy off from contacting her son, Jimmy Williams (Darcy Tadich), due to pressure from his father. 
In April 2021, it was confirmed that Kano had reprised the role after he was photographed with other cast members entering the "Neighbours" studios. A publicist from the show told Digital Spy's Kilkelly that Kano returned to filming in March 2021 for a "recurring guest role". The character's return scenes began airing from 15 June 2021. The following month, Kano confirmed that Leo would be added back to the opening titles. When asked if he would like to stay on permanently, he said "Oh yeah, I'd absolutely love to. It's been so nice being back and working with everyone. I really love the storylines that we're doing. As an actor, you get to explore all these layers and levels of emotions. It's a really fun story to be part of and to see the wild things the writers and producers are coming up with. I'd love to stay – it doesn't feel like work at all." Of Leo's return to Erinsborough, Kano explained that he has been successful in New York, but some relationship issues has led to him wanting to come home and "reset". He also wants to look after his David, who is expecting a baby with surrogate mother Nicolette Stone (Charlotte Chimes). Leo has heard stories about her from Paul and he wants to see for himself what she is like.
Storylines.
Leo blocks Amy's truck in and tells her he will not be long when she complains. While he is sat in The Waterhole, Leo watches on as Aaron plays Terese and Paul against each other. Leo is surprised when David is caught looking at hospital records in a bid to find their father. Terese hires Leo to act as a consultant for Lassiter's, in the hope that he will improve takings at The Waterhole. Leo also secures an apartment for himself and David. Aaron invites Leo to the Back Lane Bar, along with David, Amy and Elly, who Leo knows from his job in venue management. Aaron leaves early after realising Leo is straight. Leo flirts with Amy. When she goes on a date with David, Leo tells her she is with the wrong brother. Paul attempts to blackmail Leo, after learning he managed a nightclub that was involved in money laundering, but Leo tells him it is public knowledge. Paul then offers to pay Leo to ruin Terese's business. Terese catches Leo out and he saves his job by agreeing to spy for Terese. After Jasmine tries to bribe Leo into leaving he becomes convinced he is related to the Udagawas and possible heir to the Lassiter's hotel inheritance. This later turns out to be untrue as Kim denies it.
Leo wins the bid for the Men's Shed tender, which he plans to turn into a backpackers' hostel, with Tim Collins (Ben Anderson) as a partner. Leo finds it difficult to work with him. Tim tries to make Leo carry out illegal activities in exchange of selling his share. Amy offers to invest in the backpackers and the two grow closer. Leo takes Amy away for the weekend where they open up about their feelings for each other. As they are about to have sex, Paul arrives and announces that he is the Tanaka twins' father. Leo and Amy admit that they are in love, but try to avoid each other in the wake of the revelation. Leo buys Amy out of her shares in the hostel. He also attempts to move on by dating Mishti. Paul tries to make amends with Leo, but he tells Paul to keep his distance. After Amy's ute is driven into the Backpackers, Leo helps to rescue an injured David. Leo begins to worry that he is bankrupt because he never got the backpackers insured. He knows he cannot afford the repairs so Paul buys Leo's backpacker hostel. Leo makes it clear to Paul that his gesture has not changed anything between them. When Sonya Rebecchi (Eve Morey) admits that she was responsible for the crash, he orders her to sell her nursery to obtain compensation for the damage. Her friend Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) pays Leo $10,000 for him to leave Sonya alone.
Leo is alarmed when his old friend Mannix Foster (Sam Webb) arrives. He puts him up at the Robinsons motel and owner Steph Scully (Carla Bonner) notices Mannix behaving strangely. She demands that Leo tell her the truth and Mannix leave the premises. He refuses and tells her that he will sort the problem out. When Mannix is stabbed following an altercation, he tells Leo not to involve the police. Mannix blackmails him using his past secrets involving a family he used to work for. Leo begs David to help treat Mannix outside hospital grounds and therefore risking his career. David is upset that Leo would make him compromise his career and refuses to speak to him for a while. Paul discovers the situation and threatens Mannix into leaving Erinsborough for good. Paul's actions lead to him and Leo bonding and Leo agrees to go into business as a shareholder of Robinsons. When Steph and Amy want to transform the motel into a wellness center for cancer patients, Leo and Paul refuse. They snub Steph's suggestions of a buy out and this forces Amy to concoct a plan. Mishti convinces Leo to reconsider his stance, but is angry when he discovers that Amy has planned it. Leo changes his mind when he realises Mishti was oblivious to Amy's scam and Steph gains control of Robinsons.
Leo becomes concerned that Courtney is taking advantage of Paul when she flirts with him. He tries to seduce Courtney to prove she is untrustworthy. Mishti witnesses a kiss between the pair and breaks up with Leo for scheming. Paul is angry when he discovers the truth, but admits that his relationship with Courtney is sham and an attempt to snare his former lover Terese. Mishti forgives Leo but he becomes angry when he discovers that Mishti has been keeping secrets. The pair have a conversation and agree to be honest with each other in future. Leo offers Shane business advice for his urine-powered generator which proves unhelpful when his client drops out of their deal. Feeling he is to blame, he offers Shane a compromise, that he will install a generator at the backpackers but is not willing to pay for it. Dipi is furious and sees this as an attempt at scamming Shane for a free generator. The pair argue over the incident but she later realises he was being genuine. While at the construction site of the Robinson Heights housing development, Leo is crushed by a concrete slab. He is found by Mark and taken to hospital where he soon recovers. Mishti then tells him she is pregnant. She contemplates an abortion but loses the baby anyway. Leo decides to invite Mishti's friend Monique to stay. She blackmails Leo, requesting ten thousand dollars in exchange for her silence regarding under age drinking occurring at Lassiters. He refuses and hires a private investigator to look into Moniques past. He discovers that Monique and Zander are both corrupt officers who were linked to gang crime. When Mishti discovers the truth she ends their relationship.
Leo is promoted to the temporary manager of Lassiters while Terese is forced to take an extended holiday. Chloe is hired to work as his assistant but an attraction develops between them. Terese asks Leo to fire Chloe but he asks her to reconsider when he notices how business minded she is. He begins a sexual relationship with Chloe which is later discovered by Paul and Terese. Leo is demoted for his actions but he and Chloe agree to end their affair. Terese begins to mentor Leo and forces him to do basic staff duties. Terese reveals that she wants him to know every aspect of the business. When Mishti is the victim of harassment from Dilhan Ozdil (Kyle Hazebroek), he tries to force him to break his bail conditions by trying to fight him. The plan backfires and he accidentally punches Ned Willis (Ben Hall). Mishti forgives Leo for his interference in the case.
Leo unsuccessfully tries to matchmake Paul and Terese, but develops a crush on Terese himself. When Terese discovers Leo's feelings, she ends their mentorship, but the attraction between them grows and they have sex on the day of David and Aaron's wedding. They begin a secret fling, which is eventually discovered by a furious Paul; he reacts by evicting Leo from the penthouse, firing him from Lassiter's and sabotaging the Backpackers. Leo moves in with Terese and their relationship strengthens, despite continual opposition from Paul. With Amy's help, Leo schemes to bring Jane Harris (Annie Jones) back to Australia, hoping that a new relationship will distract Paul from his tirade against his family. Their plan is successful, and Jane convinces Paul to forgive Leo. Soon after, Delaney comes to Erinsborough, hoping to reconcile an old attraction with Leo from Sydney. Delaney is aware that Leo was the police informant on her criminal family, so blackmails him into ending his relationship with Terese and starting a new one with her.
Delaney's uncle Ivan Renshaw (Michael Shanahan) shoots at Leo, but Terese jumps in front of him and is hit by the bullet. Piper blames Leo for getting Terese shot and refuses to let him see her at the hospital. When Delaney's father Raymond Renshaw (Frank Magree) holds a group of hostages at Harold's, Leo goes in to reason with him and Raymond is arrested. Leo then discovers that Mannix is alive and has been helping Delaney. Delaney apologises to Leo for what her family have done before she leaves town. Leo and Terese get back together and Leo proposes to Terese, but she turns him down and then breaks up with him. Leo later walks in on her kissing Paul. He throws a large Valentine's Day's display across the complex, which hits Vera Punt (Sally-Anne Upton). She decides to sue Lassiter's. Leo also gets drunk and makes a scene in the street when he begs Terese to take him back. He finds comfort in his friendship with Piper, but when he tries to kiss her, she pushes him away.
Leo struggles to get over Terese and forgive Paul, but he continues to hang out with Piper. During a movie night, they end up kissing and having sex. They agree to have a casual relationship, but it is soon discovered by Piper's sister, Imogen Willis (Ariel Kaplan), who demands Piper tell Terese. When Leo is making an apology to Vera, he argues with Paul and Terese, and then tells them he has moved on and is with Piper. Terese accuses Leo of seducing Piper out of revenge. Leo apologises to Piper and they continue their arrangement. Leo accompanies Elly to a hospital appointment, where she learns she is not pregnant. He advises her to keep it from Mark and try and get pregnant in the meantime. Piper breaks up with Leo ahead of her departure from Erinsborough. Leo learns from Terese that Piper has reunited with Tyler after her departure and Leo starts drinking again. Leo later moves in with David and Aaron. Leo befriends Roxy Willis (Zima Anderson) and they buy the Back Lane Bar together, although he later learns that Vance Abernethy (Conrad Coleby) is his business partner, as Vance gave Roxy the money. Vance later takes off with his share of the proceeds and his cousin scams Leo out of the rest of his money, forcing him to sell the bar. Paul and Terese get engaged, leading Leo to team up with his half-sister, Elle Robinson (Pippa Black) and four of Paul's former wives to test Paul and Terese's relationship. David is disappointed when he learns of Leo's involvement. Leo decides to leave Erinsborough for New York City without saying goodbye, leaving David a note explaining he needs to start afresh elsewhere. He returns a couple of months later, after learning that David needs a kidney transplant. Leo is tested, but he is not a compatible match. Leo comforts Paul when he breaks down in fear for David's life. David pulls through after their criminal half-brother Robert Robinson (Adam Hunter) donates his kidney. Leo later returns to New York with Amy and Jimmy.
Leo returns the following year to meet Aaron and David's surrogate Nicolette Stone. Paul asks Leo to be his business manager once again, as he has been having financial difficulties, but Leo turns the offer down and announces that he is buying Pierce Greyson's (Don Hany) winery. Pierce later shares his concerns about Nicolette, her relationship with Chloe, and the baby with Leo, who decides to keep an eye on her in order to protect David and Chloe. He offers Chloe a job at the vineyard helping with a revamp, which she accepts. He also gives Pierce's son Hendrix Greyson (Benny Turland) a job in the kitchen. While they work together, Leo gets Chloe to open up about her relationship with Nicolette and she admits there have been some issues between them. Hendrix notices Leo's interest in Chloe and warns him against meddling in her relationship with Nicolette. Leo fabricates a reason to fire Hendrix, who warns David that Leo poses a threat to Chloe and Nicolette's relationship. David warns his brother not to break up Chloe and Nicolette, worried about the potential repercussions for their surrogacy arrangement. Chloe increasingly confides in Leo about her relationship doubts and Paul deduces that Leo has fallen for her. Chloe and Nicolette become engaged but Chloe regrets accepting her proposal, prompting her to get drunk with Leo and stay with him at the vineyard overnight. The next morning, Chloe is left believing that she has had sex with Leo and confesses to Nicolette. She is devastated and blames David and Aaron when she discovers that they knew about Chloe's doubts and growing connection to Leo. Although Leo clears up that he did not have sex with Chloe, Nicolette flees Erinsborough just weeks before her due date, leaving David frantic about his unborn child. He blames Leo and Chloe and punches his brother when they argue about David and Aaron's decision to make Nicolette their surrogate. Chloe is furious when she realises that Leo has been manipulating her against Chloe and tells him there is no romantic future between them. After weeks of estrangement, Paul and Terese help David and Leo make peace with one another. Paul tracks down Nicolette and brings home baby Isla Tanaka-Brennan (Mary Finn) to a relieved David and Aaron. Leo leaves for Sydney after meeting his niece for the first time.
Nicolette returns to Erinsborough with another baby, Isla Tanaka-Brennan (Adele Austin), who she reveals to be David and Aaron's real child. Leo flies back to Erinsborough to comfort David. Nicolette reveals to him that the baby David and Aaron originally received is actually named Abigail Tanaka and is Leo's daughter. Leo and his ex-girlfriend, Britney Barnes (Montana Cox), conceived Abigail whilst in New York and Britney gave Abigail up after having post-natal depression. Leo meets up with Britney in the hospital and gets to know his daughter. He and Britney decide to start over as friends for Abigail, but begin arguing over small things. Britney tells Leo that she is struggling to bond with Abigail in Erinsborough and wishes to move back to New York. Leo suggests moving to New South Wales, where his family is. Britney agrees, and Leo and Abigail say goodbye to David, Aaron, Paul and Harlow, before he, Britney and Abigail move to Wollongong.
Reception.
Alex McCarthy from "TV Week" branded the relationship and sibling revelation between Leo and Amy an "awkward" storyline. Katie Baillie "Metro" believed a hook-up between the pair would be "really gross", adding they had been "dancing around the fact they are in love with each other". She later added that she "couldn't watch" as the pair shared a romantic meal. She concluded that the reveal was "one heck of a truth bomb." Neela Debnath from the "Daily Express" branded the story a "controversial incest plot" and "explosive twist". Claire Crick from "Soaplife" said "Leo Tanaka and Mishti Sharma are certainly something of a power couple. Not only are they both massively successful in their beloved jobs, but they also make a beautiful pairing to boot." Melanie Blake of "The People" said "Paul's cute son Leo clearly has an eye for his future step-mum." The "Liverpool Echo" included Leo working for Paul in their "pick of the day" feature. Their writer added that Leo was playing with fire. Digital Spy's Comor McMullan criticised Leo's revenge plot against Paul and Terese. He bemoaned the repetitiveness of Leo and Paul constantly seeking revenge against one another. He added that while Kano played Leo's anger "excellently [...] these Robinson men need to find healthier ways to deal with their feelings."

</doc>
<doc id="56864807" url="?curid=56864807" title="2018 in Ivory Coast">
2018 in Ivory Coast

Events in the year 2018 in Ivory Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="56864811" url="?curid=56864811" title="William Taylor (historian)">
William Taylor (historian)

William "Bill" R. Taylor (1922 – June 17, 2014) was a historian, professor, and author in the United States. He is known for his interdisciplinary social history approach and for his book Cavalier &amp; Yankee. He was pivotal in developing Stony Brook University's history department in the 1960s after he joined the program from Wisconsin.
His 1961 book "Cavalier &amp; Yankee" explored the dialectic between northerners and southerners in the United States during the American Civil War era. He also edited "Inventing Times Square" (1992).
Early years.
Taylor grew up in Kansas City, Missouri, and graduated in 1939 from Shattuck School in Faribault, Minnesota, before studying at Harvard University. With World War II raging, he graduated early in February 1943 to join the Army Air Force.
At war's end he returned to his wife and son in Northampton, Massachusetts. In 1946 he accepted a position as teaching assistant at Amherst College where he helped teaching English to core curriculum freshman and sophomores under Professor Theodore Baird. After leaving in 1949 to complete his masters degree at Harvard University, he returned again to Amherst College before finally returning to Harvard in 1952 to completed his PhD under Rubin Brower in 1957. His dissertation became the basis and one of the chapters in his first book: "Cavalier and Yankee: The Old South and American National Character".

</doc>
<doc id="56864818" url="?curid=56864818" title="Amelia Flanagan">
Amelia Flanagan

Amelia Flanagan (born 6 June 2008) is an English actress, who has appeared as April Windsor in the ITV soap opera, "Emmerdale" since 2014.
Early and personal life.
Flanagan was born in Leeds, West Yorkshire, to parents Rachel and Chris Flanagan. Her younger twin siblings, Isabella and William, have been playing the roles of cousins Hope Stape and Joseph Brown in "Coronation Street" since 2017. 

</doc>
<doc id="56864824" url="?curid=56864824" title="SUN Mobile">
SUN Mobile


</doc>
<doc id="56864830" url="?curid=56864830" title="Allach station">
Allach station

Allach station is a railway station in the Allach-Untermenzing borough of Munich, Germany.
It is on the Munich - Ingolstadt route, and the first train was seen here in 1867. It is connected to the locomotive factory in the East, formerly Kraus-Maffei, now Siemens Mobility production.
The station is served by the Munich S-Bahn's S2 line. The line connects Allach to Munich Eastern Station (München Ost), ending in Altomünster or Petershausen in the Northwest, or Erding in North-East.

</doc>
<doc id="56864831" url="?curid=56864831" title="The Franklin Library">
The Franklin Library


</doc>
<doc id="56864835" url="?curid=56864835" title="New Haven EP-2">
New Haven EP-2

The New Haven EP-2 was a class of boxcab electric locomotives built by Baldwin-Westinghouse for the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. The locomotives worked passenger trains on the New Haven's electrified division west of New Haven, Connecticut. Baldwin-Westinghouse delivered 27 locomotives between 1919–1927. The locomotives were an enlarged version of the EP-1 and EF-1 designs. They remained in service until the arrival of the dual-mode EMD FL9 locomotives in 1958.
Design.
The New Haven's electrified district extended west from New Haven, Connecticut to The Bronx, the northernmost borough of New York City. It electrified its lines using 11 kV overhead AC. From Woodlawn to Grand Central Terminal trains ran over the New York Central Railroad's 660 V third rail DC. At Port Morris trains continued over the New York Connecting Railroad to Harold Interlocking in Queens, just short of Pennsylvania Station. This route was jointly electrified by the New Haven and the Pennsylvania Railroad at 11 kV overhead AC.
To support the multiple electric systems and collection methods between New Haven and New York the EP-2 carried both pantographs and a contact shoe for third rail operation. Six twin Westinghouse 409-C2 AC traction motors drove the locomotive on six axles using a quill drive. Two more unpowered axles were located on each truck, for an unusual 1-C-1+1-C-1 wheel arrangement. Power output was rated at ; the maximum speed was . The boxcab body was long and weighed .
History.
The New Haven needed additional locomotives to handle services into New York City's Pennsylvania Station following the opening of the Hell Gate Bridge Route. After several unsuccessful experimental General Electric locomotives, the New Haven returned to Baldwin-Westinghouse for an improved version of the pioneering EP-1. The first five EP-2 locomotives entered service in 1919. The New Haven ordered twenty-two more between 1923–1927, for a total fleet of twenty-seven locomotives.
The New Haven supplemented the EP-1s and EP-2s with ten EP-3 boxcabs in 1931. The Pennsylvania Railroad replaced the original 600 V third rail DC with 11 kV overhead AC in 1933, allowing New Haven's electric locomotives to operate into Pennsylvania Station and eliminating the engine change in Queens. Retirement of the EP-1s began in 1936. Six EP-4 locomotives joined the roster in 1938.
Even as the New Haven added ten EP-5 locomotives in 1955, change was coming. The company was phasing out electrified freight operations and considered truncating electrification from New Haven to Stamford, Connecticut, a distance of . To that end the company ordered thirty dual-mode EMD FL9 locomotives. These locomotives, capable of either diesel-electric operation or electric operation from third-rail, eliminated the need for an engine change at New Haven. Their arrival in 1958 enabled the retirement of the EP-2 fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="56864846" url="?curid=56864846" title="Nigel smith (literature scholar)">
Nigel smith (literature scholar)


</doc>
<doc id="56864863" url="?curid=56864863" title="New Haven EP2">
New Haven EP2


</doc>
<doc id="56864867" url="?curid=56864867" title="Pydikondala Manikyalarao">
Pydikondala Manikyalarao


</doc>
<doc id="56864870" url="?curid=56864870" title="Sunday 3G (HK) Limited">
Sunday 3G (HK) Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864890" url="?curid=56864890" title="Reubens Brothers">
Reubens Brothers


</doc>
<doc id="56864898" url="?curid=56864898" title="Kannan Karunai">
Kannan Karunai

Kannan Karunai () is a 1971 Indian Tamil-language Hindu mythological film directed by N. T. Rama Rao. He also stars, alongside K. R. Vijaya. The film was released on 16 June 1971.
Production.
"Kannan Karunai" was directed by N. T. Rama Rao. The dialogues were written by A. K. Velan. The film was also produced in Telugu as "Rajasooyam".
Music.
The soundtrack was composed by S. V. Venkatraman.
Release.
"Kannan Karunai" was released on 16 June 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="56864900" url="?curid=56864900" title="New World Telephone Limited">
New World Telephone Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864901" url="?curid=56864901" title="Ruler of Women's Country">
Ruler of Women's Country


</doc>
<doc id="56864902" url="?curid=56864902" title="Ulakhan Negein">
Ulakhan Negein

Ulakhan Negein is a populated place in Yakutia, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="56864905" url="?curid=56864905" title="Hutchison Global Crossing Limited">
Hutchison Global Crossing Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864907" url="?curid=56864907" title="Andrej Koželj">
Andrej Koželj

Andrej Koželj (born 27 November 1955) is a Slovenian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics, representing Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="56864908" url="?curid=56864908" title="Wharf T &amp; T Limited">
Wharf T &amp; T Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864911" url="?curid=56864911" title="Helen Corson Hovenden">
Helen Corson Hovenden

Helen Corson Hovenden (1846–1935) was a Philadelphia area painter specializing in portraits of family pets, birds, and flowers.
Early life and education.
Born in Whitemarsh township, Helen Corson was the daughter of George and Martha Corson. She attended the Philadelphia School of Design for Women before traveling to Paris in 1875 to study painting at the Académie Julian, and she exhibited at the Paris Salons of 1876, 1879 and 1880. While in Paris she also met artist Thomas Hovenden, and the two would marry in 1881, having returned to the United States the previous year.
Career.
Following her marriage, Helen settled with her husband on her father's homestead in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania. From 1881 to 1895, they used the Corson family barn, now known as Abolition Hall, as their studio.

</doc>
<doc id="56864912" url="?curid=56864912" title="Andrej Kozelj">
Andrej Kozelj


</doc>
<doc id="56864913" url="?curid=56864913" title="Munich Obermenzing station">
Munich Obermenzing station

Munich Obermenzing station is a railway station in the Pasing-Obermenzing borough of Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56864914" url="?curid=56864914" title="Hutchison 3G (HK) Limited">
Hutchison 3G (HK) Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864915" url="?curid=56864915" title="Obermenzing station">
Obermenzing station


</doc>
<doc id="56864919" url="?curid=56864919" title="München-Obermenzing station">
München-Obermenzing station


</doc>
<doc id="56864921" url="?curid=56864921" title="SmartTone 3G Limited">
SmartTone 3G Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864923" url="?curid=56864923" title="Buor Sysyy">
Buor Sysyy


</doc>
<doc id="56864926" url="?curid=56864926" title="Predictive Intelligence">
Predictive Intelligence


</doc>
<doc id="56864928" url="?curid=56864928" title="Peoples Telephone Company Limited">
Peoples Telephone Company Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56864931" url="?curid=56864931" title="A Damsel in Distress (1919 film)">
A Damsel in Distress (1919 film)

A Damsel in Distress is a silent romantic comedy film released in 1919, starring June Caprice and Creighton Hale. The film is based on the 1919 novel "A Damsel in Distress" by English humorist P. G. Wodehouse. The director was George Archainbaud. The same novel later inspired a 1937 film.
Production.
The film was directed by George Archainbaud, with Philip Masi as assistant director. The art director was Henri Menessier.

</doc>
<doc id="56864933" url="?curid=56864933" title="Ignaz Schönbrunner">
Ignaz Schönbrunner

Ignaz Johann Schönbrunner (May 1, 1835 – February 13, 1921), also known as Ignaz Schönbrunner the Elder, was an Austrian painter.
Biography.
Born in Vienna in the family of a carpenter, Johann S. Schönbrunner. Studied in 1852-1858 at the Academy of Fine Arts (including with Carl Rahl), then 1858-1861 with Josef Führich and specialized in mural painting. In 1866 he was involved in the interior design of the Vienna Court Opera. 1869-1871 he created ceiling paintings in the . In 1869 he joined the Austrian Artists' Society (Vienna Künstlerhaus).

</doc>
<doc id="56864937" url="?curid=56864937" title="PENMETSA VISHNU KUMAR RAJU">
PENMETSA VISHNU KUMAR RAJU


</doc>
<doc id="56864941" url="?curid=56864941" title="Prince (Machiavelli)">
Prince (Machiavelli)


</doc>
<doc id="56864943" url="?curid=56864943" title="Théophile Pépin (mathematician)">
Théophile Pépin (mathematician)


</doc>
<doc id="56864948" url="?curid=56864948" title="Cosmic Ultimate">
Cosmic Ultimate


</doc>
<doc id="56864950" url="?curid=56864950" title="Manchu Bow">
Manchu Bow


</doc>
<doc id="56864955" url="?curid=56864955" title="Gerhardt Soerensen">
Gerhardt Soerensen


</doc>
<doc id="56864956" url="?curid=56864956" title="Jens Gerhardt Sørensen">
Jens Gerhardt Sørensen


</doc>
<doc id="56864957" url="?curid=56864957" title="Jens Gerhardt Soerensen">
Jens Gerhardt Soerensen


</doc>
<doc id="56864960" url="?curid=56864960" title="Peter Fuchs (skier)">
Peter Fuchs (skier)

Karl Peter Maurice Fuchs (28 October 1955 – 22 September 1980) was a British alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics. He was killed in a car accident in Carrbridge, Scotland.
Fuchs' mother was Eileen Fuchs née Knowles.

</doc>
<doc id="56864962" url="?curid=56864962" title="Sonnets of Shakespeare">
Sonnets of Shakespeare


</doc>
<doc id="56864975" url="?curid=56864975" title="Gerhardt Sörensen">
Gerhardt Sörensen


</doc>
<doc id="56864978" url="?curid=56864978" title="Juan Angel Olivieri">
Juan Angel Olivieri

Juan Angel Olivieri (born 28 June 1957) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56864980" url="?curid=56864980" title="Juan Olivieri">
Juan Olivieri


</doc>
<doc id="56864984" url="?curid=56864984" title="Munich Untermenzing station">
Munich Untermenzing station

Munich Untermenzing station is a railway station in the Allach-Untermenzing borough of Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56864995" url="?curid=56864995" title="München-Untermenzing station">
München-Untermenzing station


</doc>
<doc id="56864997" url="?curid=56864997" title="Hortense Mattice Gordon">
Hortense Mattice Gordon


</doc>
<doc id="56864998" url="?curid=56864998" title="Srđan Kočić">
Srđan Kočić

Srđan Kočić (; born 27 November 1999), is a Bosnian professional basketball player for Vojvodina of the Basketball League of Serbia and the Adriatic 2 League. Kočić is a member of Bosnia and Herzegovina national youth basketball team.
Playing career.
On 22 August 2019, Kočić signed for Igokea of the ABA League. On 8 January 2021, he signed for Borac Banja Luka. In August 2021, he signed for Vojvodina of the Basketball League of Serbia.
National team career.
Kočić was a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina U16 team that won the gold medal at the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship. Over nine tournament games, he averaged 1.9 points, 2.7 rebounds and 1.0 rebounds per game. He also played at the 2016 FIBA Under-17 World Championship. Over four tournament games, he averaged 2.0 points, 6.0 rebounds and 2.8 rebounds per game.

</doc>
<doc id="56865000" url="?curid=56865000" title="Untermenzing station">
Untermenzing station


</doc>
<doc id="56865002" url="?curid=56865002" title="München-Allach station">
München-Allach station


</doc>
<doc id="56865004" url="?curid=56865004" title="Miloslav Sochor">
Miloslav Sochor

Miloslav Sochor (born 8 January 1952) is a Czech alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56865006" url="?curid=56865006" title="München-Karlsfeld station">
München-Karlsfeld station


</doc>
<doc id="56865012" url="?curid=56865012" title="München Leuchtenbergring station">
München Leuchtenbergring station


</doc>
<doc id="56865013" url="?curid=56865013" title="Toto Papin">
Toto Papin


</doc>
<doc id="56865022" url="?curid=56865022" title="Adjin Pašović">
Adjin Pašović

Adjin Pašović (born 1 January 1957) is a Yugoslav alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56865027" url="?curid=56865027" title="San Benedetto del Tronto Lighthouse">
San Benedetto del Tronto Lighthouse

San Benedetto del Tronto Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the waterfront of San Benedetto del Tronto, Marche on the Adriatic Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse, built in 1957, consists of a concrete cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern rising from a 2-storey yellow keeper's house. The lantern is painted in white, the lantern dome in grey metallic, and is positioned at above sea level and emits two white flashes in a 10 seconds period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 3898 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56865028" url="?curid=56865028" title="Adjin Pasovic">
Adjin Pasovic


</doc>
<doc id="56865032" url="?curid=56865032" title="Intech Open Science">
Intech Open Science


</doc>
<doc id="56865033" url="?curid=56865033" title="Tomohiko Ito (disambiguation)">
Tomohiko Ito (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56865039" url="?curid=56865039" title="Carlos Alberto Martínez">
Carlos Alberto Martínez

Carlos Alberto Martínez (born 23 April 1957) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56865050" url="?curid=56865050" title="Takekazu Asaka">
Takekazu Asaka

Takekazu Asaka (in ), born in Tokyo in 1952, is a Japanese linguist and lecturer of Philology at the Tsuda University, Tokyo. He translated the works of Galician authors such as Rosalía de Castro, Ramón Cabanillas and Uxío Novoneyra into Japanese, and published the first Galician grammar book in Japanese. He defines himself as "ambassador of Galician culture in Japan."
He is also responsible for organizing Galician music and poetry festivals in Tokyo, and in other cities, to celebrate Galician Literature Day. Since June 2017, he has been made an academic correspondent of the Royal Galician Academy in recognition of his work.
Career.
He visited Galicia for the first time in 1989 while attending the 19th International Congress of Philology and Romance Linguistics, and since he discovered Galician language and Galician culture, and became its great supporter. He is a teacher of Spanish grammar in Tokyo and takes courses in Galician language and culture.
In 2002, he translated "Cantares gallegos" (Galician songs) into Japanese, which was published by DTP Publication.
In 2014, he translated "Contos da miña terra" (Stories of My Land) into Japanese, which was published by DTP Publishing, with a preface by Marie de Carmen Rios Panisse, and a CD containing the texts in audio version.
In 2017, he published a bilingual edition of Uxío Novoneyra's "The Eidos".

</doc>
<doc id="56865051" url="?curid=56865051" title="Hsüan-tu kuan">
Hsüan-tu kuan


</doc>
<doc id="56865053" url="?curid=56865053" title="Carlos Alberto Martinez">
Carlos Alberto Martinez


</doc>
<doc id="56865055" url="?curid=56865055" title="Spider eater">
Spider eater


</doc>
<doc id="56865059" url="?curid=56865059" title="Solar-powered cell phone">
Solar-powered cell phone


</doc>
<doc id="56865065" url="?curid=56865065" title="Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda University - Coimbatore Campus">
Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda University - Coimbatore Campus


</doc>
<doc id="56865071" url="?curid=56865071" title="High line (disambiguation)">
High line (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56865072" url="?curid=56865072" title="Francis Mackenzie (disambiguation)">
Francis Mackenzie (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56865075" url="?curid=56865075" title="Leonid Mikhailovich Shkadov">
Leonid Mikhailovich Shkadov


</doc>
<doc id="56865078" url="?curid=56865078" title="Georgi Kochov">
Georgi Kochov

Georgi Kochov (, born 10 November 1955) is a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56865084" url="?curid=56865084" title="2017–18 Gibraltar Women's Football League">
2017–18 Gibraltar Women's Football League

The 2017–18 Gibraltar Women's Football League is the first season of 11-a-side women's football in Gibraltar since the territory joined UEFA in 2013, and FIFA in 2016. The league had been in operation for a number of years previously, but teams were ineligible for entry to the UEFA Women's Champions League as it was only a 9-a-side tournament. Lincoln Red Imps Women were the reigning champions.
Teams.
Manchester 62 Women withdrew during the 2016–17 season and did not re-enter. As a result, this season saw only three teams participate.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56865088" url="?curid=56865088" title="José Luis Koifman">
José Luis Koifman

José Luis Koifman (born 16 May 1954) is a Chilean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56865090" url="?curid=56865090" title="Llanchie Stevenson">
Llanchie Stevenson

Aminah L. Ahmad (born Rosemary Llanchie Stevenson), formerly known professionally as Llanchie Stevenson, is an American ballet dancer who was the first African-American dancer at Radio City Music Hall Ballet Company, the first African-American female dancer at the National Ballet of Washington, and an original company member and former principal dancer with Dance Theatre of Harlem. She retired from dancing upon her conversion to Islam.
Dance training.
Rosemary Llanchie Stevenson began her dance training at the Bernice Johnson Dance Studio. She enrolled at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music &amp; Art and Performing Arts as a dance major with an emphasis on classical ballet but was dissuaded from continuing classical dance training due to her race, and was switched over to modern dance studies. Her father complained about the change, as Stevenson wanted to become a professional ballet dancer, and she was put back in her classical studies.
Career.
After graduating from LaGuardia when she was seventeen years old she took a class at Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. She was noticed by Alvin Ailey and he invited her to join the professional company. She toured with Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater as a modern dancer, but kept up her ballet and pointe training, upon Ailey's insistence. Ailey encouraged Stevenson to audition for the ballet company at Radio City Music Hall. She auditioned and was told to work on her fouettés and come back in two weeks. She auditioned again and was accepted, joining the Radio City Music Hall Ballet Company as its first African-American dancer. Due to her race, original roles were created for her as there weren't many roles within classical ballets that were traditionally for black dancers.
Stevenson left Radio City Music Hall and auditioned to be a student at the School of American Ballet with hopes of joining the New York City Ballet. She was accepted and received a scholarship to study at the school. She was a student at the School of American Ballet for two years but was not offered a position in the company, despite many of her classmates joining. She asked George Balanchine, director of the School of American Ballet and New York City Ballet, what her prospects were for dancing professionally. Balanchine expressed that although Arthur Mitchell, an African-American male dancer, was dancing with New York City Ballet, the company was not ready to have a woman of color, stating that a black woman would "break the corps line."
Stevenson later auditioned for Frederic Franklin's National Ballet of Washington and was accepted as a member of the corps de ballet. She was the only African-American dancer in the company at the time she joined. After dancing in the corps at the National Ballet of Washington for a few years, she was contacted by Arthur Mitchell, who had retired from New York City Ballet and founded Dance Theatre of Harlem, to join his company. She joined Dance Theatre of Harlem as a founding member and was the company's first principal dancer. She danced many principal roles at Dance Theatre of Harlem, including one of the lead roles in Balanchine's "Concerto Barocco". She toured with the company and even performed at Jacob's Pillow Dance. While at Dance Theatre of Harlem, Stevenson wore brown tights over her pink tights, paving the way for ballet dancers of color to start wearing brown tights and pointe shoes, breaking from the tradition of pink tights and shoes.
Conversion and retirement.
Stevenson began feeling discouraged after she stopped being cast in roles she wanted at Dance Theatre of Harlem despite being a principal dancer, believing the cause to be her weight. She began reading the book "How to Eat to Live" by Elijah Muhammad to help her lose weight and was inspired by the book's messages about Islam. She lost weight and began receiving desired roles again at Dance Theatre of Harlem. After reading about Allah in Muhammad's book, she decided to attend Nation of Islam meetings. She identified with many teaches and practices of the Nation of Islam and officially converted from Christianity to Islam, changing her name to Aminah. She and her husband practiced Islam through the Nation of Islam, but later left the Nation and joined mainstream Islam.
Due to traditional Islamic teachings forbidding women to perform in front of men, perform in public, and dancing uncovered, Stevenson decided to retire from ballet. After retiring she taught ballet and gymnastics to Muslim girls with the focus on discipline and physical health, not with the intention of pre-professional training.

</doc>
<doc id="56865091" url="?curid=56865091" title="Ahmet Karadayi">
Ahmet Karadayi

Ahmet Karadayi (born 19 January 1996) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Kırşehir Belediyespor.
Professional career.
Born in Belgium and of Turkish descent, Karadayi begun playing football at his local club Weerstand Koersel at the age of 7, and worked his way to Sporting Hasselt in the 4th division in Belgium. He moved up a division, joining Geel in 2016.
Karadayi moved from AS Geel in the Belgian First Amateur Division to Kardemir Karabükspor in the Süper Lig on 16 January 2018, after a couple successful seasons. Karadayi made his professional debut for Kardemir Karabükspor in a 4–0 Süper Lig loss to Osmanlıspor on 16 March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56865093" url="?curid=56865093" title="Jose Luis Koifman">
Jose Luis Koifman


</doc>
<doc id="56865096" url="?curid=56865096" title="José Koifman">
José Koifman


</doc>
<doc id="56865097" url="?curid=56865097" title="Neuburg Forest">
Neuburg Forest

The Neuburg Forest () is a largely forested hill ridge and natural region in Lower Bavaria in the county of Passau and the borough of Passau. It is named after the village of Neuburg am Inn.
Geography.
The Neuburg Forest is actually a range of foothills of the Bavarian Forest on the far side of the Danube and thus forms a perimeter zone of the Bohemian Massif. It lies south of the Danube and extends for almost 30 kilometres from the lower Vils valley near Vilshofen to the lower Inn valley near Passau, and in the southeast to Neuburg am Inn. In the north lie the steep slopes of the Löwenwand near Seestetten (southern right bank of the Danube). The average width of the hill range is just under seven kilometres. The Neuburg Forest covers an area of 186 square kilometres. On Austrian territory east of the Inn, the [[Sauwald]] is its continuation. Taking that into account, the Danube has cut its way through the foothills of the Bavarian Forest for a total length of 70 km.
The Neuburg Forest is divided into three main regions: in a narrower sense, only the eastern third of this area is called the Neuburg Forest, with an area of about 60 km². The central part of the [[natural region]] is called "Hochbuchet", while the western part, west of the Laufenbach, between Hochbuchet and [[Vils (Danube)|Vils valley]], has no special name. Also the [[Alkofen]] Heights left of the Vils are still counted as part of the natural region of the Neuburg Forest.
Most of the Neuburg Forest is located in the municipalities of [[Fürstenzell]] and [[Neuburg am Inn]] (from which the forest derives its name), as well as in the southern Passau districts of Heining. (where the [[Löwenwand]] is found), Haidenhof Nord and Haidenhof Süd. Its northwestern part west of the Lauterbach extends into the territory of the borough of [[Vilshofen an der Donau|Vilshofen]] (near Seestetten: "Seestettner Holz" with the 390-metre-high "Hirschenberg").
The forested hill range has an average height of 400 to 475 metres, reaching its highest point at 499 metres above sea level at the summit of the "Platte", a flat "[[kuppe]]" near the village of Altenmarkt in the municipality of [[Fürstenzell]] at . On the "Platte" is a [[water tower]]. The second highest point is only slightly lower at 498 metres; it is located in the "Hochgasse" woods on the county road, the "[[Kreisstraße]] PA11" near the [[hamlet (place)|hamlet]] of Haunreut, in Fürstenzell, at .
The Neuburg Forest is composed of [[granite]] and [[gneiss]]es. Especially on its northern and southwestern slopes, it is embedded in thick [[Pliocene]] and [[Pleistocene]] [[gravel]]s.
Literature.
[[Category:Forests and woodlands of Bavaria]]
[[Category:Regions of Bavaria]]
[[Category:Natural regions of the Upper Palatine-Bavarian Forest]]
[[Category:Passau (district)]]
[[Category:Passau]]
[[Category:Bohemian Massif]]
[[Category:East Bavaria]]

</doc>
<doc id="56865101" url="?curid=56865101" title="Business implementation of Chatbot in CRM">
Business implementation of Chatbot in CRM


</doc>
<doc id="56865105" url="?curid=56865105" title="Onkhoyoon">
Onkhoyoon

Onkhoyoon is a populated place in Yakutia, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="56865123" url="?curid=56865123" title="Washington Valley (Middle Brook basin)">
Washington Valley (Middle Brook basin)


</doc>
<doc id="56865124" url="?curid=56865124" title="Ucsd basketball">
Ucsd basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56865127" url="?curid=56865127" title="Uc san diego basketball">
Uc san diego basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56865129" url="?curid=56865129" title="Ucsd tritons basketball">
Ucsd tritons basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56865130" url="?curid=56865130" title="Prasat Ta Moan">
Prasat Ta Moan


</doc>
<doc id="56865131" url="?curid=56865131" title="Prasat Ta Moan Thom">
Prasat Ta Moan Thom


</doc>
<doc id="56865132" url="?curid=56865132" title="Ucsd men's basketball">
Ucsd men's basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56865133" url="?curid=56865133" title="Prasat Ta Muean Thom">
Prasat Ta Muean Thom


</doc>
<doc id="56865134" url="?curid=56865134" title="Hemp farming">
Hemp farming


</doc>
<doc id="56865135" url="?curid=56865135" title="Prasat Ta Muean">
Prasat Ta Muean


</doc>
<doc id="56865136" url="?curid=56865136" title="Uc san diego men's basketball">
Uc san diego men's basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56865137" url="?curid=56865137" title="Adrian Breen (hurler)">
Adrian Breen (hurler)

Adrian Breen (born 28 May 1992) is an Irish hurler who plays for Limerick Senior Championship club Na Piarsaigh and at inter-county level with the Limerick senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a right wing-forward.

</doc>
<doc id="56865139" url="?curid=56865139" title="Terminally Delightful">
Terminally Delightful


</doc>
<doc id="56865146" url="?curid=56865146" title="Franklin Mann">
Franklin Mann

Franklin Mann may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56865149" url="?curid=56865149" title="Women's School of Design, Philadelphia">
Women's School of Design, Philadelphia


</doc>
<doc id="56865151" url="?curid=56865151" title="Karaolos prisoner of war camp">
Karaolos prisoner of war camp

The Karaolos prisoner of war camp was a prisoner-of-war camp established in Karaolos, Cyprus in 1916 with the intent of housing Ottoman troops captured during the course of World War I. The Ottomans were repatriated in February 1920, on the same year the camp received refugees of the Russian Civil War housing them for a year. Between 1946 and 1949, Karaolos resumed operation as part of the system of Cyprus internment camps used for the detention of Jewish refugees attempting to settle in Mandatory Palestine.
Background.
At the outbreak of the First World War Cyprus was nominally a part of the Ottoman Empire, while in fact being administered by the British Empire as agreed in the Cyprus Convention of 1878. On 5 November 1914, the Ottomans entered the conflict on the side of the Central Powers, prompting Britain to void the Cyprus Convention and annex the island as the two states were now at war. A number of security measures including telegraph and newspaper censorship, and martial law were introduced although Cyprus remained relatively isolated from the nearby theaters of operations. As it did not possess harbors big enough to accommodate large warships, local authorities shifted their focus to supplying the fighting fronts in its periphery with food as well as housing those wounded in actions, prisoners of war as well as refugees.
Operation.
The Karaolos prisoner of war camp was established in September 1916, when 2,000 Ottoman soldiers captured during the course of the Arab Revolt, the Gallipoli Campaign and the Sinai and Palestine Campaigns were transported to the island. It was located in the Karaolos area northwest of Famagusta's old town. It is variously claimed that the camp once stood on what today is a UNFICYP camp on the west side of the Ismet Inonu Bulvari or at the current address of the Gulseren Education Battalion military camp. The camp was erected on land seized from local farmers, whose requests for compensation were rejected by the colonial authorities. The locale was specially selected for the low density of its Muslim population (20.7%), as an additional security measure. 
Turkish Cypriots did in fact attempt a prison break operation, however it was exposed by British intelligence before it could be executed. A total of 217 Ottoman POWs died in detention, a number were killed while attempting to escape from the camp, while the majority fell victim to poor living conditions. The prisoners received meals consisting of mashed and boiled marrow, bread made from barley flour, carob and olives. According to eyewitness accounts they were dressed in ragged clothing and did not possess shoes. They spent their free time creating improvised trench art, such as prayer beads made of olive seeds and wooden cigarette boxes. A number of prisoners were conscripted into labor units that performed stevedoring. Following the end of the war some chose to stay on the island while the rest were repatriated in February 1920.
On 14 November 1920, the remnants of Pyotr Wrangel's Anti-Bolshevik White Army evacuated their last stronghold in Russia. A few hundred of those refugees
of the Russian Civil War, traveled to Karaolos through Istanbul, settling in 20 huts previously used by the Ottoman POWs. Most departed from Cyprus a year later, while a few settled on the island permanently. In 1946, Karaolos became part of the system of Cyprus internment camps intended to prevent Jewish refugees from settling in Mandatory Palestine, with 30,000 being housed in the wider Famagusta region. Karaolos incorporated Camps 55, 60, 61, 62 and 63, consisting of army tents and a few Nissen huts. A number of internees managed to escape through a tunnel with the assistance of Jewish resistance organizations and local sympathizers from AKEL. From November 1946 to the time of the Israeli Declaration of Independence in May 1948, Cyprus detainees were allowed into Palestine at a rate of 750 people per month. On January 24, 1949, the British began sending these detainees to Israel, with the last of them departing for Israel on February 11, 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="56865153" url="?curid=56865153" title="Policy positions of the Republican Party">
Policy positions of the Republican Party


</doc>
<doc id="56865154" url="?curid=56865154" title="William F. Enneking">
William F. Enneking

William F. Enneking (1926–2014) was an American orthopaedic oncologist. Born in Wisconsin on May 9, 1926, he earned his Doctorate of Medicine (MD) from the University of Wisconsin in 1949. He spent the majority of his career as professor of orthopaedic oncology at the University of Florida. He served as president of the American Orthopaedic Association from 1983 to 1984. The Enneking Classification for osteosarcoma, which he developed, influences prognosis and treatment for patients with the disease. 
From 1980 to his retirement in 2005, Enneking held the Eugene L Jewett Professor of Orthopedics at the University of Florida. Subsequently, he was appointed as a professor emeritus.

</doc>
<doc id="56865159" url="?curid=56865159" title="UMBC vs Virginia">
UMBC vs Virginia


</doc>
<doc id="56865162" url="?curid=56865162" title="UMBC 74-54 Virginia">
UMBC 74-54 Virginia


</doc>
<doc id="56865166" url="?curid=56865166" title="Social policy positions of the Republican Party">
Social policy positions of the Republican Party


</doc>
<doc id="56865169" url="?curid=56865169" title="Mayogo">
Mayogo

Mayogo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56865170" url="?curid=56865170" title="1998 Harvard vs. Stanford women's basketball game">
1998 Harvard vs. Stanford women's basketball game

On March 14, 1998, during the first round of the 1998 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament, the Stanford Cardinal of Stanford University played a college basketball game against the Harvard Crimson of Harvard University in Stanford, California. The Cardinal, seeded 1st in the West bracket and 1st overall in the NCAA Tournament, faced Harvard, seeded 16th in the West bracket and ranked 62nd overall (out of a field of 64).
The Crimson won the game 71–67, making it the first time in the history of college basketball, both men and women, that a 16-seed defeated a 1-seed. Two of Stanford's top players did not play in the game. However, in the Crimson's next game they would lose to the Arkansas Razorbacks 82-64, ending their cinderella run. To date, no other 16-seed in women's college basketball has achieved such a feat. The feat was not accomplished by a men's college basketball program until 2018, when UMBC beat Virginia, 74-54.

</doc>
<doc id="56865171" url="?curid=56865171" title="Social policy positions of the Democratic Party">
Social policy positions of the Democratic Party


</doc>
<doc id="56865175" url="?curid=56865175" title="Biography of a Bookie Joint">
Biography of a Bookie Joint

"Biography of a Bookie Joint" is an American documentary that aired on November 30, 1961, on CBS under the network's "CBS Reports" banner. It documented Swartz's Key Shop, an illegal bookmaking establishment located at 364 Massachusetts Avenue in Boston. It was narrated by Walter Cronkite and producer/reporter Jay McMullen.
Production.
Filming began as early as May 30, 1961. According to Fred W. Friendly, Swartz's Key Shop was chosen because "there was a prolonged attempt by law agencies to close up this one place". CBS's crew concealed cameras in an apartment across the street. McMullen used an 8mm camera hidden in a lunch box to get footage of bookmakers accepting bets from hundreds of people inside the shop.
Overview.
The film showed 10 uniformed officers of the Boston Police Department and one recently retired BPD detective entering the establishment while illegal betting took place. Cameras also captured members of the BPD walking past a burning trash can. One of the bookmakers was filmed leaving the shop around 8:30 AM to drive to his regular job at the Metropolitan District Commission headquarters. On September 29 the shop was raided by members of the United States Department of the Treasury. The shop reopened again a week later. On October 27 it was raided again, this time by members of the Massachusetts State Police.
In addition to footage of the key shop, "Biography of a Bookie Joint" featured interviews with members of the Internal Revenue Service's intelligence unit, the Massachusetts State Police, and the New England Citizen's Crime Commission. State Representative Harrison Chadwick spoke about the influence bookmakers had on the state legislature. MSP Col. Carl Larson stated that he had informed Boston Police Commissioner Leo J. Sullivan on at least four occasions that illegal gambling was occurring at the key shop. Each time, Sullivan sent back word to Larson that members of his department had visited the shop and found nothing to warrant an arrest.
Broadcast history.
CBS elected not to air the program in Boston, Hartford, and Providence due to pending charges against the gamblers. It was rebroadcast nationally and for the first time in New England on March 20, 1963.
Reaction.
Critical reception.
George McKinnon of "The Boston Globe" called "Biography of a Bookie Joint" "a brilliantly handled documentary, far more intriguing than any TV private eye drama". Jerome Sullivan stated that it may have been "the biggest thing that has hit Boston in 20 years".
"Biography of a Bookie Joint" was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Program of the Year. It lost to the "Hallmark Hall of Fame" episode "Victoria Regina".
Political reaction.
The day after the program aired, Governor John Volpe announced that he would have a "showdown" with commissioner Sullivan. On December 8, Volpe asked Sullivan for his resignation. Sullivan refused and Volpe hired James D. St. Clair to prepare removal proceedings against Sullivan. Sullivan was brought before the Massachusetts Governor's Council's on charges of neglecting his duty by not ordering an investigation into the officers who were filmed visiting Swartz's Key Shop as well as three unrelated offenses. Sullivan resigned on March 15, 1962, during the hearings on his removal. Following Sullivan's resignation, a number of changes were made to the department. Fiscal control of the BPD and the power to appoint the police commissioner was transferred from the Governor of Massachusetts to the Mayor of Boston. Edmund McNamara was brought in from the FBI to become police commissioner and Quinn Tamm was hired to perform a survey of the department.
Harrison Chadwick was publicly censured by the Massachusetts House of Representatives for his remarks in the film. In 1964 the House voted to reverse its censure.
Arrests.
Abraham Swartz, proprietor of the shop, was fined $1,000 and given a three-month suspended sentence in November 1961. He died on February 26, 1962. Harry Portnoy, principal in the gambling operation, was not arrested because he possessed a federal wagering stamp. He was later convicted of assaulting a U.S. Marshal who attempted to serve him a summons. Michael DiNunzio, a key maker who served as a front for the operation, was fined $1,000 and spent three months in jail. In 1963, DiNunzio was arrested in a raid of gambling operation located in a key shop across the street from Swartz's.

</doc>
<doc id="56865176" url="?curid=56865176" title="Mayogo people">
Mayogo people

The Mayogo people are an ethnic group of Central Africa, concentrated predominantly in northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="56865177" url="?curid=56865177" title="Environmental policies of the Republican Party">
Environmental policies of the Republican Party


</doc>
<doc id="56865183" url="?curid=56865183" title="Foreign policy positions of the Democratic Party">
Foreign policy positions of the Democratic Party


</doc>
<doc id="56865184" url="?curid=56865184" title="Battle off Liverpool, Nova Scotia (1778)">
Battle off Liverpool, Nova Scotia (1778)

The Battle off Liverpool took place on 24 April 1778 during the American Revolutionary War. The raid involved the British vessel and the French 24-gun frigate "Duc de Choiseul".
Background.
During the American Revolution, Americans regularly attacked Nova Scotia by land and sea. American privateers devastated the maritime economy by raiding many of the coastal communities, such as the numerous raids on Liverpool and on Annapolis Royal.
Liverpool's struggle for identity during the revolutionary war has been the subject of considerable study by historians. The town was at first sympathetic to the cause of the American Revolution, with outlying outports like Port Medway and Port Mouton almost continuously visited by American privateers, but after repeated attacks by American privateers on local shipping interests and one direct attack on the town itself, Liverpool citizens turned against the rebellion. The defence of the town and the outfitting of privateers was led by Colonel Simeon Perkins. Captain William Duddingston of was stationed at Liverpool.
Just off Liverpool, on 26 August 1776, HMS "Liverpool" (28 guns) captured "Warren" (ex "Hawk"), which subsequently served as a tender for HMS "Milford" and ran aground in a storm near Portsmouth, New Hampshire at the end of December 1776.
The Battle off Port Medway took place on 27 September 1776 during the American Revolutionary War. The American privateer (8 guns, 14 men), under the command of Captain Agreen Crabtree, captured five Nova Scotia vessels.
In 1777, Joseph Dexter was imprisoned for helping American Privateers. He later escaped to Boston and was rewarded the expenses he incurred for his support.
Battle.
On April24, 1778, the Royal Navy warship under the command of Captain John Milligan ran aground the French ship "Duc de Choiseul" (named after Étienne François, duc de Choiseul) under the command of Captain Jean Heraud in Liverpool Harbour. There was an exchange of cannon fire lasting over three hours. A number of the French crew were killed, drowned and wounded. The 100 remaining French crew were taken prisoner. The arms that were on the wrecked ship continued to attract American privateers over the following month.
Consequently, on May 1, American privateers raided Liverpool, ravaging and pillaging a number of the houses and stores, including the store of Simeon Perkins, a significant town leader. Three weeks later, on May 21, the same privateers returned and tried to tow the wreck of "Duc de Choiseul" out to sea. Perkins mustered ten men at the shore. Cannon fire was exchanged by the British militia and the American privateers. The privateers continued to fire at the town for almost an hour. Perkins marched his men along the shore, closer to the privateers. One of the militia was wounded in the ensuing exchanges. The privateers stayed off shore for a number of days. Perkins kept a sergeant and six men on guard duty twenty four hours a day until the privateers left the area.
Aftermath.
After suffering three years of similar sporadic raids, the people of Liverpool, in June 1779 began re-building Fort Morris (Nova Scotia) and on October 31 launched their own privateer vessel named "Lucy" to bring battle to their adversaries. As well, Perkins wrote a successful appeal to the authorities in Halifax, and on December 13, 1778 Captain John Howard's company of the King's Orange Rangers arrived aboard the transport "Hannah". The company consisted of Howard, 2 lieutenants, 1 ensign, 3 sergeants, 2 or 3 corporals, 48 privates, and several camp followers, both women and children.
On 22 June 1778, American privateers captured a small schooner of Major Studholm that was en route from St. John to Annapolis. Captured were one Sergeant and eight soldiers from the Royal Fencible American Regiment and the Royal Nova Scotia Volunteer Regiment.
Another privateer raid on Liverpool occurred on September 13, 1780. Two American privateers, "Surprize" under Captain Benjamin Cole, and "Delight", under Captain Lane, unloaded nearly 70 men at Ballast Cove shortly after midnight. By 4am they had captured the fort and taken Howard, two other officers, and all but six of the KOR garrison as prisoners. Perkins called out the militia, engineered the capture of Cole, and negotiated with Lane for the recovery of the fort and the release of the prisoners. Within a few hours "every thing [was] restored to its former Situation without any Blood Shed." Liverpool was not bothered by privateers for the remainder of the war.
American privateers remained a threat to Nova Scotian ports for the rest of the war. For example, after a failed attempt to raid Chester, Nova Scotia, American privateers struck again in the Raid on Lunenburg in 1782.

</doc>
<doc id="56865187" url="?curid=56865187" title="1946 Georgia lynching">
1946 Georgia lynching


</doc>
<doc id="56865189" url="?curid=56865189" title="Aminah L. Ahmad">
Aminah L. Ahmad


</doc>
<doc id="56865192" url="?curid=56865192" title="Sexual misconduct allegations against Donald Trump">
Sexual misconduct allegations against Donald Trump


</doc>
<doc id="56865193" url="?curid=56865193" title="Aminah Ahmad">
Aminah Ahmad


</doc>
<doc id="56865194" url="?curid=56865194" title="Reply to Hayne">
Reply to Hayne


</doc>
<doc id="56865200" url="?curid=56865200" title="Eastern Länder">
Eastern Länder


</doc>
<doc id="56865212" url="?curid=56865212" title="Healthcare policy of Donald Trump">
Healthcare policy of Donald Trump


</doc>
<doc id="56865216" url="?curid=56865216" title="Springtide">
Springtide


</doc>
<doc id="56865220" url="?curid=56865220" title="Wise Guy (musical)">
Wise Guy (musical)

Wise Guy, which had at different points the working titles (in approximate order) The Last Resorts, Palm Beach, The Mizner Story, and Sentimental Guy, is a musical whose music and lyrics were written by Irving Berlin between 1952 and 1956. It has never been produced.
The subject of the musical is Berlin's deceased friend, the famous Florida architect Addison Mizner, to a lesser extent Addison's younger brother and sometimes partner Wilson, and their friends and clients. Berlin had been an investor in Mizner's visionary but ultimately ruinous Boca Raton project, and there had been talk (but no serious plans) of Berlin setting up a nightclub in Boca Raton.
"The Last Resorts" (1952).
Berlin's first, 1952 attempt to write a musical about the Mizners was called "The Last Resorts", with an alternate title "Palm Beach". It was "apparently based on Cleveland Amory's 1952 book, "Last Resorts"", and was written "with Amory". The Irving Berlin archives at the Library of Congress contains a synopsis of Act I, and lyrics for the following songs:
This project was set side.
Wise Guy (1956).
The project was reactivated after the 1953 publication of Alva Johnston's "The Legendary Mizners" (in England, "The Incredible Mizners"). Berlin worked with playwright S. N. Behrman on the project, also called Sentimental Guy and The Mizner Story; it was to have starred José Ferrer.
Recorded songs from the musical.
These songs are all featured on the album "Unsung Irving Berlin" and were unearthed from Berlin's files by the producer of the album, Bruce Kimmel. "Sentimental Guy" was sung by Laurie Beechman and "You're a Sucker for a Dame" was sung by Guy Haines.
"You're a Sentimental Guy" was written in December 1956. "Since "Wise Guy"'s original title had been "Sentimental Guy", this may be an example of the title song that gets cut when the name of a musical is changed." It was published in sheet music form in 1996. The lyrics compare life on Broadway with Westchester County ("Yonkers").
"Go Home and Tell It to your Wife" is a 1957 comedy duet which was originally meant to be sung by Perry Como and Mary Martin "in a television spectacular modeled after the Irving Berlin Music Box Reviews." That project fell through. It was also intended at one point for "Wise Guy".

</doc>
<doc id="56865221" url="?curid=56865221" title="Springfloden">
Springfloden


</doc>
<doc id="56865223" url="?curid=56865223" title="Freshfield (surname)">
Freshfield (surname)

Freshfield is an English surname, notably of the family that founded the law firm Freshfields. The name is not derived from Freshfield, a suburb of Formby, Merseyside, which was named in the mid-nineteenth century. People with the surname Freshfield include:

</doc>
<doc id="56865224" url="?curid=56865224" title="Franciacorta wine">
Franciacorta wine


</doc>
<doc id="56865225" url="?curid=56865225" title="Kaj Holger Larsen">
Kaj Holger Larsen


</doc>
<doc id="56865231" url="?curid=56865231" title="Palette-knife">
Palette-knife


</doc>
<doc id="56865238" url="?curid=56865238" title="Moore's Ford lynching (1946)">
Moore's Ford lynching (1946)


</doc>
<doc id="56865245" url="?curid=56865245" title="Pasing railway station">
Pasing railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56865250" url="?curid=56865250" title="Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Ass'n v. Brentwood Academy">
Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Ass'n v. Brentwood Academy


</doc>
<doc id="56865251" url="?curid=56865251" title="Middle Eastern foreign policy of the United States">
Middle Eastern foreign policy of the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56865252" url="?curid=56865252" title="Buurdaakh">
Buurdaakh

Buurdaakh is a populated place in Yakutia, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="56865260" url="?curid=56865260" title="Blurb Books">
Blurb Books


</doc>
<doc id="56865263" url="?curid=56865263" title="Nahr Al Kalb">
Nahr Al Kalb


</doc>
<doc id="56865268" url="?curid=56865268" title="Sene East (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Sene East (Ghana parliament constituency)

Sene East is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Sene East is located in the Sene District of the Bono East Region.
Boundaries.
The seat is located within the Sene District of the Bono East Region of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="56865272" url="?curid=56865272" title="Chastai">
Chastai

Chastai is a populated place in Yakutia, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="56865279" url="?curid=56865279" title="Helga Moddansdóttir">
Helga Moddansdóttir

Helga Moddansdóttir was the mistress of Haakon Paulsson who was Earl of Orkney from 1105–1123.
The "Orkneyinga saga" states that she was the daughter of Moddan () - described as a rich and well-born farmer - and that she and the earl had three children. She was a member of a powerful dynasty in northern Scotland, sometimes referred to as "Clan Moddan" by modern historians, whose power base was "Dale" possibly near the modern-day Helmsdale in Sutherland. Although little is known about her own activities save a fabulous story about a poisoned shirt that supposedly killed her son Harald it is clear that she, her sister Frakkök and her children had a significant impact on the politics of early 12th century Orkney, Caithness and Sutherland.
Family background and status.
After the death of earl Magnus Erlendsson c. 1115 at the hands of his cousin Haakon Paulsson, the family of Moddan of Dale played a significant part in the affairs of the Earldom of Orkney. However, their origins are obscure. For a date in the mid-11th century the "Orkneyinga saga" mentions that "Muddan", who was a nephew of a King of Scots the saga calls Karl Hundason, became jarl of Caithness. He had not held this position long when he was killed by Thorkel "the Fosterer" Sumarlidason, an ally of Earl of Orkney Thorfinn Sigurdsson. Thorkel was able to approach Muddan's base in Thurso because "all the people of Caithness were faithful and loyal to him". It is far from certain that Helga's father Moddan was a descendant of this earlier namesake, and there is no suggestion that Moddan was a jarl, but his son Ótarr apparently was. Furthermore, Ótarr also had his base at Thurso.
Whatever their origins, in addition to the titled Ótarr, Helga's siblings were, Angus "the Generous" and her sisters Frakkök and Þorleif. These children had both Norse and Gaelic names, whereas Orcadian families tended to have exclusively Norse names. It is thus likely that Helga's ancestors were of mixed heritage with her father being of Celtic origin and her mother possibly having a Norse background and related to the jarl Óttar who was killed in 1098 fighting in Man.
The saga describes Helga as the mistress or concubine of Earl Haakon, but has nothing to say about the mother of Haakon's other named child, Páll. Sellar (2000) suggests that a degree of polygamy appears to have been acceptable among high-status families in Norse Scotland and that the distinction between wives and concubines may not have been rigid.
Children.
Helga and Harald's children had diverse fortunes. Harald "Smooth-tongue" became earl on the death of his father and ruled jointly with his half-brother Páll "the Silent" until his death in 1130. His demise apparently came about because of a plot involving Helga and her sister Frakkök.
Ingibjörg married Olaf Morsel, King of the Isles. Their daughter Ragnhild married Somerled and from them descended the 13th-century Lords of Argyll, and Clan MacDougall, the Lords of the Isles, Clan Donald, Clan MacRory, and Clan MacAlister.
Their third child Margaret married Matad, Earl of Atholl, whose son Harald Maddadsson was earl of Orkney from 1138 until 1206 and whom the "Orkneyinga Saga" describes one of the three most powerful Earls of Orkney along with Sigurd Eysteinsson and Thorfinn Sigurdsson.
After the death of Earl Haakon c. 1123 Harald and Páll inherited their father's title "and the farmers had grave doubts about how the brothers... would get on together."
When Frakkök's husband Ljot "the Renegade" died she journeyed from her home in Sutherland to Orkney in the company of Sigurd "Fake-Deacon" (so-called because he had trained as a priest) and other members of her clan. Frakkök and Helga "had a lot to say in the government of Earl Harald" and soon two factions emerged, each supporting one of the joint earls. These political troubles also involved Thorkel Fosterer who had been a close ally of Earl Magnus and who had suffered under the rule of Earl Haakon. Earl Harald and Sigurd Fake-Deacon attacked and killed the by now elderly Thorkel, which infuriated Earl Páll and led to a political crisis. Fearing war, the Orcadian farmers clamoured for a settlement and eventually Sigurd was banished from the islands and Harald had to pay compensation for the death of Thorkel.
Tale of the poisoned shirt.
As was typically the case with Icelandic language writing of this period, the aims of the "Orkneyinga saga" were to provide a sense of social continuity through the telling of history combined with an entertaining narrative drive. The tales are thought to have been compiled from a number of sources, combining family pedigrees, praise poetry and oral legends with historical facts. Occasionally however, there are examples of obviously fictional elements such as the effects of the poisoned shirt that killed jarl Harald Haakonsson.
The saga relates how at Christmas (c. 1130) Frakökk and Helga were staying on Earl Harald's estate at Orphir prior to a Yule feast to which Harald had invited his half-brother Páll. The sisters were sewing a snow-white garment embroidered with gold. This garment was enchanted, and the two sisters had intended it for Earl Páll. Unfortunately for the sisters, Earl Harald noticed the beautiful garment and, despite their protestations, put the garment on. His body gave a great shiver which was followed by a burning pain and soon after he died. The saga states that Earl Páll immediately took control of his deceased half-brother's possessions, and that he was highly suspicious of the two sisters thereafter. 
Banishment.
After the death of Harald, Helga and Frakkök were banished from Orkney and returned to Dale, where Frakkök was killed by Sweyn Asleifsson after an ill-judged attack against Earl Páll using troops she and her grandson Olvir "Brawl" had gathered in the Hebrides. After the "sinister" Frakkök's death her holdings in Sutherland were inherited by Eirik Stay-Brails, grandson of Þorleif Moddansdottir. The saga is silent regarding Helga's fate although it does relate that in the complex battle for power between Earl Páll and Rognvald Kali Kolsson that followed Earl Harald's death, Asleifsson kidnapped Earl Páll when he spotted him hunting for otters on the shores of Rousay c. 1136. Asleifsson delivered the earl to Helga's daughter Margaret in Atholl from which imprisonment he did not re-emerge.
Interpretations.
Thomson (2008) offers the view that the tale of the poisoned shirt "is probably no more than a story which owes its origin to rumours which surrounded Harald's sudden death". Williams (2007) argues that affairs of Clan Moddan draw attention to value of exploring the complex relationships between the noble houses of the "two main political entities" of Scandinavian Scotland in the "Norðreyjar" and the "Suðreyjar".

</doc>
<doc id="56865286" url="?curid=56865286" title="Lorenzo Peretti Junior">
Lorenzo Peretti Junior

Lorenzo Peretti (10 November 1871 – 30 June 1953) was an Italian divisionist and postimpressionist painter.
Biography.
Son of the distinguished local painter Bernardino Peretti, grandson and namesake of a celebrated creator of frescoes, Lorenzo Peretti Junior was the last descendant of a gifted dynasty of Valle Vigezzo artists: the Perettis of Buttogno. His artistic inclinations and talent for drawing were evident in his youth, however his father compelled him to study commerce; he went to boarding school in Bern and later worked in Milan for a brief period. In 1889, when his father died leaving him a substantial inheritance, he decided to dedicate himself entirely to painting. He enrolled the following year at the "Rossetti Valentini" School of Fine Arts in Santa Maria Maggiore, where he took courses in painting, drawing and ornamentation taught by Enrico Cavalli. During these years of study, he became close friends with Carlo Fornara, who had enrolled at the school in 1883. Enrico Cavalli transmitted to his students the aesthetic and emotional values of Impressionism, to which the youthful Lorenzo responded in a very personally inflected way that won the sympathy of his teacher.
When Enrico Cavalli gave up his teaching position at the Rossetti Valentini School, his best students were given the opportunity to widen their horizons and immerse themselves in French culture. In 1892, Peretti, together with Fornara and Giovanni Battista Ciolina (another of Cavalli's former students), made plans to accompany the master to Provence, Lyon and Paris. In the end they set out on the journey in 1893 without Ciolina, who would travel to France only in 1896, with Fornara. Peretti was finally able to see for himself the solutions engendered by the research of the masters Cavalli had constantly invoked during the ten years he taught in Santa Maria Maggiore. In Lyon, Peretti explored the painting of Eugène Delacroix; in Paris he discovered the Pointillism of Georges Seurat and Paul Signac, whose painting of light led him to Divisionism without the mediation of Giovanni Segantini, Plinio Nomellini or Angelo Morbelli. A second journey, in 1894, led Peretti to deepen his study of the work of Adolphe Monticelli, already cited at the time by Vincent van Gogh and Paul Cézanne. Although Peretti had already been noticed by the tight and clearly defined circle of the Italian Divisionists (Morbelli mentions him several times, at first in admiring tones, later with a certain pique, in a series of letters addressed to Giuseppe Pellizza da Volpedo), Peretti chose not to align himself totally with the movement, in particular with a group whose schematic, scientific approach he judged to be too strict and too restrictive.
Lorenzo Peretti Junior then moved away from Divisionism and set out along a solitary pathway, a personal synthesis of research, a scientific approach and mathematical rules with the spontaneity of the gesture, the immediacy of the sign and the emotional and sensory values inherited from Cavalli: a rejection which definitively excluded him from the avant-garde movements and the attention of contemporary criticism. The artist now privileged the technique of the ""non finito", the unfinished – already apparent in earlier paintings like "Lavandaie alla lanca di Toceno" (Washerwomen at the oxbow lake near Toceno, 1894) – where masked or flattened colour, superimposed signs and a variety of techniques are made to coexist within a single work with the aim of involving, provoking and embarrassing a hypothetical public. The paintings "Conversazione campestre" (Conversation in the Fields) and "Il bosco dei druidi" (The Woods of the Druids) also date from this period. The latter work expresses Peretti Junior's lively interest in esotericism: a follower of René Guénon, a passionate reader of Rudolf Steiner and Allan Kardec, of Eliphas Levi, and of Buddhist and yoga texts, the artist and scholar created a large library of esoteric and theosophical works together with his friend Adolfo Papetti, a collector and the executor of his will.
An increasingly solitary and eccentric figure, often mystified by the diffidence of his fellow townspeople (who believed he knew the secrets of the archaic sorcery of the Valley) and the superficiality of the criticism of his work, Lorenzo Peretti Junior spent the last decades of his life living in seclusion at Toceno, devoting himself mostly to studying and critiquing art. An analytical, in-depth reassessment of his role in the art of Valle Vigezzo and Italy generally at the turn of the 20th century would not be carried out until the 1990s, with the research of the Piedmontese critic Dario Gnemmi (1957-2005), in particular the volumes "Retour à la ferme" (Return to the farm) (1993) and the posthumous "Vigezzini di Francia. Pittura d'alpe e d'Oltralpe tra Otto e Novecento in Valle Vigezzo" (The French Vigezzini. Painting in Valle Vigezzo of the Alps and beyond at the turn of the 20th century) (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="56865287" url="?curid=56865287" title="Moddan of Dale">
Moddan of Dale


</doc>
<doc id="56865292" url="?curid=56865292" title="Frakkok">
Frakkok


</doc>
<doc id="56865299" url="?curid=56865299" title="Elga inghen Madhadan">
Elga inghen Madhadan


</doc>
<doc id="56865305" url="?curid=56865305" title="Helga Moddansdottir">
Helga Moddansdottir


</doc>
<doc id="56865314" url="?curid=56865314" title="Gökhan Kardes">
Gökhan Kardes


</doc>
<doc id="56865326" url="?curid=56865326" title="Sylva Zalmanson">
Sylva Zalmanson

Sylva Zalmanson (, ; born Siberia, 1944) is a Soviet-born Jewish Prisoner of Zion, human rights activist, artist and engineer who settled in Israel in 1974.
Early life.
Born in Siberia in 1944 to a middle-class Jewish family from Riga. The family escaped the Nazis and returned to Riga in 1945, after the Soviets defeated the Nazis and liberated Latvia. While she was an university student at the Riga Polytechnic University, she became engaged in zionist activities, distributing Hebrew-language study books to different Jewish communities around the Soviet Union, listening to Israel Radio programs in Russian, and other activities that were considered illegal under Soviet law.
 Zalmanson graduated Riga Polytechnic University in 1968, worked as an engineer, and dreamed of living in Israel. Repeatedly requesting and being denied an exit visa to leave the Soviet Union for Israel, Zalmanson and her husband Eduard Kuznetsov became members of a group of activists in a Zionist underground cell which came up with a plan to escape.
The Leningrad plane hijackers case.
The plan was called "Operation Wedding," (AKA Dymshits–Kuznetsov hijacking affair): the group would buy all the tickets to a local flight as if they are going to a wedding. 
Once onboard, they would take over the controls of the "borrowed" government plane, and Major Mark Dymshits, a former Soviet military pilot and Jewish refusenik, would fly the aircraft, under the radar, over the Soviet border. 
Sylva recruited most of the group members, including her husband Eduard Kuznetsov and two brothers: Wolf Zalmanson and Israel Zalmanson. Aware that the KGB was watching and waiting, thanks to an informant, they nevertheless decided to go through with the plan.
On 15 June 1970, moments before boarding the Antonov An-2, the group was arrested and tried for "high treason". Sylva was the only woman on the trial that took place on 15 December 1970, and the first to go up the stand, she said:
Sylva received 10 years in Soviet Gulag: 3 years for the escape attempt, 7 years of "anti-Soviet propaganda", referring to Sylva's distribution of Hebrew learning books. Sylva's husband Edward Kuznetsov and the group's pilot, Mark Dymshits, received a death sentence. The death sentences were reduced to 15 years after only 8 days, due to massive free world pressure. The Let My People Go! campaign brought awareness to the world and tens of thousands of people demonstrated all over the world demanding the release of the activists and that Soviet Jews were given the opportunity to emigrate.
Migration to Israel before and after the trial.
During the time Zalmanson and the other Zionist activists were imprisoned, and as a result of the diplomatic pressure put on the Soviet authorities, hundreds of thousands of Jews received visas to leave.
Between 1948 and the trial, 10,720 Soviet Jews left the Soviet Union. After the trial and until 1979, around 300,000 Soviet Jews emigrated.
From prison to freedom.
Sylva spent four years in Potma women’s penal colony and was later put in solitary confinement, after hitting another camp's inmate who made anti-semitic remarks.
On 22 August 1974, Sylva got an early release, due to a secret prisoners exchange between the Soviet government and the Israeli government who caught a Soviet spy, Yuri Linov who was exchanged for Sylva Zalmanson and Heinrich Shefter, a Bulgarian Jew, UN employee who was arrested by the Bulgarian Security Service and sentenced to death for espionage, apparently solely for the purpose of extorting Linov's release.
In Israel, Sylva worked as an engineer in the aerial industry but continued her non-stop activity for the release of her family and friends, including a 16-day hunger strike in front of the United Nations headquarters in New York in 1976, refusing to eat to the point of losing consciousness.
Most of the group, including Sylva's husband and brother were released in April 1979, due to a prisoners exchange with the American government that caught two Soviet spies in New Jersey.
Today.
Today, Sylva lives in Israel. She and Edward had a daughter and were divorced two years after his release, in 1981 without a trial.
For years, until her retirement in 2005, Sylva worked as a Mechanical Engineer. She started painting in 1992, working in acrylics, oil and mixed media. Sylva became a member of the "Painters and Sculptors Association of Israel" and has exhibited in Israel, the USA, UK, Italy, Romania, and Finland.
Sylva and Edward's only daughter, Anat Zalmanson-Kuznetsov, an Israeli Filmmaker, directed a documentary film in 2016 about their story, "Operation Wedding".

</doc>
<doc id="56865328" url="?curid=56865328" title="Ahmed Ildız">
Ahmed Ildız


</doc>
<doc id="56865331" url="?curid=56865331" title="Adobe’s Lightroom">
Adobe’s Lightroom


</doc>
<doc id="56865332" url="?curid=56865332" title="Mammendorf station">
Mammendorf station

Mammendorf station is a railway station in the municipality of Mammendorf, located in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56865333" url="?curid=56865333" title="Pai Ya-tsan">
Pai Ya-tsan

 use both this parameter and |birth_date to display the person's date of birth, date of death, and age at death) --&gt;
Pai Ya-tsan (; born 8 January 1945) is a Taiwanese political activist. During his imprisonment, Amnesty International designated Pai a prisoner of conscience.
Raised in Changhua County, Pai studied law at National Chengchi University. His political involvement began in 1969, campaigning for Huang Hsin-chieh, who won election to the Legislative Yuan. Suspected of sedition, Pai was jailed for four months in 1971, then released. In 1973, he supported a number of tangwai candidates for Taipei City Council. Pai chose to contest the legislative election of 1975, but was arrested in October for distributing campaign fliers which contained 29 questions addressed to Chiang Ching-kuo, as well as political policies suggested by Pai. The next month, he went to trial and was sentenced to life imprisonment by a military court. While imprisoned he went on hunger strikes to protest foreign policies and political repression. In February 1986, legislators Chiang Peng-chien and Fang Su-min petitioned for Pai's release. Instead, Pai's prison sentence was commuted to fifteen years upon the lifting of martial law in July 1987. Throughout the year, Pai's health continued to decline, and he was released in April 1988.
In November 2018, Pai contested the Changhua County magistracy as an independent candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="56865334" url="?curid=56865334" title="Genetic studies of Argentinians' ancestry">
Genetic studies of Argentinians' ancestry


</doc>
<doc id="56865335" url="?curid=56865335" title="Tullio Proni">
Tullio Proni

Tullio John Proni (born 18 March 1948) is an American psychologist and artist, known for producing ray guns.
Early life and career.
Proni, son of Oscar Proni and Maria Zampiera Proni, was born in Monfalcone, Italy. The family emigrated to the United States in June 1954, settling in Broward County, Florida. Tullio Proni attended Nova High School in Davie. He later graduated from the University of Miami and worked briefly for Coulter Electronics in Hialeah, Florida.
Proni moved to Kalamazoo, Michigan for graduate study in experimental psychology at Western Michigan University. There, with his adviser Ronald R. Hutchinson, he participated in a research team investigating the measurement of human anger. Proni undertook thesis work on the response of human subjects to varying rewards of money, receiving a master's degree in psychology in 1973. 
He serves as Vice President and Information Technology Director at the Foundation for Behavioral Resources, a nonprofit organization based in Augusta, Michigan that operates charter schools and daycare centers, among other activities. With other inventors, he holds a patent on tracking the progress of students through a system of programmed classroom instruction.
Ray guns and Isher Enterprises.
In 1976 Proni, a skilled machinist, began fabricating "ray guns" resembling the futuristic handguns in illustrations of science fiction stories. A typical "weapon"—decorative but not functional—was fashioned from polished, transparent acrylic plastic, which acted as a light pipe for a pulsating colored bulb. Batteries and electronics were concealed in opaque parts such as the handgrip. Some models featured audio circuits and speakers to produce an eerie warbling tone.
Proni began attending science fiction conventions, selling these weapons in their dealers' rooms alongside booksellers and jewelry vendors. In time, other members of Proni's household assisted in manufacturing products he designed. Under the name of "Isher Enterprises," his tables offered a variety of products. handguns, larger weapons, and other handmade trinkets with flashing lights or bleeping sounds. He told the "Battle Creek Enquirer": "Most of our artifacts are made from acrylic plastic, though we have literally used every material imaginable. Most of the artifacts are handguns which light up and make a ray gun sound. The light shines through the plastic, providing a translucent, icicle effect."
Isher Enterprises took its name from the Weapon Shops of Isher series, science fiction stories by A. E. van Vogt. The business also adopted the motto of the fictional Weapon Shops, "The finest energy weapons in the known universe." In later years, the business adopted the name Isher Artifacts.
The Isher table at conventions became a gathering point for other science fiction fans interested in technology. Proni collaborated on projects such as a remote-control robot fashioned from a cylindrical garbage can with a hemispherical top. With the release of "Star Wars" in 1977, public interest grew in ray guns and robots. Proni manufactured custom lightsabers. Artist Gordon Carelton said "He also made Artoo Detoo out of garbage cans. He took it to the premiere and got his picture in the papers." In Chicago, Proni was introduced to "Star Wars" actors Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford, then on a promotional tour.
Isher continued to manufacture science-fictional weapons and props for several years, selling them at conventions and by mail order. Proni frequently introduced new, more sophisticated designs. As Chris Tower wrote in the "Kalamazoo Gazette", "In stage one, he designs the gun, often on scraps of paper. In stage two, he figures out the lighting effects, mixing the integrated circuits, diodes, capacitors, resistors, and the like to get the sequencer and other effects to work. For step three, he constructs the body of the gun from aluminum, acrylic, brass, and Delrin [...] Then he tries to fit the circuit in the body casing, often 'an amusing step,' Tullio added."
In 1993, a science fiction convention in the Chicago area, DucKon 4, invited Proni to be its Scientist Guest of Honor.
Proni also co-founded General Technics, an organization of science fiction fans interested in do-it-yourself technology.
Game design and other activities.
In 1966 Proni designed "War of the Empires", a play-by-mail space opera game, called by game designer Gary Gygax "possibly the earliest science fiction wargame." Enticing prospective players, he wrote in an advertisement, "Leap into the future and command your own Space Navy! A small group is needed to defend Sol. Send qualifications but remember a good background in S. F. is needed."
"Science-fiction fans will surely recognize here some trappings of A. E. van Vogt's Isher setting," wrote game historian Jon Peterson in 2018. "War of the Empires" provides a key example of the sorts of paper-and-pencil campaigns Gygax and others were playing in the years leading up to "Dungeons &amp; Dragons"." In 1969, Gygax himself ran a revised version of Proni's game.
Proni has been involved in encouraging grade school students to explore science, founding an after-school model rocketry program.
In 2002, Proni ran unsuccessfully as a Libertarian Party candidate for the Kalamazoo County Commission District 3.

</doc>
<doc id="56865336" url="?curid=56865336" title="Adobe's Lightroom">
Adobe's Lightroom


</doc>
<doc id="56865341" url="?curid=56865341" title="Yusuf Sarı">
Yusuf Sarı


</doc>
<doc id="56865355" url="?curid=56865355" title="Ethnic groups in Mexico">
Ethnic groups in Mexico


</doc>
<doc id="56865365" url="?curid=56865365" title="Hotel Polonia Palast">
Hotel Polonia Palast

Hotel Polonia Palst is a hotel in Łódź, Poland.
History.
Hotel Palast was built in the years 1910 to 1912, at the then intersection of Dzielna and Widzewska streets. The Dobrzyński family gave the idea for the construction. The facade of the hotel was designed by Rudolf Koloch from Wrocław. The elevations had a classicist style with breaks of grooved half-columns. Allegorical figures of women in ancient costumes stood on them.
The building was very modern for its period, because it had central heating, electric light, a lift, a chemical-electric laundry, telephones, running water and extensive equipment. After World War I, the owners of the hotel were the brothers Leopold Dobrzyński and Maurycy Dobrzyński. In the 1920s, during the general overhaul, the name was changed to Polonia Palast. In 1939, the name was changed again, this time to Polonia. After the Second World War, the building was occupied by the Red Army and it set up a military hospital there.
In January 1946, the hotel was handed over to the city authorities, which subordinated it to Hotel Miejskie. The building was completely renovated in the years 1969–1972. The arcades were created along the facade of the building and the intersection of Kiliński street and Narutowicz street.
In 2009, a general renovation was completed. The façade and the interior of the building both had been renovated. In addition to restoring the old look, it was decided to return to the name Polonia Palast.

</doc>
<doc id="56865371" url="?curid=56865371" title="Ethnic groups in Mozambique">
Ethnic groups in Mozambique


</doc>
<doc id="56865375" url="?curid=56865375" title="Ethnic groups in Tunisia">
Ethnic groups in Tunisia


</doc>
<doc id="56865390" url="?curid=56865390" title="Ja'net Dubois">
Ja'net Dubois


</doc>
<doc id="56865397" url="?curid=56865397" title="Minkhaung Medaw">
Minkhaung Medaw

Minkhaung Medaw (, ) was a principal queen of King Taka Yut Pi of Hanthawaddy (Ramanya) from 1535 to 1539, and of King Min Bin of Mrauk U (Arakan) from 1540 to 1554. A daughter of King Bayin Htwe of Prome, the queen is also referred to as Pegu Mibaya and Tanzaung Mibaya in the royal chronicles.
Brief.
Early life.
The future queen was born to Prince Htwe of Prome (Pyay) and his second wife Chit Mi late 1510s. She was descended from a long line of rulers of Prome from both sides, and ultimately from King Narapati I of Ava (r. 1442–1468) from both sides. She was a granddaughter of then King of Prome, Thado Minsaw. The princess had three full siblings—an elder brother Minye Sithu (later known as King Minkhaung of Prome), a younger sister later known as Vicereine Laygyun Mibaya of Toungoo, and a younger brother who died young; and four half-siblings, including King Narapati of Prome and Vicereine Narapati Medaw of Prome. Her personal name is unknown; Minkhaung Medaw was a title (literally, "Minkhaung's Royal Younger Sister").
The princess likely grew up in Prome since her father succeeded in becoming king in 1526. In the 1530s and 1540s, the princess became involved in two marriages of state, courtesy of her two brothers.
Queen of Hanthawaddy Pegu (Ramanya).
Circa 1535, her half brother Narapati, who had succeeded their father as king since 1532, married her off to King Taka Yut Pi of Hanthawaddy Pegu. Narapati also married Taka Yut Pi's sister. The marriages were intended to cement the burgeoning alliance between Prome and Pegu. The two kingdoms had been in a low grade conflict with the upstart kingdom of Toungoo over Tharrawaddy, the southernmost district of Prome, since 1531. Her marriage to Taka Yut Pi came as the conflict had escalated to a full blown war between Toungoo and Pegu. The marriage was one of the three state marriage alliances executed by Narapati. The king of Prome, who was a vassal of Ava, also sent his full sister Narapati Medaw to marry Gov. Sithu Kyawhtin of Salin (a powerful governor and ally of Ava) to further cement the relationship with Ava, and his other half sister, Laygyun Mibaya, to marry King Tabinshwehti of Toungoo with the hope of avoiding an all out war with Toungoo.
If Narapati's marriage alliances kept Prome out of Toungoo's immediate wrath, Minkhaung Medaw's new home, Pegu (Bago), came under repeated Toungoo attacks for the next three years. In late 1538, Taka Yut Pi decided to evacuate Pegu, and the royal family of Pegu retreated to Prome. Because of her stint at Pegu, she is referred to as Pegu Mibaya (ပဲခူး မိဖုရား, ; "Queen of Pegu"). However, soon after their arrival at Prome, her husband and her brother Narapati, king of Prome, both died, one after another.
Queen of Mrauk U (Arakan).
She would not remain a widow for long. Prome was now at war with Toungoo, and the new king of Prome Minkhaung, her elder brother, sent her off to marry King Min Bin of Mrauk U in another marriage alliance 1540. At Mrauk U, she became known as Tanzaung Mibaya (တန်ဆောင်း မိဖုရား, ; "Queen of the Royal Hall").
Ancestry.
The following is the queen's ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="56865398" url="?curid=56865398" title="Administrative divisions of Papua (province)">
Administrative divisions of Papua (province)


</doc>
<doc id="56865406" url="?curid=56865406" title="Pollution of the Indus River">
Pollution of the Indus River


</doc>
<doc id="56865409" url="?curid=56865409" title="Haspelmoor">
Haspelmoor


</doc>
<doc id="56865413" url="?curid=56865413" title="Pollution in Manila">
Pollution in Manila


</doc>
<doc id="56865421" url="?curid=56865421" title="Mammendorf railway station">
Mammendorf railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56865422" url="?curid=56865422" title="Ja'net DuBois">
Ja'net DuBois


</doc>
<doc id="56865426" url="?curid=56865426" title="Fiegert">
Fiegert

Fiegert () is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56865430" url="?curid=56865430" title="HC Prerov">
HC Prerov


</doc>
<doc id="56865433" url="?curid=56865433" title="Reed Dickens">
Reed Dickens

Reed Dickens is an American Businessman and Entrepreneur based in Los Angeles. Dickens is currently the Chairman of LA Golf Partners, a holding company focused on acquiring technology, media, and consumer product companies in golf, specifically leveraging relationships with players and new consumer trends the non traditional off-course golf industry. Dickens is a former White House Assistant Press Secretary under George W. Bush, the co-founder and former CEO of Marucci Sports, a manufacturer of premium baseball products, and Co-Founder and current Chairman of EQtainment, an ed-tech and edu-media platform that teaches kids social and emotion skills via apps, games, music, and kids content.
Early life and education.
Dickens was born on December 30, 1977 in Monroe, Louisiana to Sam and Jenny Dickens. Dickens attended Louisiana Tech University and graduated from LSU Shreveport in 2000 with a bachelor's degree in Mass Communications.
After graduation, Dickens became a White House Assistant Press Secretary to Ari Fleischer under George W. Bush in 2001. From 2001 to 2004, Dickens also served as a national spokesperson for the reelection campaign.
Career.
After leaving Washington and making the move to the West Coast, Dickens founded Outside Eyes, a crisis management and public affairs firm in 2005 that advised CEOs, government officials, and celebrities during all sorts of crises ranging from indictments and investigations to mergers and shareholder battles.
Dickens served as the CEO until he sold most of the business to his partner when he launched Marucci Sports with his co-founders in 2009. From 2009 to 2012, Dickens was the first CEO of Marucci Sports (served as Chairman until 2015), where he led the acquisition of Marucci Bat Co. to build a national brand out of a niche business. His aggressive approach to consumer engagement and contrast marketing toppled Louisville Slugger as the industry leader of over 100 years. Marucci is now the manufacturer of the number one bat in Major League Baseball, as well as premium metal bats, gear and apparel for the most elite youth, senior league, college, and professional players in the game. Marucci Sports announced in March 2020 that it had struck a deal with Compass Diversified to purchase the company for $200 million.
In 2012, Dickens founded Dickens Capital Group as a vehicle to invest, advise, and sit on boards of early and growth stage companies.
In 2014, Dickens co-founded EQtainment with his wife Sofia Dickens. EQtainment is the producer of the award-winning Q Wunder app and games to teach social and emotional skills to children.
Awards.
As CEO of Marucci Sports, Dickens was profiled in "Forbes" magazine's America's Most Promising Growth Companies edition, named a top entrepreneur by "Orange Coast" magazine, and was also named to the Top 40 Under 40 by the Baton Rouge Business Report.

</doc>
<doc id="56865438" url="?curid=56865438" title="Harry Flood Byrd Sr.">
Harry Flood Byrd Sr.


</doc>
<doc id="56865439" url="?curid=56865439" title="MHC Nitra">
MHC Nitra


</doc>
<doc id="56865443" url="?curid=56865443" title="Louis I. Jaffé">
Louis I. Jaffé


</doc>
<doc id="56865449" url="?curid=56865449" title="Jørgen Bo Petersen">
Jørgen Bo Petersen

Jørgen Bo Petersen (born 11 April 1970) is a Danish former cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="56865453" url="?curid=56865453" title="Frank McGrath (Australian footballer)">
Frank McGrath (Australian footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56865456" url="?curid=56865456" title="Pollution of the Chicago River">
Pollution of the Chicago River


</doc>
<doc id="56865457" url="?curid=56865457" title="Antonin Pechanec">
Antonin Pechanec


</doc>
<doc id="56865462" url="?curid=56865462" title="Pollution of the Sargasso Sea">
Pollution of the Sargasso Sea


</doc>
<doc id="56865471" url="?curid=56865471" title="Haspelmoor station">
Haspelmoor station

Haspelmoor station is a railway station in the Haspelmoor district of the municipality of Hattenhofen, located in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56865475" url="?curid=56865475" title="Pollution of the Sacramento River">
Pollution of the Sacramento River


</doc>
<doc id="56865476" url="?curid=56865476" title="Asia Major (journal)">
Asia Major (journal)

Asia Major is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal that focuses on the history of China. From 1923 to 1933 it was based in Germany, from 1949 to 1975 in Great Britain, from 1988 to 1997 in the U.S., and since 1998 in Taiwan.
The journal was originally established in the early 1920s in Leipzig by Jewish-German Sinologist (1882–1964), but the original series ended in 1933 when he was forced to flee Germany. In 1949, he revived it in Great Britain where he emigrated to. It was edited by Walter Simon in the years 1964–75. The latest series (Third Series) was revived by Denis Twitchett at Princeton University in 1975, and in 1998 it moved to Taiwan's Academia Sinica with the support of Tu Cheng-sheng.

</doc>
<doc id="56865478" url="?curid=56865478" title="Haspelmoor railway station">
Haspelmoor railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56865482" url="?curid=56865482" title="Environmental issues in the Sacramento River">
Environmental issues in the Sacramento River


</doc>
<doc id="56865491" url="?curid=56865491" title="Pollution of the Willamette River">
Pollution of the Willamette River


</doc>
<doc id="56865497" url="?curid=56865497" title="Pollution of the Detroit River">
Pollution of the Detroit River


</doc>
<doc id="56865499" url="?curid=56865499" title="2018–19 FC Schalke 04 season">
2018–19 FC Schalke 04 season

The 2018–19 FC Schalke 04 season was the 115th season in the football club's history and 28th consecutive and 51st overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 1991. In addition to the domestic league, Schalke 04 also were participating in this season's editions of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal, and the first-tier continental cup, the UEFA Champions League. This was the 18th season for Schalke in the Veltins-Arena, located in Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia. The season covered a period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
Club.
Kit.
Supplier: Umbro / Sponsor: Gazprom
Statistics.
Squad statistics.
"Players in grey left the club during the season."

</doc>
<doc id="56865504" url="?curid=56865504" title="Pollution of the Chao Phraya River">
Pollution of the Chao Phraya River


</doc>
<doc id="56865516" url="?curid=56865516" title="Nightingale-Olympic">
Nightingale-Olympic


</doc>
<doc id="56865522" url="?curid=56865522" title="Pollution in Norilsk">
Pollution in Norilsk


</doc>
<doc id="56865524" url="?curid=56865524" title="Fine Collection ~Begin Again~">
Fine Collection ~Begin Again~


</doc>
<doc id="56865531" url="?curid=56865531" title="Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering">
Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56865539" url="?curid=56865539" title="The Pretender (2007 song)">
The Pretender (2007 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56865540" url="?curid=56865540" title="1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1963 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 26th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Kimiyo Matsuzaki and Masako Seki defeated Diane Rowe and Mary Shannon in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56865548" url="?curid=56865548" title="New England Journal of Education">
New England Journal of Education


</doc>
<doc id="56865549" url="?curid=56865549" title="Rosemary Llanchie Stevenson">
Rosemary Llanchie Stevenson


</doc>
<doc id="56865555" url="?curid=56865555" title="The Pretender (2009 song)">
The Pretender (2009 song)


</doc>
<doc id="56865561" url="?curid=56865561" title="Francis X. Coppinger">
Francis X. Coppinger

Francis X. Coppinger (born March 12, 1935) is an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1969 to 1973 and 1975 to 1977. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Massachusetts Senate in 1972, state representative in 1976, 1992, and 1995, Boston City Council in 1981 and 1983, and Suffolk County Register of Probate in 1996.
In 2012, a bridge on Park Street in the West Roxbury neighborhood of Boston was named the Honorable Francis X. Coppinger Bridge in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="56865562" url="?curid=56865562" title="Althegnenberg station">
Althegnenberg station

Althegnenberg station is a railway station in the municipality of Althegnenberg, located in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56865565" url="?curid=56865565" title="Kate Kessler">
Kate Kessler


</doc>
<doc id="56865571" url="?curid=56865571" title="Althegnenberg railway station">
Althegnenberg railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56865573" url="?curid=56865573" title="Frank McCoy">
Frank McCoy

Frank McCoy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56865576" url="?curid=56865576" title="IAAF World Championships in Athletics medal table">
IAAF World Championships in Athletics medal table


</doc>
<doc id="56865577" url="?curid=56865577" title="Kate McLaughlin">
Kate McLaughlin


</doc>
<doc id="56865579" url="?curid=56865579" title="Clinton Branch, Huron County Library">
Clinton Branch, Huron County Library

The Clinton Public Library is the local branch of the Huron County Library, located in Clinton, Ontario.
History.
The original library building was designed by local architect Joseph Ades Fowler; the design was accepted by committee "after careful consideration" in September 1897. It was originally known as Stavely Hall. "Constructed of pressed red brick and with an open entrance vestibule, Stavely Hall, when it opened in 1900, was considered the area’s best-appointed library and reading room." 
The first part of the town library was built in 1900. It is located in Library Park in Clinton, which is framed by the town hall to the south, the library to the east and commercial blocks to the west and north. The library building is of similar size and height as the town hall.
Built with money from James Stavely, a local settler, the two-storey red-brick building has a three-storey conical tower on the north-east side. The fenestration around the structure varies in shape and size; it features a bold roofline accentuated by brick banding and voussoirs. The second smaller part of the library was built with a Carnegie Foundation grant. The grant of $4,900 was received on January 6, 1915. J. Ades Fowler was the architect for the addition. The Clinton library was the only Ontario library to have an addition funded by the Carnegie Foundation.
The addition is located on the south side of the building and features a circular corner reading room, similar to the north part of the structure. "The building is a worthy example of turn of the century building, both functional and inspired in its design". The building is protected under Part IV of the "Ontario Heritage Act", since 1978.
The new annex.
A period newspaper described the opening of the new annex:
"The new Carnegie Annex of the Clinton Public Library is now being fully appreciated by the multitudes of local readers, as the splendid large stack room with its twelve hundred square feet and nearly eight thousand volumes was last week thrown open to the public. The five thousand dollar grant which was secured from Mr. Carnegie through the medium of the Clinton Board of Trade has been spent in the erection of a roomy annex, and the Library Board decided that as far as possible they would re -organize the Library throughout and adopt the most modern methods in an effort to make the Library "up-to- date," in every way. The Dewey Decimal System of cataloging and indexing has been used, also the Newark System of changing, both of which are considered the best available.
A department not generally emphasized in small libraries is the Children's Department, but in the Clinton Library special attention has been given to this and twelve hundred volumes of books specially suitable for children have been placed in a large bright room at the disposal of the children. The interior of the old Library has been re - papered, painted and furnished in harmony with the new part and a splendid new systems of lighting introduced, also a drinking fountain and lavatory has been installed. While the circulation of this library has averaged for a number of years eighteen thousand volumes, and in 1915 went as high as nineteen thousand, and which is about twice the circulation at most libraries in Ontario of this size, it is expected that because of the increased accommodation the circulation will be still further increased. Visitors and others interested in libraries claim that the Clinton library is one of the most up- to- date in the Province, and is not excelled by any town of its size. Much of the credit for the success of this institution must be given to the indefatigable President, Mr. W. Brydone, who has given an immense amount of time and thought in the creating of the library and in the completion of the new building, as well as the librarian, Miss M, Rudd, who has been most thorough In her work of rearranging the several thousand volumes."

</doc>
<doc id="56865582" url="?curid=56865582" title="Ginger Roxx">
Ginger Roxx


</doc>
<doc id="56865586" url="?curid=56865586" title="Keep it Spotless">
Keep it Spotless


</doc>
<doc id="56865595" url="?curid=56865595" title="Verlag der Asia Major">
Verlag der Asia Major


</doc>
<doc id="56865601" url="?curid=56865601" title="Samuel Siew">
Samuel Siew

Samuel Siew (Chinese: 蕭天恩; pinyin: xiāo tiān ēn) is a Malaysian professional football coach and coach educator originally from Kota Bharu, Kelantan. Based in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, he is one of the most accomplished and admired grassroots football coaches in Malaysia. Samuel holds an English FA International Coaching Licence, is a certified Premier Skills Coach Educator and a qualified Asian Football Confederation (AFC) 'C' Licence Coach.
Samuel is also the founder of Dream Village Football Academy based in Subang Jaya, Selangor, a football academy which has reached over 500 children in the Klang Valley through its weekly programmes and soccer clinics. In February 2018, Samuel was appointed Head of Grassroots at Football Association of Malaysia to pioneer its grassroots development work on a national level through football.
Biography.
Early life and career.
As a child growing up in the small town of Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Samuel loved playing football. From the age of 7, he dreamt of becoming a footballer. He picked up basketball and squash, too, but it was the team effort in football that brought him out to the field every evening. He is a strong supporter of Manchester United FC and the player he admired most while growing up was David Beckham.
In 2006, Samuel moved to Selangor to attend college at INTI International University &amp; Colleges in Subang Jaya. While studying for a computer science diploma in Network Security, it was there that his football career began. Throughout college, Samuel was captain and player of WAJA FC, a district-level football club. Together with a friend, he also founded Elastico FC, a semi-professional futsal club based in Subang Jaya for boys under-18. As captain and head coach, he led the team of 30 to train weekly, leading the club to play its first official friendly match in November 2010.
Throughout his football coaching career, Samuel launched a total of five community football and futsal programs, reaching more than 500 children living in government low-cost flats in the Klang Valley such as Kampung Muhibbah, Kampung Pandan and Angsana in USJ1.
Youth Coaching.
Asian Youth Ambassadors (2010–2013).
As a college student, Samuel was actively involved with football coaching through community projects run by Asian Youth Ambassadors, a non-governmental organization based in Subang Jaya. One of his first roles was to serve as a futsal tournament referee in PPR Kampung Muhibbah, a lower-income housing estate in Puchong, Selangor. It was his experience at Kampung Muhibbah that inspired him to take coaching beyond the community and onto a professional level.
Upon graduating from college in 2010, Samuel worked full-time as Sports Coordinator with Asian Youth Ambassadors. He was responsible for coordinating weekly futsal programmes for underprivileged youths, teaching football skills as well as developing their character and confidence. Throughout his community work, it was Samuel's belief that impacting young lives is the key to breaking the poverty cycle.
In 2011, Samuel participated in Premier Skills, a community coaching course conducted by the English Premier League and the British Council. At the end of the initiative in 2013, he was awarded the Premier Skills Coach Educator certification. That same year, his grassroots work also brought him to Pekanbaru, Indonesia to conduct soccer clinics for 150 children.
Dream Village Football Academy (2014–2017).
By the end of 2013, Sam’s work with the grassroots community in Malaysia had caught the attention of The Football Association (FA) in England. In 2014, he received a full scholarship to train at St George's Park National Football Centre in Staffordshire, England to obtain the FA's International Licence. Samuel was one of two fully sponsored participants from Southeast Asia, training alongside international coaches from 17 other countries.
That same year, he came back to Malaysia to establish Dream Village Football Academy (DVFA), a social enterprise and football academy aimed at "nurturing the dreams of young players" for boys and girls under the age of 16. As co-founder, Head Coach and Technical Director, Samuel's vision for the academy was to develop children and youths in a holistic manner and to nurture local football talents focusing on skills, character and personality.
Throughout his time at DVFA, Samuel trained more than 150 volunteer coaches and reached out to more than 500 children. In 2015, he also led a women’s coaching course in Bandar Sunway, Selangor for 22 aspiring women coaches in Malaysia. Organized by the Premier Skills initiative, the community coaching course aimed to train new coaches and strive for gender equality in football.
In 2017, DVFA under Samuel’s leadership also partnered with German football club Borussia Dortmund (BVB), a top-tier Bundesliga club to organize a 5-day BVB Evonik Soccer Camp, teaching 34 youths aged between 7-14 the ways of the German Cup champions. The camp is part of an effort to forge closer ties between Malaysian football and German football. The DFB-Pokal German Cup was accompanied by the special visit of Football legend and 1990 FIFA World Cup Winner Karl-Heinz Riedle, who inspired the youths with his story.
Football Association of Malaysia (2018–present).
In February 2018, Samuel was appointed Head of Grassroots at Football Association of Malaysia. In his new role, he will pioneer grassroots development work in Malaysia through football.
Media.
Since coming to the forefront as a national grassroots football coach, Samuel has appeared on BFM89.9, an independent business radio station in Malaysia to talk about Dream Village Football Academy (DVFA). In the interview, he elaborated on DVFA's business model of being a profitable social enterprise and its efforts to reach out to marginalized youths.
Samuel’s story was also published in the National Newspapers such as China Press newspaper and theSundaily newspaper.
Awards.
In 2017, Samuel was awarded Malaysia’s Top 10 Most Empowering Young Community Champion 2017 at the Humanitarian Conference 2017 organized by U-Schos. The award aims to recognise young Malaysians who have empowered the under-served community and improving their livelihoods.

</doc>
<doc id="56865603" url="?curid=56865603" title="Great North Air Ambulance Service">
Great North Air Ambulance Service


</doc>
<doc id="56865609" url="?curid=56865609" title="Emrullah Şalk">
Emrullah Şalk

Emrullah Şalk (born 28 July 1987) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Eyüpspor.
Professional career.
Emrullah spent the majority of his career as a reserve goalkeeper for Turkish teams in the second divisions. Emrullah made his professional debut for Balıkesirspor in a 2-0 Süper Lig win over Konyaspor on 13 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="56865619" url="?curid=56865619" title="Mitostigma gracile">
Mitostigma gracile


</doc>
<doc id="56865623" url="?curid=56865623" title="Lucie Chan">
Lucie Chan

Lucie Chan (born 1975) is a visual artist born in Guyana, who is now based in Canada. Her artwork employs various techniques including large scale drawings and installation to examine issues of identity and race.
Biography.
Chan was born in Georgetown, Guyana and later moved to Halifax, Nova Scotia in Canada. She has said she doesn't feel attached to any one culture, as she lived in Guyana then Canada, and is part Chinese, Black, East Indian and Portuguese. Chan received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the Alberta College of Art and Design and a Masters of Fine Arts from the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design in 2001. She lives and works in Vancouver, British Columbia, where she is an associate professor of drawing in Emily Carr University of Art and Design.
Awards.
She was a nominee for the Sobey Art Award in 2010.
Exhibitions.
Group exhibitions.
Lucie Chan work was exhibited in a 3-person exhibition "Drawn Positions: Geographies and Communities" at the National Gallery of Canada in 2008.
Chan and Marigold Santos collaborated to create the artist exhibition "Attachments", which was shown at the Richmond Art Gallery in 2014. Her works were part of "Assemble" in Art Gallery of Sudbury in 2016.
Curatorship.
Lucie Chan was one of the curators of 2017 Nocturne Festival, held annually in Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="56865624" url="?curid=56865624" title="Emrullah Salk">
Emrullah Salk


</doc>
<doc id="56865630" url="?curid=56865630" title="Rana Mashood Ahmad Khan">
Rana Mashood Ahmad Khan


</doc>
<doc id="56865635" url="?curid=56865635" title="Arun Mehta">
Arun Mehta

Arun Mehta is an Indian Software Developer and a disability activist. At the request of Stephen Hawking, he, along with Vickram Crishna, developed a free and open source software named eLocutor, to allow nonverbal disabled people to write and speak.
Early life.
Mehta obtained a B.Tech. degree from IIT Delhi in 1975, a master's degree in computer sciences from the Stony Brook University. After that, he worked with Siemens AG in Erlangen for three years. As a fellow of Friedrich Ebert Foundation, he joined the PhD program of the Ruhr University in 1982. After returning to India, Mehta joined Indata Com Private Limited as the Managing Director. During this time, he developed a software for early detection of Alzheimer's disease, for the University of Pittsburgh.
eLocutor.
During a tour to India in 2001, Stephen Hawking delivered lecture in an international physics conference dedicated to String theory held at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai. It was during this time, Hawking, suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, contacted Mehta and Crishna along with several other software companies to write the replacement for the software he was using for the computerised machine fixed to his wheelchair, to communicate with others. Mehta and Crishna developed eLocutor, a free and open source single-button typing and speaking software.

</doc>
<doc id="56865638" url="?curid=56865638" title="Bayerische Regiobahn">
Bayerische Regiobahn


</doc>
<doc id="56865644" url="?curid=56865644" title="Tan Book">
Tan Book

Tan Book may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56865649" url="?curid=56865649" title="Andrew Jackson (sculpture)">
Andrew Jackson (sculpture)


</doc>
<doc id="56865651" url="?curid=56865651" title="Gauss's Easter algorithm">
Gauss's Easter algorithm


</doc>
<doc id="56865655" url="?curid=56865655" title="Suffragette march">
Suffragette march


</doc>
<doc id="56865656" url="?curid=56865656" title="Mering station">
Mering station

Mering station is a railway station in the municipality of Mering, located in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Swabia, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56865660" url="?curid=56865660" title="Hand of Glory (disambiguation)">
Hand of Glory (disambiguation)

A Hand of Glory is the dried and pickled hand of a man who has been hanged.
Hand of Glory may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56865662" url="?curid=56865662" title="Jewish Nobel laureates">
Jewish Nobel laureates


</doc>
<doc id="56865664" url="?curid=56865664" title="Magda Wierzycka">
Magda Wierzycka

Magdalena Franciszka "Magda" Wierzycka (born 1969 in Gliwice, Poland) is a Polish-South African billionaire businesswoman. She is the co-founder and CEO of Sygnia Ltd, a financial services company. She is the richest woman in South Africa, and is also known for her anti-corruption activism. In 2020, the magazine Forbes listed her among "Africa's 50 Most Powerful Women".
Early life and education.
Wierzycka grew up in Jastrzębie-Zdrój, Poland where she shared a 2 bedroom flat with her sister, brother, grandmother and parents who were medical doctors. Wierzycka’s Jewish grandmother was a Holocaust survivor. With the gradual economic collapse of Poland due to political sanctions and the subsequent imposition of martial law, Wierzycka moved with her family in 1982 to Austria where they lived for a year in the Polish refugee camp at Traiskirchen. Her parents were forced to dig ditches to earn a living. Her family moved to South Africa in 1983 when she was just thirteen years old, with only USD500 in their bank account. The family settled in Sunnyside, Pretoria, where she attended Pretoria High School for Girls. Wierzycka had to learn English and Afrikaans swiftly because they are the primary media of instruction in South African schools and she spoke neither of the languages. She then attended the University of Cape Town where she graduated with a Bachelor of Business Science and a Postgraduate diploma in actuarial science in 1993 because it was the only degree for which she could receive a bursary.
Career.
While in high school Wierzycka worked at a supermarket selling cheese and cold meats. Wierzycka’s career in the financial services industry began in 1993 when she became a product development and investment actuary at the Southern Life Association for Mutual Life and Accident Insurance (now part of MMI Holdings Limited). While at Southern Life, she paid back her bursary then spent two years building an asset consulting division as an investment consultant for the retirement fund clients of Alexander Forbes. She joined Coronation Fund Managers, a third-party fund management company based in Cape Town, in 1997 as a director and Head of Institutional Business. At Coronation, she played a pivotal role in making the company one of the largest asset management firms in South Africa.
After her stint at Coronation, Wierzycka became the CEO of the African Harvest Group in 2003. In 2006, she negotiated the sale of Metallon Corporation’s African Harvest Fund Managers, a R18 billion asset management company, to Cadiz Asset Management She then led the management acquisition of the remainder of the group, which culminated in the establishment of Sygnia Asset Management, a financial technology company. Wierzycka became the company’s CEO in 2006. In a decade, she grew the company’s assets from R2 billion to R162 billion which resulted in Sygnia becoming the second largest multi-management company in the country. On 14 October 2015, Sygnia was listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. Wierzycka serves on the Africa Advisory Board of Harvard University’s Center for African Studies.
Anti-corruption activism.
Wierzycka has taken strong positions against various instances of corruption in the public and business sector, notably addressing state capture by the Gupta family and their associates; KPMG; Steinhoff International; and other corruption scandals.
Personal life.
Wierzycka lives in Cape Town and is married to Simon Peile, who co-founded Sygnia with her. They have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="56865665" url="?curid=56865665" title="Suffragette rally">
Suffragette rally


</doc>
<doc id="56865666" url="?curid=56865666" title="Cyphostemma ternatum">
Cyphostemma ternatum

Cyphostemma ternatum is a perennial climbing herb that grows up to 2m. It is edible and distributed throughout Northeast Africa to southern Arabia. "ternatum" in Latin means "arranged in threes" and alludes to the arrangement of the leaves.
Description.
"Cyphostemma ternatum" is a succulent climbing vine up to 2m tall. Leaves alternate, simple and trifoliolate up to 25 cm long x 30 cm across. Leaves are serrated with a petiole up to 5 cm long. Flowers are pale greenish yellow, 2.5-3mm long; arranged opposite the leaves in umbellate cymes. Fruit is an ovoid or globose berry, 13 x 11mm, fleshy and ripens bright red.
Habitat.
"Cyphostemma ternatum" grows at near sea level and during the monsoon season. It can be found in bushland, grasslands riparian forests.
Uses.
"Cyphostemma ternatum" is edible and the leaves were traditionally boiled into a green mush in Southern Arabia. It has a peppery and acrid taste. The fruit of the "C. ternatum" is also edible once they have ripened, but only when the pip has been removed, as the pip is quite hot. The root is edible and can be eaten raw, but is apparently improved by cooking.
In traditional herbal medicine, this plant was used to treat cases of footrot in Arabia. A poultice of juice of the cooked leaves with salt was applied to the affected part.

</doc>
<doc id="56865669" url="?curid=56865669" title="Poovaranthode">
Poovaranthode

Poovaranthode is a small village located in Kozhikode District, Kerala, India. As a hilltop village, it is one of the coolest places in the Malabar region. Poovaranthode has a generally humid tropical climate with a very hot season extending from March to May. The average annual rainfall is more than 3500  mm, the highest in Kozhikode district. Hindus, Christians, and Muslims coexist in harmony. It is an agricultural area and a large portion of its population are farmers. Nutmeg, cocoa, cashew, Banana and coconut are the major products. Nowadays people are used to doing pig farming and poultry farming too.
History.
Poovranthod is an immigrant village. The ancestors were migrants from Thiruvithamkoor. Immigration was started from Kottayam, Pala and Thodupuzha. Malabar was under the Madras Presidency in independent India. Due to the large population of Central Thiruvithamkoor during the 20th century but the extent of the agricultural land remained unchanged, many migrated to Malabar as a result of cultivation. Most of the immigrants were Syrian Christians.
Location.
Poovaranthode is situated at around 1,000 meters (3280.84 ft) above mean sea level in the Western Ghats mountain range. The place is about 48  km from Kozhikode city by road. The nearest airport is Calicut International Airport and the nearest railway station is Kozhikode railway station. The Western Ghats, meadows and waterfalls attract tourists. It is a beautiful area with a lot of fresh air and freshwater to enjoy.
Etymology.
There are many streams in Poovananthode. On the main river, there were trees which had fallen on the flowers. In the early days, the tribals had gathered at the edge of the stream and were sitting down to rest. so the name Poovaranthode is believed to mean "Floating flowers in a stream".
Landmarks.
Poovaranthode contains GLP School, St. Mary's Church, Juma masjid, Sree Udayagiri Dharmasastha Temple, Samskarika Nilayam, Vayanasala, Sisu Mandhiram, and Vanasumrashana Samadhi.
Demographics.
Christians constitute a majority of the population, followed by Muslim and Hindu communities. The majority of the inhabitants are descendants of migrants from the Southern districts of Kerala (Mid-Travancore).
Transportation.
KSRTC bus service is available for transportation to Kozhikode and Thiruvambady.

</doc>
<doc id="56865670" url="?curid=56865670" title="Suffragette demonstration">
Suffragette demonstration


</doc>
<doc id="56865671" url="?curid=56865671" title="Atheist Nobel Prize winners">
Atheist Nobel Prize winners


</doc>
<doc id="56865672" url="?curid=56865672" title="Charmaine Nelson">
Charmaine Nelson

Charmaine Andrea Nelson (born 1971) is a Canadian art historian, educator, author, and independent curator. Nelson was a Full Professor of Art History at McGill University until June 2020 when she joined NSCAD university to develop the Institute for the Study of Canadian Slavery. She is the first tenured Black professor of art history in Canada. Nelson's research interests include the visual culture of slavery, race and representation, Black Canadian studies and African Canadian history as well as critical theory, post-colonial studies, Black feminist scholarship, Transatlantic Slavery Studies, and Black Diaspora Studies. In addition to teaching and publishing in these research areas, Nelson has curated exhibitions, including at the Robert McLaughlin Gallery in Oshawa, Ontario, and the Leonard and Bina Ellen Art Gallery at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec.
Career.
After completing her BFA and MFA degrees at Concordia University, Nelson worked at the Canadian War Museum in Ottawa, Ontario. She then began her PhD at Queen's University which she completed at the University of Manchester (UK) in 2001. Before obtaining her position at McGill University, Nelson was an assistant professor at University of Western Ontario.
Throughout her career, Nelson has held several fellowships and research chairs including a Caird Senior Research Fellowship, National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, UK (2007), a Fulbright Visiting Research Chair, University of California – Santa Barbara (2010) as well as a visiting professorship in the Department of Africology at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee (2011). 
In 2015, she was an Associate Member of the Gail and Stephen A. Jarislowsky Institute for Studies in Canadian Art at Concordia University. From 2015 to 2017, Nelson was a Faculty Fellow at McGill's Institute for Public Life of the Arts and Ideas. In 2016, she was named as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, College of New Scholars, Artists, and Scientists. From 2017 to 2018, Nelson was the "William Lyon Mackenzie King Visiting Professor of Canadian Studies at Harvard University." 
In June 2020, Nelson was named as NSCAD University's Tier 1 Canada Research Chair, a funded, seven-year (renewable) position where she will continue her research on Transatlantic Black Diasporic Art and Community Engagement. In addition, Nelson will use the seven-year position to work with NSCAD to develop the Institute for the Study of Canadian Slavery.
Public Speaking.
Nelson regularly offers public presentations of her research. Some of these include:
Select Publications.
Nelson has published articles in academic journals and popular sources, including the Journal of Transatlantic Studies, The Walrus Magazine, Frieze, RACAR: revue d'art canadienne / Canadian Art Review, American Art, Topia: Canadian Journal of Cultural Studies, and HuffPost. She is author and editor of several books and has contributed chapters to numerous scholarly publications. 
Recognition.
Charmaine Nelson has received a Woman of Distinction Award from the Montreal's Women's YWCA in 2012 (Arts and Culture Category) as well as a Teaching Award from The Arts Undergraduate Society of McGill University (2016), and McGill's Faculty Award for Equity and Community Building (2016).

</doc>
<doc id="56865674" url="?curid=56865674" title="Suffragette procession">
Suffragette procession


</doc>
<doc id="56865679" url="?curid=56865679" title="I Remember You (film)">
I Remember You (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56865681" url="?curid=56865681" title="Bourbon Bowl">
Bourbon Bowl


</doc>
<doc id="56865687" url="?curid=56865687" title="Sören Jensen (rower)">
Sören Jensen (rower)


</doc>
<doc id="56865688" url="?curid=56865688" title="Jewish Nobel Prize winners">
Jewish Nobel Prize winners


</doc>
<doc id="56865689" url="?curid=56865689" title="Y Patton">
Y Patton


</doc>
<doc id="56865690" url="?curid=56865690" title="PBK-500U Drel">
PBK-500U Drel

The PBK-500U Drel is an inertial and GLONASS-guided cluster glide bomb developed by the Russian Federation, designed to destroy enemy armored vehicles and buildings. Drel is equipped with friend or foe identification system and electronic countermeasures making it resistant to jamming and radar detection and is planned to be introduced to the Russian military in 2018. Bazalt considers equipping Drel with a pulsejet engine to increase its range.

</doc>
<doc id="56865696" url="?curid=56865696" title="Prora station">
Prora station


</doc>
<doc id="56865700" url="?curid=56865700" title="Jiang Yongning">
Jiang Yongning


</doc>
<doc id="56865703" url="?curid=56865703" title="Lietzow station">
Lietzow station


</doc>
<doc id="56865706" url="?curid=56865706" title="Prora Ost station">
Prora Ost station


</doc>
<doc id="56865713" url="?curid=56865713" title="Billabong Pro Teahupoo 2017">
Billabong Pro Teahupoo 2017

The Billabong Pro Teahupoo 2017 was an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2017 World Surf League.
This event was held from 11 to 22 August at Teahupo'o, (Tahiti, French Polynesia) and opposed by 36 surfers. The winner of the competition was Julian Wilson, who defeated Gabriel Medina in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56865718" url="?curid=56865718" title="1989 Chinese protests by region">
1989 Chinese protests by region

The protests that occurred throughout the People's Republic of China in the early to middle months of 1989 mainly started out as memorials for former General Secretary Hu Yaobang. The political fall of Hu came immediately following the 1986 Chinese Student Demonstrations when he was removed by paramount leader Deng Xiaoping for being too liberal in his policies. Upon Hu's death on April 15, 1989, large gatherings of people began forming across the country. Most media attention was put onto the Beijing citizens who participated in the Tiananmen Square Protests, however, every other region in China had cities with similar demonstrations. The origins of these movements gradually became forgotten in some places and some regions began to demonstrate based on their own problems with their Provincial and Central Governments.
The protests would align at times with the largest demonstrations in Beijing, and most were affected by the military crackdown in the nation's capital. Many of the sources for these events are from leaked government documents, Chinese dissidents, or reports from foreigners who were in China at the time. The following is a list of cities by region outside of Beijing that had protests of their own.
Protests in North China.
Hohhot.
Students in Hohhot, ranging at times up to 3,000 people, started protesting between May 11 and May 14, 1989, demanding inflation control, governmental corruption reforms, and better funding for education. Many also asked for information regarding possible shady dealings being done by the region's most senior Party official, Ulanfu.
On May 19 roughly 10,000 students were still taking to the streets. By May 22 most demonstrations began to decline in numbers. Students would still remain on strike for the next four days with less than a third staying on campuses.
Anger towards Premier Li Peng once again riled students in Hohhot on May 29, and approximately 4,000 marched in the city demanding his resignation.
Students and teachers marched in a crowd of 4,000 when they heard of the June 4, massacre in Beijing. Chanting slogans about revenge, they were greeted by roughly 10,000 citizens when they reached the city's main square.
Shijiazhuang.
Shijiazhuang saw its first student demonstrations with the release of the April 26 Editorial. Four days later a report came to the central government warning that the students in the city were becoming more rebellious.
On May 17, 1989, roughly 10,000 students and 200 journalists marched in support of the Beijing students and demanded dialogue and freedom of the press. Later in the day, 5,000 broke off and were able to get into the provincial government buildings and present their petitions to the authorities. The next day, May 18, saw some government employees, medical staff, and high school students join in the protests and the total crowds of marchers and onlookers swelled to about 150,000.
Taiyuan.
Student demonstrations began in Taiyuan after the April 26 Editorial. After the failed Yuan Mu dialogue on April 29, 1989, the protests were reported to the central government as becoming more rebellious in nature on April 30.
After a declaration by Beijing student leaders on May 4 most students around the country returned for classes except for many in Taiyuan who were in the midst of protesting a remark made by a city official. Five days later approximately 5,000 students sat in near the provincial government offices demanding to talk to party official Wang Senhao after a failed dialogue on May 8.
On May 10 a major event happened when demonstrators interrupted opening ceremonies for an international economic technology conference, import-export fair, and an art and culture festival. The students’ slogans drew the interest of some of the onlookers and the total crowd is estimated to have reached 20,000. Once again demanding to meet Wang Senhao, the students went to the outside the provincial buildings and tried to enter them three times. That evening students returned to their campuses when they were promised that they would be able to meet with the governor at a later time.
The local government followed through on May 15 when, after a crowd of 10,000 had gathered once more outside of the provincial buildings. Wang Senhao and other officials met with 33 student representatives. After students made their major point, that the luxury in which the new government buildings had been suited with was a waste of money, Wang agreed to additional talks with students. This ended the demonstrations for the evening.
Three days later on May 18 roughly 230 hunger strikers had been fasting for two days and demonstrator numbers reached 30,000. That morning saw violence break out near the provincial government building when some people threw bricks at the police lightly injuring over 80 police and another 8 people. Roughly 60 people were arrested due to this. Later that day over 130,000 marchers took to the streets chanting anti-Chairman Deng Xiaoping and President Yang Shangkun slogans.
From May 20 to May 22, in reaction to the declaration of martial law in Beijing, students created propaganda teams to try an elicit additional aid from workers, with a reported 1,000 students going to a steel company to distribute pamphlets. Three days later on May 25, the first workers started to march in demand of the resignation of Li Peng.
In reaction to the crackdown in Beijing on June 4, students numbering around 4,000 marched with banners with slogans demanding justice for those killed in the nation's capital.
Tianjin.
On the evening of April 15, after the death of Hu Yaobang, approximately 2,000 students marched in mourning around the campus of Nankai University in Tianjin. On April 17 and 18, 1989, students were mostly confined to the campus of the university, however, by April 24, students at Nankai had begun to boycott classes. They marched in crowds that gathered to over 20,000 and now carried banners and signs. Large student protests occurred again to the April 26 Editorial two days later.
These student protests would carry on into the Yuan Mu debate which sparked other demonstrations across the country. According to a report the next day on April 3, more posters were seen in Nankai University after these two incidents and roughly half of the student population was now boycotting classes.
According to Robert C. Cosbey, who was teaching at Nankai in 1989, between the Yuan dialogue and May 16, some student protests managed to gather as many as 50,000 additional onlookers.
On May 25, Tianjin saw even more protests not just by students, but by intellectuals and writers. These protests were again viewed by over 50,000 onlookers.
Protests in Northeast China.
Changchun.
Some of the earliest demonstrations to have at least occurred in Changchun were in response to the April 26 Editorial. Roughly 3,000 students from Jilin University, and other universities, began to hold a sit-in demanding that officials talk with them. Eventually, the crowd was dispersed peacefully by police, party, and education officials.
After the failed dialogue between Yuan Mu and several Beijing student leaders, students in Changchun took to the streets on April 29, 1989. Students would continue to march on May 19 in numbers of around 10,000, and two days later tried to garner support from workers at a nearby automobile factory.
Changchun citizens reacted to the June 4 crackdown in Beijing by marching in numbers of around 4,000 and chanted about their shock at the violence.
Harbin.
The capital of Heilongjiang saw around 9,000 students demonstrate in front of the provincial government buildings on May 15, 1989. They declared their support for the student protests in Beijing and demanded that the governor of the province, Shao Qihui, come out to for dialogue. After a long standoff with police, the vice governor came out to try and pacify the crowd by taking the petition and said that the governor would talk with them on May 20. The students, unhappy with this, continued to demand Shao come out until he finally did. Unable to immediately appease the students, dialogue between the demonstrators and the governor went on well into the night.
After several days of continuous protesting, May 17 saw the student protesters in Harbin numbering at 25,000, nearly half of the entire student population in the city. Participants started to see the movement as more than just temporary and started to create their own autonomous student organizations and prepared for their own hunger strikes.
By May 31 things managed to settle down in the city and students started to calm down. In Heilongjiang University officials made an agreement with the student federation to continue their operation and the federation, in good will, recalled students from Beijing.
As early as the night of June 3 people in Harbin started to hear about the military crackdown in Beijing. The next day more than 7,000 protesters took to the streets mourning those that died in Beijing all the meanwhile chanting anti-Li Peng slogans.
Shenyang.
Two days after it first broadcast in Shenyang, the April 26 Editorial drew enough ire from students that the city saw its first major demonstrations. These demonstrations sparked again when the Yuan Mu dialogue was televised.
After four consecutive days of demonstrations, more than 20,000 students marched on May 17, 1989. More spectators began to watch the students as well, with nearly 10,000 onlookers in Shenyang's Zhongshan Square alone. At the end of the day, onlookers around the students at the government buildings reportedly number at around 100,000.
Protests in Northwest China.
Lanzhou.
One of the earliest instances of student protest in Lanzhou was in response to the inconclusive televised discussion between Yuan Mu and the Beijing student leaders on April 29, 1989.
On May 9 roughly 3,000 students protested after a number of dialogues that individual campuses had with party officials and demanded a unified dialogue. Reportedly around 1,000 of these students, when conducting a sit-in outside of the Gansu provincial building, tried to break into the building itself. They were stopped by several rows of police, but not before seven police officers were injured.
By May 29 around 100 students were encamped in the main square of the city but were reportedly exhausted and looked like they were going to give up.
After hearing the news about the crackdown in Beijing, more than 3,000 students and teachers began to protest again in Lazhou in the early morning of June 4. Many separate groups comprising around 1,000 people chose to protest by lying down on train tracks going out of the city to try and shut down transportation.
Ürümqi.
The city of Ürümqi saw a minor demonstration between May 11 to May 15, 1989, when over 100 uranium miners staged a sit-in, partially in support of Beijing students, but mostly over concerns about radiation sickness and the government's apathy to it. The provincial government eventually did talk to them and assuaged their worries which ended the affair with the miners going home peacefully.
When they heard of the crackdown in Beijing, about 100 students in Ürümqi conducted a sit-in outside of the government building on June 5.
Xi’an.
Official reports sent to the central government suggest that student mourning of Hu Yaobing started as early as April 15, 1989 in Xi'an. Joseph Esherick, who was teaching in Xi’an at the time, noted that students from Northwest, Shaanxi Normal, and Jiaotong universities were gathering in small groups. The next day the Shaanxi Party Committee remarked that roughly 10,000 people were gathering daily and that the crowds included not just students but workers, officials, and other residents of Xi’an. The subject matter that the marchers were discussing was also starting to include topics such as inflation, salaries, and housing problems.
On April 20 a large crowd of 10,000 students broke into the Provincial Government's Office area and demanded to talk to the governor. One of their main demands was an explanation of why Hu Yaobang had been forced to resign two years earlier. Police that had already been stationed there earlier managed to hold them off. After several hours with no dialogue, the students returned to their campuses and the remaining crowds left when it began to rain.
The April 22 Incident originally started as a gathering of roughly 40,000 people who were gathered in New City Square, outside the Provincial Government Building, to watch a live feed of Hu Yaobang's funeral. Pushing back and forth between protestors and police occurred with some of the crowd angry that they could not tell if a petition concerning Hu Yaobang's resignation was accepted by the Provincial Government. Several rocks were thrown from the crowd at the police. The police responded by hitting crowd members with leather belts. Soon after this, a police vehicle with a tarp on it was set on fire and a few hours later the front gates were as well. At some point during the day some student's wreaths were received by the government and provincial governor, Hu Zongbin, even showed up. It was around this time that police in the square became more aggressive as their members who had riot gear charged the crowd with batons. By 5 p.m. most students had left the square but many private employees who finished work were brought into the melee as they passed the square. Some reports suggest that some officers and party cadres tried to halt the violence, but they were ignored. Roughly around 7 p.m. several hundred people broke into, and burned, several buildings to the west of the provincial government. One high official from these buildings was reported to have asked the police to cease violence against the protestors. An hour later police managed to clear and close down the main square. At the same time some members of the crowd fled into a nearby clothing store. The government would later say that any police brutality that occurred in the store was in response to looters that had went in there. Although many photos and eyewitnesses attested to the violence in Xi’an on April 22, no official account acknowledges any casualties.
On April 24 another incident occurred during one of the demonstrations wherein there was reportedly “beating, smashing, robbing, and burning.” Around 270 people were taken into custody, and after preliminary interrogation, 106 were released.
An official account of the April 22 Incident was released on April 28, which downplayed the violence and causes of the incident. This caused resentment among many people throughout the city, with anti-Deng Xiaoping posters being seen on university campuses in the city.
With around 12,000 marchers on May 4, the students in Xi’an demanded the accusatory remarks made in the newspapers about the April 22 incident be redacted and that the government come to speak with the students. Shaanxi Province vice governor Sun Daren was reported to have come out and talked with some of them.
By May 17, students were again demonstrating with large posters sporting various slogans expressing their discontent, and demands, of the central government. An estimated 2,000 students departed at some point during the day by train to Beijing to join with the student movement there.
After the May 20 declaration of martial law in Beijing by the Central Government, many students in Xi’an began to return to their institutions or homes in fear of government repression. However, among the most ardent students, large protests started when rumours started floating around about several Xi’an students being killed in the nation's capital. Six days later on May 26 roughly 10,000 students rallied and called for public freedoms as well as establishing a province wide autonomous student federation.
The reactions to the June 4 crackdown in Beijing saw groups, ranging from several hundred to 2,000 participants, in Xi’an marching to express their grief. Additional demonstrations would occur over the following days and it was not until June 11 that the Xi’an government cracked down on these.
Xining.
Xining was one of two cities to have reportedly had student demonstrations during the May 3, 1989, lull. Likewise on May 5, while students around the country had started to return to class after a declaration from Beijing student leaders, those in Xining continued to stay out of class in protest of a report printed by the local newspaper.
Several weeks later on May 26, 15 students who had returned from Beijing staged their own hunger strike in front of the provincial government building in an attempt to garner more support for demonstrations.
Yinchuan.
Some of Ningxia’s first major protests to have occurred were in Yinchuan with students angrily responding to the April 26 Editorial.
On May 28 numbers dropped drastically when only 3,000 students took to the streets. A similar number of people would march again, this time with wreaths and banners, when they heard the news about the June 4 crackdown in Beijing.
East China.
Fuzhou.
On May 4 several thousand students marched through Fuzhou. The marchers carried few banners, but were heard to be chanting anti-corruption and pro-China chants. The marchers, students from Fujian Teacher's University and Fuzhou University, went to the Provincial Party Headquarters. Once there, they found the building closed off and surround by police. Although there were some brief moments of pushing back and forth between the crowd and police, most of the crowd left after a few hours without incident.
From May 16 to May 18 the demonstrations in Fuzhou increased in sizes to over 10,000 but remained peaceful.
By May 20, with the declaration of martial law in Beijing, those students in Fuzhou who were especially upset with the Central Government blocked an express train to Beijing. This crowd of approximately 1,000 also demanded to see provincial Vice-governor Chen Mingyi, but after five hours of waiting they dispersed. On May 27, a group of protesters reportedly blocked a bridge that spans the Min River for roughly one hour.
In reaction to the military crackdown in Beijing on June 4, people marched in the thousands towards Fuzhou city centre. The next day marchers became more organized with elaborate banners expressing grief.
Hangzhou.
Protests in Hangzhou were sporadic until April 27, 1989, the day after the April 26 editorial. Another large reaction by Hangzhou students to the central government was after the Yuan Mu dialogue of April 29.
May 4 saw even larger student demonstrations when around 10,000 students marched demanding liberalization of the press, controls on inflation, and the removal of corrupt officials. At the same time, Party members in Hangzhou were explicitly told not to fraternize with the students, including the offering of any food or water like other Hangzhou citizens.
Demonstrations started again on May 14 with 2,000 people also marching through to May 16 and another 40 beginning a hunger strike in solidarity with students in Beijing. By the evening of May 17 the number of hunger strikers grew to several hundred.
On May 18, officials including Party Committee Secretary Li Zemin (not to be confused with Jiang Zemin) and Governor Shen Zulun visited the hunger strikers and implored them to end their fast. The "China Daily" was reported to have said that around 100,000 people either participated in, or watched, the demonstrations.
Partially in response to the declaration of martial law in Beijing, and lack of local government action, workers began striking on May 23 and demonstrated alongside students. The same day also saw 300 students renounced their membership from the Communist Youth League by destroying their membership cards. On May 26, some city newspapers ran urgent pleas from the government for students to return to classes, but 5,000 students still went to Wulin Square and announced that they would demonstrate until the very end.
By May 27, however, most students went back to classes, with the only notable exception of many from Hangzhou University. Li Zemin would demand on June 1 that the boycotts by the students end.
Reports from Hangzhou suggest that the ordinary protests changed with the June 4 Beijing crackdown. Trains and traffic were said to have been intermittently halted due to resulting protests.
Hefei.
Some of the earliest student demonstrations to have occurred in Hefei started on the evening of April 25, 1989, with the broadcasting of the April 26 Editorial. By April 27 the demonstrations started to pick up momentum with large crowds participating.
On May 17 over 10,000 students, teachers, and writers started marching demanding internal government reform. Students from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, who had participated in the 1986 protests, also joined in saying they would be silenced no longer.
Roughly 3,000 students and 400 workers and demobilized soldiers demonstrated during a Great Chinese Protest Day demonstration on May 28. Four days later on June 1 another 1,500 students would march in a show of solidarity with students in Shanghai. On the same day another 300 would pay homage to a student who died by falling under a train on his way back from Tiananmen Square.
Jinan.
One of the earliest demonstrations reported from Jinan, which happened on April 27, 1989, was due to the April 26 Editorial. By at least May 18 thousands were marching in Jinan in support of the Beijing students and demonstrated about problems in their own province.
On May 24 for the first time in the city roughly 1,000 workers went on strike. A day later an estimated 10,000 students, workers, and citizens marched. May 25, also saw students try to force their way onto trains that were now off limits to them.
On June 4 over 4,000 students marched in Jinan holding wreaths and mourned for the deaths in Beijing. Reportedly, they painted anti-Li Peng slogans on public transport vehicles like buses.
Nanjing.
April 17, 1989, saw a petition to the police from roughly 10,000 students from different campuses across Nanjing for permission to march in mourning of Hu Yaobang’s death. The police response was to ask students to not to protest citing difficulty in maintaining public order. Although the students acquiesced to this, the Public Security Department still expected demonstrations to occur.
By April 20 students began blocking traffic and espousing radical ideas unrelated to Hu's death. The Jiangsu Party Committee filed a series of reports mentioning the students moving to the Bell Tower Square and demanding that their movement be recognized as patriotic and that officials do something about corruption and government transparency.
People began demonstrating in larger crowds after the release of the April 26 Editorial. By May 19 over 10,000 protesters were marching in the streets of Nanjing. Two days later workers from the nearby Nanjing Rubber Plant announced a strike, and journalists and teachers joined the protesting students.
Nanjing saw over 30,000 demonstrators turn out on May 28 whose targets were Deng Xiaoping and Premier Li Peng.
Nanchang.
While most other cities were in a lull during the student movements, Nanchang students continued demonstrating into May 3, 1989. Over 10,000 students would march again on May 19.
Around 2,000 students would march after they heard about the June 4 crackdown in Beijing. They carried banners and chanted slogans on subjects about revenge and condemning Li Peng.
Shanghai.
On April 17, 1989, small posters related to Hu Yaobang's death started to show up around Shanghai university campuses. During the next day several impromptu groups comprising thousands of students started to publicly mourn Hu. One group went so far as to demand to meet officials of the municipal government but ended up unsuccessful.
Until April 23 most student activity had been relatively lax, but after incident in which Qin Benli of the newspaper the "World Economic Forum" published unedited accounts from the leadership in Shanghai, students and journalists became more agitated.
Large protests in Shanghai occurred after the publication of the April 26 Editorial and would continue well through the Yuan Mu dialogue of April 29.
After having taken a break, on May 2 the students in Shanghai marched on towards the People's Square in crowds that roughly conjoined into one of roughly 7,000. While in the square the students conducted sit-ins, heard and made speeches, and signed petitions to the cities leadership. After police barred bystanders from entering the Square, the students then moved onto the Bund where their numbers swelled to about 8,000 and where they also conducted a sit-in that lasted into the late evening.
Two days later, on the seventieth anniversary of the May Fourth Movement, 8,000 Shanghai students again led a sit-in in front of the Municipal Government asking for dialogue. The pamphlets and handbills they circulated reportedly also garnered support from many citizens.
On May 16 over 4,000 students from 12 different universities went to the municipal government buildings and began a sit-in demanding the resignation of Jiang Zemin. They also continued with previous slogans and presented new demands to the government which included recognizing the student movement as patriotic, agree to not punish any demonstrators, to reinstate Qin Benli at the Herald, and for open dialogue between student representatives and the government on an equal footing. With the threat of even larger protests, the municipal leadership agreed to meet with student leaders the next day. By the morning May 17, with no dialogue having happened yet, 200 students remained at the sit-in and around 40 followed the students in Beijing's example and began their own hunger strike. Later that day, more than 23,000 protesters assembled outside of the government buildings, with an additional 60 hunger strikers. Dialogue between the students and government were boycotted by many because the student representatives were from official organizations and not the autonomous ones created by the students. Likewise, there was discontent when Jiang Zemin did not attend the dialogue and the following day would see over 100,000 citizens, including writers and workers, march in support of the students.
In response to the declaration of martial law in Beijing, more than 20,000 students, factory workers, and intellectuals marched in the rain to protest. Three days later on May 23 roughly 55,000 marched in Shanghai with non-students coming into university campuses and students going to workplaces to lecture.
Upon hearing the news of the June 4 crackdown in Beijing, Shanghai students protested in the streets and reportedly blocked off 42 areas. Throughout the day they put up roadblocks and shouted angry speeches.
Protests in South Central China.
Changsha.
During a student demonstration on April 22, 1989, disorder occurred in Changsha when roughly 20 shops were looted resulting in the detention of 96 people. April 24 saw students putting up posters with anti-Deng Xiaoping slogans around universities in the city, including Hunan Normal University. A day later on April 25 the police arrested 138 people for violence including “beating, smashing, and robbing.” Later that night, with the broadcasting of the April 26 Editorial, new demonstrations broke out that would grow larger by April 27.
Demonstrations continued in response to the poorly received Yuan Mu dialogue on April 29. By May 4, roughly 6,000 students in Changsha handed out letters to people asking for the support of farmers, workers, and entrepreneurs.
Hunger strikes in Changsha are reported to have started as early as May 13.
On May 19 students from Changsha University continued demonstrating and numbers from other colleges and high schools totaled the crowd between 20,000 and 30,000. Out of 300 students who were hunger striking, 26 fainted by midday and one student is reported to have tried committing suicide by banging his head against a wall.
June 1 also saw another 300 students go to the government building and commence a hunger strike. Around 500 students would march towards the train station on June 4 when they heard about the military crackdown in Beijing. That night they stopped locomotives from moving and placed wreaths mourning the students killed in Beijing around the station.
Shaoyang.
Things remained relatively calm in Shaoyang during the early parts of the student demonstrations even though things were picking up in the provincial capital, Changsha. The first demonstrations in Shaoyang to have happened were due to the publication of the April 26 Editorial.
By May 19, 1989, more than 10,000 demonstrators and onlookers took to the cities square. Incidents of property damage reportedly occurred and some even tried to break into the municipal building by destroying windows and the front gate. About 45 were arrested with 12 immediately being let go. None of the vandals that participated were students.
Wuhan.
Between April 19 and 22, 1989, reports started to come to the central government from the Hubei Party Committee describing that the student demonstrations occurring in the city were becoming increasingly political.
Major demonstrations began in Wuhan when the central government broadcast its April 26 Editorial. These demonstrations turned into protests on and off of Wuhan campuses after the broadcast of the Yuan Mu dialogue on April 29.
On May 4, an estimated 10,000 students marched and demanded inflation control and voiced their opposition to bureaucratic corruption in government. Likewise, on May 18, thousands continued to take to the streets.
After hearing the news of the crackdown in Beijing on June 4, more than 10,000 students from universities across the city marched. They blocked off the main roads between Wuhan, Wuchang, and Hanyang as well as blocked off the railroad tracks of the Beijing-Guangzhou line.
Protests in Southwest China.
Chengdu.
For the demonstrations in Chengdu see: Chengdu protests of 1989. 
Chongqing.
Some unrest began in Chongqing on university campuses after the news of Hu Yaobang's death was announced. Large outdoor demonstrations developed in Chongqing at least as early as the publication of the April 26 Editorial. These demonstrations would continue with the televised dialogue between Yuan Mu and the Beijing student leaders on April 29, 1989.
The May 4 demonstrations in Chongqing saw 7,000 people stage a sit-in at municipal government buildings asking for the government to acknowledge their movement as legitimate and also ask for fair treatment in the media. On the same day the organization between student protesters broke down as two non-students who had returned from Beijing with news were ousted as lay workers. Between May 17 and May 19, roughly 10,000 people demonstrated and at least 82 are thought to have started their own hunger strike. This would, however, started to fracture as tired students who flagged down rides back to campuses caused major traffic congestion and ordinary people began worrying about food shortages caused by the demonstrations.
From May 3 to May 20 fourteen people were reported by the "Chongqing Ribao" to have been arrested, although this number may be higher.
On May 20, city officials acceded to having a dialogue with demonstration leaders, but with factionalism and the hastiness of the meeting, nothing came of it. Over 20,000 demonstrators marched in the streets of Chongqing on May 23.
In response to the Beijing crackdown on June 4, many students in Chongqing started additional boycott class movements. People from all walks of life blocked roads, trains, and even overturned vehicles in the city. For two days the city was essentially paralyzed, although on the night of June 5 some officials were able to negotiate a dispersal of the protesters blocking the railways. Most traffic in the city would start to resume the following day.
Guiyang.
Guiyang saw some of its major student protests happen on the early morning of May 18, 1989, when 3,000 saw some of their cohort off at the train headed for Beijing. Later, 2,000 of the students moved to the provincial government building chanting slogans and criticizing the province's lack of financial development. In the afternoon, after earlier being deterred by the police, roughly 4,500 students marched again outside the provincial building and demanded objective news coverage of their movement as well as transportation for those students who wished to go to Beijing. The government, reportedly at a loss as to what to do, ordered several thousand box dinners and decided to try and wait the students out. By the evening 2,000 students were still waiting with a police estimate of 100,000 onlookers as well.
Over 1,000 students in Guiyang would protest on June 4 after hearing about the crackdown in Beijing. They laid wreathes in the city square and some even called on people to riot against the government.

</doc>
<doc id="56865723" url="?curid=56865723" title="I Want to Go Home (film)">
I Want to Go Home (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56865730" url="?curid=56865730" title="Women in Focus">
Women in Focus

Women in Focus (WIF) was a feminist film and video distribution centre and gallery based in Vancouver, Canada. It operated from 1974 to 1992.
History.
Women in Focus was founded in September, 1974 and was originally based out of and funded by the University of British Columbia. Its original mandate was to "produce feminist video and film" as an "alternative to male-defined images of women was long overdue." In addition to producing a number of films and videos, including such notable titles as "Fashion as a Social Control" (1976) and "Rape is a Social Disease" (1975), WIF acted as a distributor of Canadian and International film and video made by women. The centre also operated a rental library of production and post-production materials, available to members of Women in Focus, and regularly organized workshops, screenings, trainings and conferences open to both members and the general public. From 1978 until 1986 Women in Focus hosted ephemeral visual arts programming in a variety of gallery spaces across Vancouver. In 1986 the Floating Curatorial Gallery, later called the Lateral Gallery, was founded and hosted year-round exhibitions.
Women in Focus was very active in policy making at the regional and national level, and participated in the National Action Committee on the Status of Women Comité canadien. Marion Barling, and as a result, Women in Focus, took a very strong anti-pornography stance, citing the perceived impossible reconciliation between feminism and porn.
In 1989, Women in Focus was one of the sponsors of In Visible Colours, a ground-breaking international film and video festival made for and by women of colour and third world women. It also had a multi-day symposium on race and gender in the arts. In Visible Colours jumpstarted a national discussion around identity politics that continues to deeply affect Canadian cultural production and funding.
Though In Visible Colours concluded as a successful festival with big surplus, there was a rupture between In Visible Colours and Women in Focus leading to court litigation and subsequent dissolution. Nancy Pollock of Kinesis has done extensive reportage of this phase leading to the court decision in favour of In Visible Colours. In Visible Colours' first board of directors released a press statement highlighting the Court decision in their favour. The collapse of both these organizations in 1992 marked an end to the Vancouver’s women’s art community era.
The Women In Focus media collection, distribution records, print library, and assorted materials, were deposited with VIVO Media Arts Centre (then Video In) on their dissolution. Researchers can access these materials at VIVO's Crista Dahl Media Library &amp; Archive.
Notable members.
Notable members of Women in Focus include original founders Jeanette A. Auger, Yvette Perreault, Nicola Sumners, Corinne Angell, Judy Morton and Marion Barling as well as Susan Moore, Jill Pollack, Julie Warren, Zainub Verjee, Michelle Nickel, Kem Windwraith, Venge Dixon, Sharon Costello, Judy Hayward, Syvi Kristman, and Marion Dodds.

</doc>
<doc id="56865731" url="?curid=56865731" title="Financial Mark. Portfolio Manag.">
Financial Mark. Portfolio Manag.


</doc>
<doc id="56865733" url="?curid=56865733" title="Financial Mark Portfolio Manag">
Financial Mark Portfolio Manag


</doc>
<doc id="56865735" url="?curid=56865735" title="Ital Am">
Ital Am


</doc>
<doc id="56865736" url="?curid=56865736" title="Ital. Am.">
Ital. Am.


</doc>
<doc id="56865739" url="?curid=56865739" title="Italian Am.">
Italian Am.


</doc>
<doc id="56865740" url="?curid=56865740" title="Italian Am">
Italian Am


</doc>
<doc id="56865742" url="?curid=56865742" title="Copped Hall, Totteridge">
Copped Hall, Totteridge


</doc>
<doc id="56865743" url="?curid=56865743" title="Law Justice">
Law Justice


</doc>
<doc id="56865744" url="?curid=56865744" title="Cen Huaiguang">
Cen Huaiguang


</doc>
<doc id="56865746" url="?curid=56865746" title="Trusts Trustees">
Trusts Trustees


</doc>
<doc id="56865752" url="?curid=56865752" title="2018 Bombardier Challenger 604 crash">
2018 Bombardier Challenger 604 crash


</doc>
<doc id="56865754" url="?curid=56865754" title="Tessin station">
Tessin station

Tessin station is a railway station in the town of Tessin, located in the district of Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56865758" url="?curid=56865758" title="Yang Ruihua">
Yang Ruihua


</doc>
<doc id="56865762" url="?curid=56865762" title="Elizabeth Murray (painter)">
Elizabeth Murray (painter)

Elizabeth Murray (1815 – 8 December 1882), born Elizabeth Heaphy, was a British watercolourist. She primarily painted portraits and landscapes of the Canary Islands, where she lived for ten years. She was a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, and she founded the Society of Female Artists in London.
Murray's father was Thomas Heaphy, also a watercolour painter. She first learned to paint from him, and they travelled and painted together. She continued to travel and live across the world, and paint scenes and portraits from these places: in particular, Rome, Morocco, the Canary Islands (particularly Tenerife), and New England. She married Henry John Murray, a British consul whom she met when living in Morocco, and moved with him as he was assigned to the Canary Islands.
In 1859, Murray published a two-volume monograph, "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands." This was received negatively in the Canary Islands because of its criticism of Canarian society, Spanish officials, and its comments about the decline of Tenerife. Possibly because of the resultant animosity towards the Murrays, her husband requested to be transferred to a new location, and in 1860 they moved to Portland, Maine in the United States where he took up a new consulate position.
Biography.
Elizabeth Heaphy was born in 1815 in London to Mary Stevenson and Thomas Heaphy. Thomas Heaphy was a prolific watercolour painter and a founding member of the Royal Society of British Artists. He primarily painted battle scenes and portraits of officers, such as the one he painted of Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington.
Heaphy grew up in an environment that allowed her to cultivate her artistic abilities. She played with her father's anatomical figures, and began to study and practice drawing with them. Around 1820, when she was five years old, her mother died.
Heaphy had four siblings: Thomas and Mary Ann, who were also both painters, Charles, an explorer and soldier, and another sister whose name is unknown.
Stay in Rome (1831).
In 1831, Heaphy moved to Rome along with her father and her brother Thomas. She developed her painting skills here, influenced by the atmosphere of the city. Her work drew the attention of French painter Horace Vernet, who was surprised with her ability and became interested in her studies. However, Vernet returned to France on 1 January 1835 at the request of King Louis Philippe I, who wanted him to paint the Palace of Versailles.
During her stay in Rome, where she became known as the "petite anglaise" (little Englishwoman), she painted ancient sculptures and scenes of everyday life.
Return to England.
On her return trip to England, Heaphy and her father stopped in Cambrai, France. Finding the city beautiful, she sat down to paint and attracted the attention of a crowd. However when she finished her painting, she was accused of being a spy and taken to prison. She left prison after a few hours and was placed under surveillance at a hotel while her father's coach was searched. When the French authorities didn't find any papers related to political affairs, Heaphy and her father were released. They were invited to paint the fortresses within the city, but her father refused and they left the city.
Stay in Morocco (1842–1850).
During her time in Morocco, Elizabeth became fascinated by the Moroccan landscape, the souq, and the local women. This became the first volume of her work "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands", in which she described Morocco and her adventures. She had decorated her home "in a Moorish–English mix", and called it her "dollhouse". It had a large patio, and a fresco depicting flowers and birds. During the French bombing of Morocco, there was a period of time where she converted it into a merchandise warehouse.
In 1846, Heaphy married Henry John Murray, a British consul in Tangier. From that time on, she would move along with her husband as a part of his work with the consulate. After her marriage she began to sign her paintings as "Elizabeth Murray" instead of "E. Heaphy".
In 1849, Richard Bartlett, the British consul general in the Canary Islands, died. As a result, Henry John Murray was appointed by the Queen as British consul general to the Canary Islands on 23 August 1850.
Stay in Tenerife (1850–1859).
On their way to the Canary Islands, the Murrays passed through Andalusia, where they visited Cádiz and Seville. While in Andalusia she began to take interest in the paintings of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, for whom she began to feel "a great predilection". She also marvelled at the Seville Cathedral. On her journey to the Canary Islands, she studied the other passengers and painted some of them. When she was 120 miles from Tenerife, she was able to see Mount Teide, and her first impression was full of imagination because of its splendour and characteristics:
She arrived in Tenerife on 23 August 1850 on the warship "Hibernia". She travelled around the entire island, noting her observations for her monograph and painting both landscapes and everyday life.
In her monograph she rarely mentions her husband, saying he is sometimes very busy and that this is why she spent large amounts of time in the countryside. He was very good at his job, both for Britain and the Canary Islands, for whom he offered all his help when they were enduring periods of economic difficulty. However, surviving newspapers that mention the Murrays' presence focus on Elizabeth and her works, not her husband.
The first place that Murray visited was La Matanza de Acentejo, where she stayed in a house where she could see Teide, describing the town as providing perhaps the best view of the volcano than anywhere else on the island. She also stayed in places including La Orotava and Puerto de la Cruz. She travelled to Gran Canaria with a group of Englishmen, describing Las Palmas as sad and uninteresting but its inhabitants as kind and pleasant.
During one of her trips to London, Murray founded The Society of Female Artists. Some years before this, she was named a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours.
Involvement with the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Miguel Arcángel.
On 31 October 1849, Queen Isabella II decreed the creation of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Miguel Arcángel (RACBA; the Royal Academy of Fine Arts of San Miguel Arcángel), headquartered in the capital city Santa Cruz de Tenerife. Seven months later, in May 1850, Murray was named Honorary Academic of RACBA and became fully involved in the Academy's activities. She participated in all exhibitions between 1850 and 1856, and became well-recognised for her work. In her first exhibitions she showed paintings of the places she had visited such as Greece, Morocco, and Seville; later she exhibited her paintings of the Canarian landscape and the people in Tenerife.
Murray introduced the watercolour technique in the Canary Islands. Her works depicting the Canary Island landscapes stood out, although she mostly devoted herself to portraiture. Her passion for architecture led her to study and paint the architecture of the Canary Islands, such as the Augustinian convents in Los Realejos and Icod de los Vinos, and the towers of the Church of La Concepción and of Santo Domingo.
Friendship with the Diston family.
The Murrays were close friends with the Diston family. Alfred Diston was born on 8 January 1793 in Lowestoft, England and arrived in the commercial centre of Puerto de la Cruz in Tenerife in 1810. Here he married María Soledad de Orea, with whom he had a daughter, Soledad "Solita" Diston y Orea. He was named an Honorary Academic of RACBA on 24 October 1851, possibly sponsored by French naturalist and ethnologist Sabin Berthelot. 
His relationship with the Murray family is reflected in Diston's diaries. Elizabeth Murray also painted a portrait of Diston and was in charge of his daughter Solita's artistic education. Solita's first exhibition was with RACBA in 1854, and she later went to England with Murray to continue her studies.
Description and criticism of Canarian society (1859).
In 1859, Murray published her monograph "Sixteen Years of an Artist's Life in Morocco, Spain, and the Canary Islands". In it she described Canarian society at that time and explained some questions regarding her artwork and the representation of said society. Alfred Diston's contribution to support Murray, "Notes furnished Mrs. Murray for her intended work on these islands", was very important. Its description was historically and culturally significant with regards to the festivities, customs, and folklore of the islands, as well as demographic data and descriptions of the cities.
However, society disapproved of Murray's work because of her criticism of Canarian society; for her references to Spanish officials, whom she described as negligent and dishonest; and for her comments about the decline of Tenerife.
Her monograph, which was written in English, was publicised in the Canarian press and immediately received negative reviews. Criticism was published in "El Omnibus", a literary review and news publication from Las Palmas, but became more intense when "El Eco del Comercio" translated to Spanish and published some of her chapters referring to the Canary Islands. From this point on, her fame began to decline and she stopped being accepted in artistic circles.
The Murrays' decline in popularity as a result of the monograph's publication is possibly why Consul Murray requested to be transferred to a new location. On 3 March 1860, he was assigned to the American states of Maine and New Hampshire, and the Murrays moved to Portland, Maine.
Stay in Portland (1860–1876).
Murray was very active during the sixteen years she lived in the United States. She is mentioned in Portland, Maine periodicals like the "Portland Daily Press" and "Northern Monthly" by critics like John Neal, and in works like "Portland and Vicinity" by Edward H. Elwell. 
Murray also resumed writing, although she stopped writing about her travels and instead wrote about more technical questions about painting with watercolours. Her work culminated in writing "The Modern System of Painting in Watercolour from the Living Model". Historian José Luis García Pérez has considered two possible reasons for her change in writing style: the fear of making new enemies as a result of her writing, and the absence of the type of exoticism she found in Morocco and Spain; he favours the latter hypothesis.
Later years.
On 8 May 1876, Henry Murray was assigned to Buenos Aires. However, historian José Luis García Pérez has pointed out that the only evidence of this assignment is the official registration of his destination by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. On 1 October 1879, Henry Murray retired from his diplomatic duties. Elizabeth Murray died on 8 December 1882 in San Remo, although there is also a source saying she died in February 1882.
Artwork.
Murray primarily worked in watercolour to paint portraits, miniatures, and landscapes featuring Mediterranean and Orientalist themes. Her early work was clearly influenced by her father, Thomas Heaphy; after his death she expanded her artistic style to include landscapes from her trips to Morocco, Andalusia, and the Canary Islands. Her paintings are Romantic, with Victorian brushstrokes.
Artistic context: Romantic and Victorian.
Romanticism was a cultural movement that not only sought to break away from classicism and rococo, but was also a movement in opposition to the ideas of the Enlightenment (such as rationalism) and principles such as order, calm, and harmony. It emphasised individualism and the subjective.
English painters painted the geography of other regions and ancient cities, usually medieval. Many English painters who were on their way to other parts of Europe, such as Switzerland or Italy, settled in France. Although Murray didn't settle in France, she did travel through the country when travelling to and from Italy. However, Murray practiced painting landscapes primarily when she stayed in Morocco and the Canary Islands. During her time in Spain she felt especially attracted to Seville, as did Richard Ford, a traveller and Hispanist who wrote about his travels in Spain and possibly gave Murray the idea to write about her trips. Murray was part of a group of travellers who, like herself, described Spain as a country with a lot of fervour and vitality, even as it was impacted by apathy and backwardness. These travellers and their romantic spirit helped to develop a romantic image of Spain.
Influences.
Murray's primary influence was that of her father, Thomas Heaphy, a great portrait painter who used precise strokes to paint realistic faces of the people he was portraying. During her stay in Rome under the tutelage of Horace Vernet, Murray improved her skills and learned a good sense of composition.
She was also influenced by Bartolomé Esteban Murillo, who she admits to admiring in her monograph. She went on to copy one of his paintings, "La visión de San Antonio de Padua", which was exhibited at the Academia de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1850.
Technique and materials.
Murray primarily worked with watercolours. Watercolour began to be used in England at the beginning of the 18th century, using the "traditional English method" which consisted of superimposing fine layers of carefully mixed colours to create the intended effects of colour and depth. However, Murray didn't use the traditional methods, but instead usually used the gouache technique in her works. Her works stand out for their colourful palette, in which she abundantly used chestnut, blue, violet, pink, black, scarlet, and gold, as well as olive and tar colours applied in bright and intense shades. Her portraits were highly accurate and delicate.
Composition.
Murray created portraits with the same style, especially across gender. She looked for parallelism around a vertical axis, but did not look for perspective. In some portraits she used foreshortening, such as in "Beggars at a church door at Rome." In some of her works, Murray uses up to eight different people in the parallels she establishes; in this sense she differs from her father, as he used a greater number of subjects in his paintings. The colours and tonalities in her paintings are similar to those of her father's.
Works.
José Luis García Pérez has pointed out that it is difficult to know the exact dates Murray's paintings were created, and that because of her travels it is likely she sketched the initial drawings and then took more time to finish them. Many of the dates of her paintings refer to the year they were exhibited—when she arrived in a new place she tended to exhibit work from where she had previously been, so when she arrived in the Canary Islands she exhibited work with Greek and Moroccan themes, and when she arrived in Portland she exhibited her work related to Spain.
Murray created around 85 pieces that can be divided into three groups: portraits, which were the highlights of her artwork; general scenes; and landscapes.
Disciples.
Murray's constant moves prevented her from having a large number of disciples. There is no record of her having any disciples during her time in Morocco. During her ten years in the Canary Islands, she had two pupils: Soledad Diston and Juan B. Fierro Van de Walle Fierro y Valcarcel. Murray also had a group of American disciples during her time in Portland.
Soledad Diston y Orea.
Soledad Diston, also known as Solita, was born on 2 November 1837 in Puerto de la Cruz. She was the daughter of Alfred Diston and María de la Soledad de Orea. She was 13 years old when Murray arrived in the Canary Islands. The quick friendship between the Murrays and Distons meant that Soledad's first artistic endeavours were under the tutelage of Elizabeth Murray. She even travelled with Murray to Tenerife to continue her studies.
In 1854, Soledad Diston joined Murray in an exhibition at the Academia de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife. She also created a floral tapestry to adorn the church in the port of La Orotava during the Feast of Corpus Christi on 29 May 1856.
Most of Diston's works were portraits that accurately captured peoples' faces. Among them are "Retrato de San Juan Nepomuceno"; one of her brother, "Francisco Diston y Orea"; one of her maternal grandmother, "Doña Francisca de Luna y Médicis de Orea; Daniel Tierney; Doña Fanny Hamilton y Edwards; Don Juan N. Verdugo y Dapelo;" and "Don Pedro Grijalba". However, her artistic career was not very long; it was interrupted by her marriage, during which she didn't continue her art.
Juan B. Fierro y Van de Walle Fierro y Valcárcel
Juan B. Fierro y Van de Walle Fierro y Valcárcel was born in Santa Cruz de La Palma on 8 May 1841. He was captain of the island militias and deputy of the island of La Palma on several occasions. He was also the director of La Cosmológica, a scientific society founded in the last quarter of the 19th century during a time when many such societies were being founded in the Canary Islands, such as the Museo Etnográfico y de Historia Natural (Ethnographic and Natural History Museum) which was founded in 1881.
Researcher José Luis García Pérez attests that he was a disciple of Murray through the artist's grandson, who owns Murray's painting "La Odalisca". Fierro created a large number of costumbrista paintings, and watercolours of the typical clothing in La Palma. The latter are reminiscent of Diston's work, but with stronger colours and poorly-drawn faces. Fierro also practiced caricature and painting on photographs. Four of his most notable paintings are "Puerto de Santa Cruz de La Palma", painted 2 May 1876; "Rada de Santa Cruz de La Palma", from 1883; "La Plaza de Santo Domingo en Santa Cruz de la Palma", from 1891; and the portrait "D. Félix Poggio y Lugo".
Fierro died on 2 November 1930 in his hometown, at the age of 89.
American disciples.
Murray arrived in the United States at the time when watercolour and gouache were gaining interest from young artists. The geographical separation of the American continent and Europe affected the development of artists and their work; the arrival of foreign artists encouraged their development, and they began to see nature through the eyes of their teachers. Murray's exhibits in academies and artistic societies were among the things that encouraged these artists; additionally, they were surrounded by a group of painters who opened studios to teach. Murray also published "The Modern System of Painting in Watercolour from the Living Model" in 1865, into which she poured all of her experience.
Two of Murray's American students stand out in particular: Julia C. Furbish in 1864, and Mary Rolfe in 1869. Furbish was successful in the Boston area, and specialised in portraiture. She created a copy of Murray's "The Gipsy Cigar Girl", which was quite successful. Rolfe learned to use Murray's painting technique and to use colours like olive; additionally, she was primarily focused on the faces of those she portrayed. Her work "Egiptian Girl" exhibited with great success at Hale's Art Gallery in 1869. The later trajectory of these two artists, however, is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="56865764" url="?curid=56865764" title="Fiction Int">
Fiction Int


</doc>
<doc id="56865765" url="?curid=56865765" title="Fiction Int.">
Fiction Int.


</doc>
<doc id="56865767" url="?curid=56865767" title="Karbala International Stadium">
Karbala International Stadium


</doc>
<doc id="56865768" url="?curid=56865768" title="Fides Hist">
Fides Hist


</doc>
<doc id="56865769" url="?curid=56865769" title="Fides Hist.">
Fides Hist.


</doc>
<doc id="56865771" url="?curid=56865771" title="Film Q">
Film Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865772" url="?curid=56865772" title="Film Q.">
Film Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865774" url="?curid=56865774" title="Film-Philos">
Film-Philos


</doc>
<doc id="56865775" url="?curid=56865775" title="Film-Philos.">
Film-Philos.


</doc>
<doc id="56865783" url="?curid=56865783" title="Filos čas">
Filos čas


</doc>
<doc id="56865784" url="?curid=56865784" title="Zhuang Jiafu">
Zhuang Jiafu


</doc>
<doc id="56865785" url="?curid=56865785" title="Filos. čas.">
Filos. čas.


</doc>
<doc id="56865787" url="?curid=56865787" title="Telephone numbers in the USA">
Telephone numbers in the USA


</doc>
<doc id="56865792" url="?curid=56865792" title="Filson Club Hist Q">
Filson Club Hist Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865793" url="?curid=56865793" title="Filson Club Hist. Q.">
Filson Club Hist. Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865795" url="?curid=56865795" title="Telephone numbers in USA">
Telephone numbers in USA


</doc>
<doc id="56865797" url="?curid=56865797" title="Largs Campus">
Largs Campus

Largs Campus is an amalgamation of Secondary, Early Years and Primary schools which includes; Largs Academy, Largs Primary, St Mary's Primary and Largs Early Years. It opened in March 2018, serving the towns of Largs, Fairlie, Skelmorlie and the island of Cumbrae, the academy takes placement requests from across Scotland, from places such as West Kilbride, Beith and Renfrewshire. The campus is in partnership with SportsScotland, providing what is believed to be the largest Fitness and Sports gym in the United Kingdom.
Early Years.
Work on the Campus began in August 2016 with a budget of £52 million in partnership with North Ayrshire Council, Hub South West and Morrison Construction. The state of the art facility will support more than 2,000 students ranging from age 3 to 18, merging Brisbane and Kelburn Primary into Largs Primary as well as including St Mary's Primary School, Largs Academy and an Early Years Nursery.
Largs Primary, St Mary's Primary and Early Years nurseries moved into the new Campus March 12, 2018, with Largs Academy moving on April 18, 2018.
The Academy departments.
The Academy has 2 main buildings, the North Building and South Building. The North Building houses the Art, Modern Languages &amp; RE , Social Subjects, English, Drama, Physical Education, Home Economics and Textiles and the Design and Technology departments. The south building houses Maths, Science and the school offices.
Feeder schools.
Largs Campus’ feeder schools are Cumbrae Primary School, Fairlie Primary School, Largs Primary, St Mary's Primary and Skelmorlie Primary School. 

</doc>
<doc id="56865798" url="?curid=56865798" title="Fire Technol">
Fire Technol


</doc>
<doc id="56865799" url="?curid=56865799" title="Fire Technol.">
Fire Technol.


</doc>
<doc id="56865802" url="?curid=56865802" title="Flora Iber">
Flora Iber


</doc>
<doc id="56865803" url="?curid=56865803" title="Flora Iber.">
Flora Iber.


</doc>
<doc id="56865807" url="?curid=56865807" title="Fla Hist Q">
Fla Hist Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865809" url="?curid=56865809" title="Fla. Hist. Q.">
Fla. Hist. Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865811" url="?curid=56865811" title="Black Sea Jellyfish">
Black Sea Jellyfish


</doc>
<doc id="56865815" url="?curid=56865815" title="Publ. Fla. Hist. Soc.">
Publ. Fla. Hist. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56865816" url="?curid=56865816" title="Publ Fla Hist Soc">
Publ Fla Hist Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56865817" url="?curid=56865817" title="Fla. Hist. Soc. Q.">
Fla. Hist. Soc. Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865818" url="?curid=56865818" title="Maeotias inexspectata">
Maeotias inexspectata


</doc>
<doc id="56865820" url="?curid=56865820" title="Fla Hist Soc Q">
Fla Hist Soc Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865823" url="?curid=56865823" title="Brackish water hydromedusa">
Brackish water hydromedusa


</doc>
<doc id="56865824" url="?curid=56865824" title="Fla Libr">
Fla Libr


</doc>
<doc id="56865825" url="?curid=56865825" title="Fla. Libr.">
Fla. Libr.


</doc>
<doc id="56865826" url="?curid=56865826" title="Brackish Water Hydromedusa">
Brackish Water Hydromedusa


</doc>
<doc id="56865827" url="?curid=56865827" title="Fla Media Q">
Fla Media Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865828" url="?curid=56865828" title="Fla. Media Q.">
Fla. Media Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865830" url="?curid=56865830" title="Fla Rev">
Fla Rev


</doc>
<doc id="56865831" url="?curid=56865831" title="Fla. Rev.">
Fla. Rev.


</doc>
<doc id="56865833" url="?curid=56865833" title="Monster march">
Monster march


</doc>
<doc id="56865835" url="?curid=56865835" title="Food Sci Technol Int">
Food Sci Technol Int


</doc>
<doc id="56865836" url="?curid=56865836" title="Food Sci. Technol. Int.">
Food Sci. Technol. Int.


</doc>
<doc id="56865838" url="?curid=56865838" title="Revista Espanola de Ciencia y Tecnologia de Alimentos">
Revista Espanola de Ciencia y Tecnologia de Alimentos


</doc>
<doc id="56865839" url="?curid=56865839" title="Revista de Agroquimica y Tecnologia de Alimentos">
Revista de Agroquimica y Tecnologia de Alimentos


</doc>
<doc id="56865843" url="?curid=56865843" title="Hu Bingquan">
Hu Bingquan


</doc>
<doc id="56865844" url="?curid=56865844" title="Rev. Esp. Cienc. Tecnol. Aliment.">
Rev. Esp. Cienc. Tecnol. Aliment.


</doc>
<doc id="56865845" url="?curid=56865845" title="Rev Esp Cienc Tecnol Aliment">
Rev Esp Cienc Tecnol Aliment


</doc>
<doc id="56865846" url="?curid=56865846" title="Rev. Agroquim. Tecnol. Aliment.">
Rev. Agroquim. Tecnol. Aliment.


</doc>
<doc id="56865847" url="?curid=56865847" title="Rev Agroquim Tecnol Aliment">
Rev Agroquim Tecnol Aliment


</doc>
<doc id="56865848" url="?curid=56865848" title="Visconti Castle (Binasco)">
Visconti Castle (Binasco)

The Visconti Castle of Binasco is a mediaeval castle located in Binasco, Metropolitan City of Milan, Lombardy, Northern Italy. It is famous for having been the prison and execution place of Beatrice di Tenda (Duchess of Milan and wife of Filippo Maria Visconti), arrested and there sentenced to death for adultery in 1418. Today it is the seat of the Municipality of Binasco.
History.
Luchino Visconti, Lord of Milan, built the castle, probably between 1315 and 1319 when the nearby church of Saint Stephan was erected. Its first mention dates back to 1329, when Azzone Visconti and his uncle Giovanni used it as a prison for their political opponents.
The building followed the Visconti castle model of the Lombard plains: a quadrangular layout with a central courtyard, towers at the corners, and the surrounding moat. The walls were made entirely in exposed brick.
In the 17th century the castle underwent transformations and restorations. At the end of the 19th century, it was sacked during the Napoleonic age, and in 1869 a devastating fire struck it. The current building is the result of repeated restorations that preserved the appearance of the initial castle. Two towers are still visible along the south front.
Today.
In good conditions, the castle belongs partly to the Municipality of Binasco and partly to the Province of Milan. It hosts public offices of the town council, the public library, and the Carabinieri station.

</doc>
<doc id="56865851" url="?curid=56865851" title="Latif">
Latif


</doc>
<doc id="56865853" url="?curid=56865853" title="Ākāśa (Jainism)">
Ākāśa (Jainism)

Ākāśa is space in the Jain conception of the cosmos. Akasha is one of the six "dravyas" (substances) and it accommodates the other five, namely sentient beings or souls ("jīva"), non-sentient substance or matter ("pudgala"), principle of motion ("dharma"), the principle of rest ("adharma") and time ("kāla")
Akasha provides the space for other substances. Akasha does not act as an obstruction. There are two types of Ākāśa: Lokakasha and Alokakasha. Alokakasha is beyond the Lokakasha and is empty; it has no other substance. 
Etymology.
Ākāśa is a compound word of Sanskrit language, wherein "ā" refers to "towards" and "kāśa" refers "to be visible or to appear". Thus, Akasha is the subtle “background” against which everything in the material universe becomes perceptible.
Attributes.
Space provides room to all other substances of the universe. The characteristic of space is to give room to or accommodate the other substances. The special feature of space is that it is not restricted to the universe like other substances but extends beyond the universe to the non-universe. 
Its qualities are as follows:
Sky and space both are different. We can see the sky because it is modification of the Pudgala whereas space is invisible.
Types of Akasha.
Space substance is only one substance and as such it is indivisible (akhand). However, universe (lokakasha) and non-universe (alokakasha) are considered its two divisions.
Space is divided into two parts:
The dimension of Lokakasha is fourteen "rajlok" or "rajju", however Alokakasha is infinite.
Lokakasha.
That portion of space in which all the substances are found is called the universe (lokakash). There are three types of Lokakasha; a) Urdhwa Lok, where beings of higher qualities than us live (Siddha Lok where liberated souls stay is at the top of Urdhwalok), b) Madhya Lok - where human beings and other creatures live, and c) Adho Lok, where the inmates of hell live (it has seven layers).
At the summit of the "lokākāśa" is the "Siddhashila" (abode of the liberated souls).
The "dharma" &amp; "adharma" "dravyas" are present only in "Lokakasha" and that is why "jiva" and "pudgal" are also there in the "Lokakasha" only.
Alokakasha.
The (empty) infinite space outside the universe is called the non-universe (alokakash). In the non-universe, space alone exists without the other five substances. Actually in non-universe there is nothing but space.
Alokakash is perceptible only to the omniscient.

</doc>
<doc id="56865856" url="?curid=56865856" title="Forced Migr Rev">
Forced Migr Rev


</doc>
<doc id="56865857" url="?curid=56865857" title="Forced Migr. Rev.">
Forced Migr. Rev.


</doc>
<doc id="56865858" url="?curid=56865858" title="Refugee Participation Network">
Refugee Participation Network


</doc>
<doc id="56865862" url="?curid=56865862" title="Refug. Particip. Netw.">
Refug. Particip. Netw.


</doc>
<doc id="56865863" url="?curid=56865863" title="Refug Particip Netw">
Refug Particip Netw


</doc>
<doc id="56865865" url="?curid=56865865" title="Foreign Trade Rev">
Foreign Trade Rev


</doc>
<doc id="56865866" url="?curid=56865866" title="Richard Sánchez (Paraguayan footballer)">
Richard Sánchez (Paraguayan footballer)

Richard Rafael Sánchez Guerrero (born 29 March 1996) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga MX club América and the Paraguay national team.
Club career.
Richard has played for Olimpia and Club América.
International career.
He was called up to the senior Paraguay squad in March 2018 for a match against USA.
Sánchez made his senior debut for Paraguay on June 5, 2019 in a friendly against Honduras in Ciudad del Este, Paraguay. And he scored his first goal for the National Team in the 2019 Copa America, in a 1-1 tie with Argentina on June 19, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56865867" url="?curid=56865867" title="Foreign Trade Rev.">
Foreign Trade Rev.


</doc>
<doc id="56865868" url="?curid=56865868" title="Formal Aspects Comput">
Formal Aspects Comput


</doc>
<doc id="56865869" url="?curid=56865869" title="Formal Aspects Comput.">
Formal Aspects Comput.


</doc>
<doc id="56865873" url="?curid=56865873" title="Forum Ital">
Forum Ital


</doc>
<doc id="56865874" url="?curid=56865874" title="Forum Ital.">
Forum Ital.


</doc>
<doc id="56865878" url="?curid=56865878" title="Forum Math">
Forum Math


</doc>
<doc id="56865880" url="?curid=56865880" title="Forum Math.">
Forum Math.


</doc>
<doc id="56865883" url="?curid=56865883" title="Found Poet Rev">
Found Poet Rev


</doc>
<doc id="56865885" url="?curid=56865885" title="Found Poet. Rev.">
Found Poet. Rev.


</doc>
<doc id="56865887" url="?curid=56865887" title="AlLatif">
AlLatif


</doc>
<doc id="56865896" url="?curid=56865896" title="Reznicek">
Reznicek


</doc>
<doc id="56865897" url="?curid=56865897" title="Fr Politics Cult Soc">
Fr Politics Cult Soc


</doc>
<doc id="56865899" url="?curid=56865899" title="Fr. Politics Cult. Soc.">
Fr. Politics Cult. Soc.


</doc>
<doc id="56865901" url="?curid=56865901" title="Fundam Math">
Fundam Math


</doc>
<doc id="56865902" url="?curid=56865902" title="Fundam. Math.">
Fundam. Math.


</doc>
<doc id="56865904" url="?curid=56865904" title="Future Child">
Future Child


</doc>
<doc id="56865905" url="?curid=56865905" title="Future Child.">
Future Child.


</doc>
<doc id="56865908" url="?curid=56865908" title="Futures Foresight Sci">
Futures Foresight Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56865909" url="?curid=56865909" title="Futures Foresight Sci.">
Futures Foresight Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56865912" url="?curid=56865912" title="Fuzzy Sets Syst">
Fuzzy Sets Syst


</doc>
<doc id="56865914" url="?curid=56865914" title="Fuzzy Sets Syst.">
Fuzzy Sets Syst.


</doc>
<doc id="56865919" url="?curid=56865919" title="Řezníčková">
Řezníčková


</doc>
<doc id="56865928" url="?curid=56865928" title="Liberty Lake (Washington)">
Liberty Lake (Washington)

Liberty Lake is a lake in Spokane County in the U.S. state of Washington. The lake is located about 800 feet (0.25 km) south of the eponymous city, and is a popular fishing spot. The lake is part of the Spokane Valley–Rathdrum Prairie Aquifer. Besides the aquifer, the only outflow is a small unnamed stream that ends at a small ephemeral pond a little over 1 mile (1.9 km) to the North.
Native fish species.
Liberty lake has a fishing season that lasts from March 1 to October 31. Early fishing in the month of March yields good results for the elusive brown trout. As the water warms, other fish such as the largemouth and smallmouth bass, and yellow perch become more prevalent. Other fish dwelling in the lake include black crappie, bluegill, brown bullhead, channel catfish, rainbow trout, and walleye.

</doc>
<doc id="56865932" url="?curid=56865932" title="Hampton, CT">
Hampton, CT


</doc>
<doc id="56865935" url="?curid=56865935" title="Julie Payette Public School">
Julie Payette Public School


</doc>
<doc id="56865936" url="?curid=56865936" title="Bohse Eurostar">
Bohse Eurostar

The Bohse Eurostar was a German car produced by Bohse Automobilbau from 1987 to 1989. The first EuroStars were based on the Mk1 Golf. These were still offered under the name Bohse Sprinter and only 30 were produced. The later EuroStar models were based on the Lada Riva and 200 were built.
Design.
The Euro-Star is a Lada 2105 which has been converted into an open leisure vehicle with a custom plastic body. The EuroStar has no doors, instead using large fabric panels. There is no rear window either as it has been replaced by a removable fabric panel. The EuroStar features two removable Targa roofs held down by rubber bands and has both a pickup bed and a small enclosed trunk in the rear. Mechanically, the EuroStar uses the same running gear as the Lada. Both the EuroStar and Sprinter shared the same body with the only exterior difference being the headlights and taillights, as the Sprinter's taillights came from the Volkswagen LT.

</doc>
<doc id="56865943" url="?curid=56865943" title="Stephens' Constant">
Stephens' Constant


</doc>
<doc id="56865945" url="?curid=56865945" title="Hist. Q. Filson Club">
Hist. Q. Filson Club


</doc>
<doc id="56865946" url="?curid=56865946" title="Hist Q Filson Club">
Hist Q Filson Club


</doc>
<doc id="56865948" url="?curid=56865948" title="Filson Hist. Q.">
Filson Hist. Q.


</doc>
<doc id="56865949" url="?curid=56865949" title="Filson Hist Q">
Filson Hist Q


</doc>
<doc id="56865950" url="?curid=56865950" title="Řezníková">
Řezníková


</doc>
<doc id="56865951" url="?curid=56865951" title="Batuhan Artarslan">
Batuhan Artarslan

Hasan Batuhan Artarslan (born 25 May 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ümraniyespor.
Professional career.
A long-time youth product at Trabzonspor, Batuhan spent his early career on loan in the Turkish lower divisions with 1461 Trabzon and Şanlıurfaspor. He formally joined the Trabzonspor senior team in the summer of 2017. Batuhan made his professional debut with Trabzonspor in a 3-1 Süper Lig win over Akhisar Belediyespor on 12 March 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56865952" url="?curid=56865952" title="Cigar Jellyfish">
Cigar Jellyfish


</doc>
<doc id="56865953" url="?curid=56865953" title="Olindias muelleri">
Olindias muelleri


</doc>
<doc id="56865966" url="?curid=56865966" title="LXRβ">
LXRβ


</doc>
<doc id="56865968" url="?curid=56865968" title="Jane Ellen Frith Panton">
Jane Ellen Frith Panton


</doc>
<doc id="56865973" url="?curid=56865973" title="Jane Ellen Frith">
Jane Ellen Frith


</doc>
<doc id="56865978" url="?curid=56865978" title="Ida M. Eliot">
Ida M. Eliot

Ida M. Eliot (1839–1923) was an American writer, educator, philosopher, and entomologist who published one of the first books on caterpillars, "Caterpillars and Their Moths" (1902) with Caroline Soule.
Early life and career.
Eliot was born in 1839 in New Bedford, Massachusetts to Congressman Thomas D. Eliot. Eliot graduated from the Salem Normal School (now Salem State University) in Salem, Massachusetts. Eliot then moved to St. Louis, Missouri where her uncle, William Greenleaf Eliot was a prominent minister and philanthropist. In St. Louis after the Civil War, Eliot founded a school for freed African America students in a church basement. She served as assistant principal of the St. Louis Normal School (Harris-Stowe State College) under her close friend, Anna Brackett. Eliot and Brackett associated with the St. Louis Hegelians, and both later published philosophical works. In 1872 when Anna Brackett resigned as principal, Eliot moved with Brackett to New York City. With Brackett, Eliot adopted a three-year-old daughter, Hope Davison, in 1873 and a second daughter, Bertha Lincoln, in 1875. In New York, Brackett and Eliot started The Brackett School for Girls, located at 9 West 39th Street, and they hired notable female teachers such as Mary Mitchell Birchall, the first woman to receive a bachelor's degree from a New England college. Eliot's adopted daughter, Hope, went on to graduate from college. By 1900 Ida had moved back to New Bedford with her daughter, Ida, and sister Edith. Eliot died 1923 and was buried in New Bedford, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="56865979" url="?curid=56865979" title="Maurício Araújo de Sousa">
Maurício Araújo de Sousa


</doc>
<doc id="56865986" url="?curid=56865986" title="The Chats">
The Chats

The Chats are an Australian rock band that formed in 2016 in the Sunshine Coast, Queensland. They describe their sound as "shed rock". The current band lineup is composed of guitarist Josh Hardy, drummer Matt Boggis, and bassist and vocalist Eamon Sandwith. Known for their songs about Australian culture, they initially went viral for their song "Smoko" and its accompanying music video in 2017. To date they have released two EPs, "The Chats" (2016) and "Get This in Ya!!" (2017), and their debut studio album "High Risk Behaviour" was released on 27 March 2020.
History.
Formation (2016).
Josh Price, Matt Boggis and Eamon Sandwith met in music class at St. Teresa's Catholic College in Noosa, Queensland. When they were 17, in September 2016, they formed the Chats, with Price on guitar, Boggis on drums, and Sandwidth on bass and vocals. Former member Tremayne McCarthy also played bass and guitar in the original lineup. The band takes its name from the phrase "that's chat" - (Australian slang to describe something terrible).
Their debut self-titled EP, recorded at their high school, was released on 7 November 2016. Triple J described the EP as "seven joyous sky-punching tracks that combined 60s garage punk and 70s new wave punk".
"Get This in Ya!!" (2017).
Their second EP, "Get This in Ya!!" was released on 31 July 2017, "another thrilling seven-song slice of economic, stripped-down, early Buzzcocks-styles punk tension". It was tracked/recorded at Eleven PM Studios in Nambour, Queensland, Australia, by Finn Wegener and Michael Currie on 24 June 2017. Former member, Tremayne McCarthy, actually played bass on the "Smoko" track and spoke the line "Is it Smoko?". Michael Currie was the producer and decided that the best way to record the band was all in the same room together live. Only very minimal overdubbing was done. It was then mixed and mastered by Michael Currie at his Polished Turd Studios in Brisbane, Australia. The music video for the track "Smoko", filmed with no budget at a building site, was directed by Matisse Langbein, who also did the cover art for the EP, and was released on the 3rd of October, quickly becoming a viral hit and drawing attention from popular rock musicians Dave Grohl, Josh Homme, Iggy Pop, Alex Turner. Triple J argued that the song "was an instant classic of a youth anthem on a par with 'You Really Got Me', 'My Generation' or 'Teenage Kicks'".
Universal deal and "High Risk Behaviour" (2018–present).
On 3 July 2018, the Chats released the single "Do What I Want", announced to be included in their forthcoming studio album.
The band signed a global deal with Universal Music Publishing Australia on 19 March 2019, and founded their own label, Bargain Bin Records. On 21 March, The Chats released "Pub Feed" alongside an accompanying music video. Throughout July, the band toured the United States. On 26 July, they released the single "Identity Theft" alongside an accompanying music video, which contains references to the video game "Guitar Hero". The band performed at the UK Reading and Leeds Festivals in August 2019. In October 2019, the Chats commenced an Australian national tour. The band performed a headlining tour in the UK during December 2019. When asked about the then-untitled "High Risk Behaviour" during an interview at the Reading Festival, Sandwith revealed that the songs were already recorded: "We're gonna call it done...we're not perfectionists or anything.".
In late December 2019, Sandwith posted a song criticizing Prime Minister Scott Morrison for his perceived apathy and carelessness towards the 2019-20 bushfire crisis to Instagram, titled 'I Hope Scott's House Burns Down'; according to Pedestrian.tv, the song is being used to aid fundraising efforts for numerous volunteer firefighter groups. The band debuted the song "The Clap" on 17 January 2020 and revealed the name of their debut studio album, "High Risk Behaviour", as well as a release date of 27 March 2020. Weeks before its release, the band released a music video for the album track "Dine &amp; Dash".
On 8 November 2020, the band released their next single, "AC/DC CD", a tribute to the Australian band AC/DC. Guitarist Josh "Pricey" Price was not featured in the song’s music video, while potential new member Josh Hardy of Australian band The Unknowns was, leading to online speculation of his departure from the band. In December 2020, the band officially confirmed Price’s departure and announced Hardy as his replacement.
On 10 September 2021, the band released a cover of Metallica’s “Holier Than Thou” as part of the Metallica Blacklist.
Musical style and influences.
The band coined the term "shed rock" to describe their sound, and their self-contained approach has been likened to that of King Gizzard &amp; the Lizard Wizard. They cited Australian bands Cosmic Psychos, Dune Rats and Eddy Current Suppression Ring as major influences.
Band members.
Current members
Past members
Awards and nominations.
AIR Awards.
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. 
J Awards.
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
National Live Music Awards.
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) are a broad recognition of Australia's diverse live industry, celebrating the success of the Australian live scene. The awards commenced in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56865989" url="?curid=56865989" title="Mark Eisner">
Mark Eisner

Mark Eisner was a prominent lawyer, tax expert, and politician. Eisner served as Collector of Internal Revenue for the Third District (New York) from 1915 to 1919. In that capacity, he was responsible for administering the War Tax Law, which laid the groundwork for an expanded personal federal income tax law enacted by Congress in 1917. 
He is named in a number of important tax cases, including Eisner v. Macomber and Towne v. Eisner.
In 1912, Eisner was elected to the New York State Assembly where he served two consecutive terms. He was also part of the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1915.
Eisner died on 28 March 1953 at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="56865994" url="?curid=56865994" title="Mrs J. E. Panton">
Mrs J. E. Panton


</doc>
<doc id="56865995" url="?curid=56865995" title="J. E. Panton">
J. E. Panton


</doc>
<doc id="56865997" url="?curid=56865997" title="Mrs Panton">
Mrs Panton


</doc>
<doc id="56866000" url="?curid=56866000" title="A Piece of the Action (Batman)">
A Piece of the Action (Batman)


</doc>
<doc id="56866005" url="?curid=56866005" title="1989 Full Members' Cup Final">
1989 Full Members' Cup Final

The 1989 Full Members' Cup Final was the fourth Full Members' Cup final, contested by Everton and Nottingham Forest at Wembley Stadium on 30 April 1989.
Background.
English teams were banned from Europe and the Football League started a new cup for sides in the top two leagues. Nottingham Forest had already won the League Cup, while Everton were awaiting their FA Cup Final. Both Everton and Nottingham Forest had been exempt from the first two rounds of the competition, due to their high league finish in the 1987–88 season, with Forest finishing third and the Toffees fourth.
Teams.
 
 
Match summary.
Everton took the lead through Tony Cottee, before being pegged back from a goal by Garry Parker. Graeme Sharp restored Everton's lead after the break, before Parker sent the game into extra-time with an equaliser. In extra-time, Lee Chapman put Nottingham Forest ahead for the first time in the match. Cottee scored his second to level the match at 3–3. Chapman scored his second, three minutes from time, to win the trophy for Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="56866008" url="?curid=56866008" title="Elizabeth Morley Cowles">
Elizabeth Morley Cowles


</doc>
<doc id="56866009" url="?curid=56866009" title="Xxxtentacion">
Xxxtentacion


</doc>
<doc id="56866011" url="?curid=56866011" title="Elizabeth Cowles">
Elizabeth Cowles


</doc>
<doc id="56866015" url="?curid=56866015" title="Mackenzi Lee">
Mackenzi Lee

Mackenzi Lee (born Mackenzie Van Engelenhoven) is an American author of books for children and young adults. She writes both fiction and non-fiction about topics including sexuality and the role of women throughout history. Her second novel, entitled "The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue", was a New York Times Best Seller and earned a Stonewall Book Award for its portrayal of a bisexual young man in 18th-century Europe. This novel led to a series of books featuring the Montague siblings and a diverse set of characters whose struggles are presented in an era that didn't necessarily respect diversity.
Lee's first book, 2015's "This Monstrous Thing," was a retelling of the Frankenstein story and earned Lee the Pen-New England Susan P. Bloom Children's Book Discovery Award. In the promotional period for this book, she began posting on Twitter under the hashtag #BygoneBadassBroads, sharing biographies of notable women beginning with Mary Shelley. This project grew in popularity, and in 2018, Lee published "Bygone Badass Broads: 52 Forgotten Women Who Changed the World".
She has contracted with Marvel to write three historical fiction books featuring Marvel antiheroes, beginning with a story about Loki out in September 2019 under the title .
Lee has a Master of Fine Arts from Simmons College in writing for children and young adults. She currently lives in Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="56866018" url="?curid=56866018" title="Elizabeth Morley Cowles Gale Ballantine">
Elizabeth Morley Cowles Gale Ballantine


</doc>
<doc id="56866019" url="?curid=56866019" title="Scruffy the Cat">
Scruffy the Cat


</doc>
<doc id="56866020" url="?curid=56866020" title="Iraqi Premier Division">
Iraqi Premier Division


</doc>
<doc id="56866022" url="?curid=56866022" title="Elizabeth Morley Cowles Gale">
Elizabeth Morley Cowles Gale


</doc>
<doc id="56866025" url="?curid=56866025" title="Sonoma Cheese Factory">
Sonoma Cheese Factory

The Sonoma Cheese Factory is a cheese producer and speciality food store with a wine shop and café in Sonoma, California in the United States. 
History.
Early history (1835-1944).
The Sonoma Cheese Factory is located on the former site of the home of Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo, Casa Grande, which was built in 1835. The home burned down in 1867. Between 1888 and 1941, the property housed a blacksmith shop, a wagon shop, and a feed mill. By 1944, the buildings were demolished.
From Prohibition to cheesemaking (1931-1945).
Born in Stazzema, Italy in 1886, when Celso Viviani was 24 years old he moved from Italy to Sonoma, California, where his brother lived. Viviani worked at a local quarry and managed a distillery at Sebastiani Vineyards. When Prohibition began, the Sebastiani Vineyards stopped producing wine and Viviani started to make cheese at the now defunct Sonoma Mission Creamery. The Sonoma Mission Creamery was founded by Joseph Vella and John Iacono in 1915. While learning to make cheese, Viviani met Joseph Vella's younger brother, Gaetano "Tom" Vella. The two men became friends and decided, after their training was complete, to start their own creamery: Sonoma Valley Creamery in 1931.
Sonoma Valley Creamery became one of the first companies in Sonoma Valley to only make cheese. The Creamery was located at a former pre-prohibition brewery in downtown Sonoma. Eventually, the name changed from Sonoma Valley Creamery to Sonoma Valley Cheese Factory and finally, the current incarnation: Sonoma Cheese Factory. In its inaugural year, the Factory had $58,000 in sales.
The Factory started making hard cheese of the Italian variety. They also produced cottage cheese and cream cheese. Viviani and Vella expanded production, purchasing a production plant in nearby Marin County and one in the state of Oregon. They decided to open a new headquarters in downtown Sonoma in 1944.
Post-war era (1945-1955).
Construction of the Sonoma Cheese Factory started in 1944 and was completed by 1945. The building included areas for retail sales, offices and cheese production. The building was designed by Pietro G. Canali, an Italian-American architect. 
As the company prepared to open the new facility, Viviani and Vella decided to go their separate ways professionally, with Viviani opening the new facility and Vella eventually founding the Vella Cheese Company at the old Sonoma Valley Creamery building, where the family-owned Vella Cheese Company continues to operate today.
During the mid to late 1940s, Sonoma Cheese Factory sold cottage cheese and cream cheese to the Kraft Foods. Eventually, the lack of easy access to fresh milk, due to dairy farm industrialization, caused the Viviani's to focus strictly on semi-hard cheese. It was during this time when they created Sonoma Jack, their most famous cheese.
Celso Viviani died in 1955 and his son, Pete Viviani oversaw full operations.
Late 20th-century (1960-1981).
The Sonoma Cheese Factory struggled in the 1960s due to supply chain challenges regarding dairy production, which almost caused the company to close. Towards the end of the 1960s, Pete Viviani relocated to Mexico with his family to produce powdered milk and cheese. His son, David Viviani, and business partner Fred Harland operated the Factory. The business saw success again with the expansion of a sandwich shop at Sonoma Valley High School and expanded retail operations at the Factory, which included offering local wines, and they implemented a new marketing campaign for Sonoma Jack cheeses.
Pete Viviani returned from Mexico in 1971. Cheese production increased as a result of the increase of tourism in Sonoma Valley. In 1981, they released Sonoma Jack Hot Pepper, the first cheese in California that was made with jalapeños and crushed red pepper.
The Sonoma Cheese Factory today.
"“If you haven’t been there, go there. It’s a delightful place with a huge variety of excellent cheeses and you can watch the cheese-making through big window.”" - Michele Anna Jordan, "Sonoma West Times and News", 1988
By the end of 1985, David Vivani served as president and Harland oversaw the cheese plant as general manager. Peter Vivani served as vice president of the company. The Sonoma Cheese Factory had annual sales of $5 million and was distributing their cheese nationwide. The company had 50 employees and produced 3 million pounds of Sonoma Jack annually. 
The following year, the television program "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" shot an episode in Sonoma. The show's host, Robin Leach toured the town with actor Judith Ledford, including sampling cheese with David Vivani at the Sonoma Cheese Factory.
In 2001, listeria was found in a cheese sample at their production facility in Crescent City, California, which stopped production and required production to be relocated to a new facility. The next year the Viviani's split management of the retail operations to Pete Viviani and David Viviani oversaw cheese production. Monterey Gourmet Foods became an 80% stakeholder in Sonoma Cheese Factory in 2005. Since the majority, if not all, of the cheese was no longer being produced at the Sonoma Cheese Factory site in Sonoma, the facility underwent renovations to focus on retail in 2005. In 2012, the Viviani family re-acquired full ownership of the company.
The Native Sons of the Golden West placed a plaque on the front exterior of the Sonoma Cheese Factory in 2009 to celebrate the legacy founder Celso Viviani and the Viviani cheese-making family. Pete Viviani died shortly after the dedication in June 2009.
Today, the Viviani family continues to own the property and operate the company as part of their Sonoma Creamery brand. The Sonoma Cheese Factory sells their cheese online and at their store. Onsite, they also sell other California cheeses and artisan foods; have a wine store with wine tasting; made-to-order sandwiches; a grill; and an ice cream and dessert parlor.
Cheese.
At its inception, the Sonoma Cheese Factory produced Italian-style hard cheeses and fresh cheeses, specifically cottage and cream cheese. Eventually, production shifted towards semi-hard cheeses, including their flagship cheese: Jack. Made from pasteurized cow milk, the Factory's Jack is a semi-hard cheese. They were the first cheese company in California to make a pepper Jack, which uses jalapeño and chili flakes for a spicy flavor. Today, they produce other Jack cheeses including garlic, Mediterranean, habañero, chipotle, pesto, smoked, lavender and a mild Cheddar cheese.
In 1987, the Sonoma Cheese Factory became the first California cheesemaker to win a medal in the United States Championship Cheese Contest, winning a gold and a bronze medal for their Sonoma Garlic Jack.

</doc>
<doc id="56866026" url="?curid=56866026" title="Rimma Ivanova">
Rimma Ivanova

Rimma Mikhailovna Ivanova (Russian: Римма Михайловна Иванова; 27 June 1894 – 22 September 1915) was a Russian nurse, participant of the First World War. She was the only woman in the Russian Empire, awarded the military Order of St. George 4th Class.
Live.
Rimma Ivanova was born in 1894 in Stavropol. In 1913 she finished the Olginskaya Women's Gymnasium of Stavropol. She worked as a zemstvo school teacher in the village of Petrovskoye (now Svetlograd town). After the outbreak of the First World War, she entered the nurses' courses in Stavropol. In January 1915 she volunteered as a nurse in the Russian army. She was awarded the Cross of St. George 4th Class and two Medals of St. George for the rescue of the wounded soldiers from the battlefield.
Death.
On September 22, 1915 Rimma Ivanova helped the wounded soldiers during the battle near the village of Mokraya Dubrova (now in Pinsk District, Brest Region, Belarus). When both officers of the company were killed in the battle, she raised the company in an attack and rushed to the enemy trenches. The position was taken, but Ivanova herself was seriously injured and died.
By the decree of Nicholas II of Russia, as an exception, Rimma Ivanova was posthumously awarded an officer's Order of St. George 4th Class.
She was buried in Stavropol near the St. Andrew's Church on September 24, 1915.
Memory.
The street in Stavropol is named after Rimma Ivanova. Monuments to Rimma Ivanova were erected in Stavropol and Mikhailovsk.

</doc>
<doc id="56866028" url="?curid=56866028" title="Paul Anthony Giles">
Paul Anthony Giles


</doc>
<doc id="56866036" url="?curid=56866036" title="Christina Battle">
Christina Battle

Christina Battle is a video and installation artist who was born in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. She holds a Master of Fine Arts from the San Francisco Art Institute (San Francisco, CA) and a certificate in Film Studies from Ryerson University (Toronto, Ontario). She also holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Alberta (Edmonton, Alberta).
Battle's work has been displayed internationally in Zurich, Switzerland at the VideoEx Experimental Film &amp; Video Festival; at the Jihlava Documentary Festival in Czech Republic; at the EXiS Festival in Seoul, South Korea; at the London Film Festival; at the International Film Festival Rotterdam in the Netherlands; at the Whitney Biennial in New York; and at SF Cinematheque (San Francisco). Her work has also been shown across Canada including in Halifax, Toronto, Winnipeg, Montreal and as far North as Dawson City, Yukon.
Christina Battle has taught film studies at the University of Colorado at Boulder, and at Metro State University of Denver. She is currently based in London, Ontario according to her website.
Artistic career.
A biography of Christina Battle by the Canadian Filmmaker's Distribution Centre (CFMDC) traces her artistic beginnings to her employment at Niagara Custom Lab, called "one of the most important film labs for experimental artists in Canada." At the lab, Christina Battle
was introduced to the power of colour and the importance of the lab in shaping it [...] she began to experiment with different film stocks, with ways to push the boundaries of colour processing through timing. She learned to work with contact and optical printers, colour filters, emulsion and tinting.
In 2006, Christina Battle contributed two films for "Behind These Walls, a" program of short films presented at La Maison du Cinema in Sherbrooke, Quebec. The program shared a name with one of the artist's works ("Behind these walls and under the stairs," which was presented first on the program). Battle also contributed the film that closed the presentation ("Three hours, fifteen minutes before the hurricane", described in a curatorial essay as "finely outlined Victorianesque drawings collaged onto the surface of the black film stock seemingly float[ing] on the darkened space, intercut with titles that narrate the storm's impending approach"). Later that year, the city of Toronto commissioned her work for Nuit Blanche, curated by Kim Simon.
In 2007, Christina Battle was featured in the "Spotlight Series" of the Canadian Filmmakers Distribution Centre (CFMDC) which coincided with the release of a DVD of her video work. The study guide for the DVD references several of the artist's early films, namely:
The artist's published book lists her solo exhibitions from this time period:
In 2008, Christina Battle presented "Uncharted Histories: Pirates" at the Toronto Images Festival. Her creative techniques were documented in a published essay by Jon Davies:
Battle began with extensive historical research, finding text and images to incorporate into the project. She re-photographed individual images with a trusty 35mm movie camera set to expose individual frames, developed the footage, and then boiled it in order to separate the image-carrying emulsion from the celluloid's base, and finally transferred these fragile images to clear plastic acetate to compose the final image. [...] These collages are necessarily piecemeal due to the breaking down of the original image into 35mm rectuangular fragments. All their edges are visible.
In 2011, Christina Battle was awarded a project commission for the 30th Anniversary of the Liaison of Independent Filmmakers of Toronto.
2011 was also the year of the exhibition Filing Memory at the Foreman Art Gallery in Sherbrooke, Quebec. The central video installation was titled "wandering through secret storms" (2009), described as "a triptych consisting of FBI archival records that are almost entirely blacked out, rendering the documents incomprehensible, and women filing records."
In 2012, Christina Battle participated in a project called "Archival Dialogues: Reading the Black Star Collection," an event which inaugurated the exhibition space of the Ryerson Image Centre at Ryerson University in Toronto.
"Mapping the Prairies Through Disaster" (2012) "explores the effects of historical environmental disaster on communities" in the words of interviewer Clint Enns in an interview published in C Magazine / Contemporary Art &amp; Criticism. NOW Magazine (Toronto, ON) described the piece as a video work, with photographs of "decaying rural buildings under sunny skies." The video was overlaid with "short quotes from survivors' descriptions of the storms" and was projected "in a room clad with reflective metal sheeting, a reference to the power of dust storms to electrify metal." The audio was "a soundtrack of staticky 'sferic' recordings [of] broadband impulses created by lightning strikes."
The article in C Magazine contains a description of "The Twelve Devil's Graveyards Around the World" (2013), which "focuses on an archival document of the same name" in the words of the interviewer. The work is described as "the image of an icosahedron, in addition to an equilateral triangle, the ideal viewing location or the potential site for strange anomalies to occur." The interview also makes reference to a 2013 piece called "Explorations of an Unexpected Time Traveller."
2013 also saw the presentation of "we're not exactly sure what just happened," "a series of four one-minute films" at the Toronto Urban Film Festival. The publication Blouin Art Info Canada contains a quote from the artist that speaks to the work's provenance:
"I was interested in the subway itself as a platform for disseminating the news," [Christina Battle] says, remarking on how the hurried atmosphere of commuter transit contributes to the potential for news reporting to convey a highly emotional but fundamentally content-less message.
In 2014, Christina Battle presented "dearfield, colorado" at an exhibition was called What Was Will Be at Gallery 44 in Toronto, Ontario. The magazine Canadian Art described the artist's video installation, starting with images of "the present-day ruins of the town:"
Yellow wildflowers wave in the breeze around structures of rotting wood and peeling paint. Birdsong is audible, as are some crackling sferics [...] that Battle recorded at a very low frequency. [...] Shiny metallic aluminum panels also line the walls and floor around the video projection.
"What Was Will Be" was featured in ArToronto and in the publication NOW Toronto. Battle's "dearfield, colorado" is described as "images of the town's deserted and desolate buildings with quotes taken from first-hand accounts of dust storms."
In 2015, the Thames Art Gallery (Chatham, Ontario) presented "End Transmission" by Christina Battle, which "takes place after an environmental collapse, based on recent disaster headlines, in a soon-to-be future after our own time’s intensifying inequality, debt, climate change, fossil fuel dependency and global food crisis." Also in 2015, Le Centre des arts actuels Skol (Montreal, Quebec) presented "The people in this picture are standing on all that remained of a handsome residence", the artist's evocation of the July 31, 1987 tornado in Edmonton, Alberta.
Curatorial career.
In 2018, Christina Battle curated an exhibition the Cold Cuts Video Festival in Dawson City, Yukon. "There's something in the way" featured work by Association for Decentering Landscapes, Tanya Lukin Linklater, Amanda Boulos, and Liz Knox. It opened on March 30 and examined the ways in which artists use the tools of video to stage and frame complex subjects.
On October 17, 2019, Christina Battle curated "Reclaiming the Invisible", an event at the John and Maggie Mitchell Art Gallery in MacEwan University. Together, Battle and participants considered how some plants have the ability to absorb more metals than others. A follow-up of the event occurred on November 6 along with a small group of artists.
Christina Battle was guest curator of "Grasping at the Roots", an exhibition on view at the John and Maggie Mitchell Art Gallery from January 17 to March 28. The exhibition featured work by Debbie Ebanks Schlums, Serena Lee, Eugenio Salas, and Shawn Tse with recent video by Scott Portingale."Grasping at the Roots" took cues from mycorrhizae, mutually beneficial associations between fungi and plants, and operated from the premise that this strategy of care has the ability to foster and develop community in sustainable and meaningful ways. Artists in "Grasping at the Roots" incorporated a variety of tactics and material forms along with site specificity in order to translate works that perform actively in the world for the space of the gallery.
Published works.
In 2011, Christina Battle published "Filing Memory", a hard-cover publication in English and French. The book was edited by Vicky Chainey Gagnon, and Battle has described the work as a "collaboration" between herself and the editor. The book was published by the Foreman Art Gallery of Bishop's University in Sherbrooke, Quebec, and was based on the gallery's Fall 2010 exhibition of the artist's work.
The foreword to "Filing Memory" describes some of Battle's artistic techniques, including collage and photogram techniques, "laying figures on film stock and shining a light onto them to inscribe their shadow into the material." The effect is described as, "multi-layering of colours [...] a shock of vibrancy against a wall of pure black."
Battle has described the exhibit and book as "built around the single-channel video "wandering through secret storms"," which is about "what is left out of archives and 'official' history records," in her words.
In addition to "Filing Memory" (2011), Christina Battle has published writing and interviews in INCITE Journal of Experimental Media"." In 2011, she contributed "Recalling the International Experimental Media Congress of 2010" to Volume 3 of that publication (2011–2012), which was an analysis of her transcription of some of the talks given at the congress the previous year. In 2015 she contributed "Hollywood Movies, Media Hype, and the Contemporary Survivalist Movement: An Appropriated Study" to INCITE Volume 5. INCITE has also published Christina Battle's interviews with Gwen Trutnau (published January 5, 2015) Leslie Supnet (June 18, 2015), and Jesse Malmed (published September 7, 2017).
Primary source archive (Artexte, Montreal, Quebec).
Primary sources pertaining to Christina Battle's expositions and commissions are available at Artexte (Montreal, Quebec) which is "a library, research centre and exhibition space for contemporary art". As of April 2017, the archive has copies of programs to approximately 20 exhibits of Christina Battle's work.
From the Artexte archive, we can discern:
Awards and commissions.
Battle has earned the following awards and commissions (not an exhaustive list):
Selected group exhibitions.
Battle has participated in a number of group exhibitions including:

</doc>
<doc id="56866037" url="?curid=56866037" title="Carlton Michael Gary">
Carlton Michael Gary


</doc>
<doc id="56866039" url="?curid=56866039" title="Dorothy Louise McIntosh Slaughter">
Dorothy Louise McIntosh Slaughter


</doc>
<doc id="56866040" url="?curid=56866040" title="FIU bridge">
FIU bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56866041" url="?curid=56866041" title="Richard Armstrong (politician)">
Richard Armstrong (politician)

Richard Armstrong (1815 – 26 August 1880) was an Irish Liberal politician, and barrister.
He was the son of William Armstrong, an engineer by profession, of Roxborough, Co. Armagh, and his wife Eliza Armstrong (née Steacy).
After graduating in law from Trinity College, Dublin, Armstrong was called to the bar in 1839 and then, in 1854, became Queen's Counsel.
He was considered one of the finest Irish advocates of his time, with numerous courtroom triumphs to his credit, most notably the Yelverton case.
Armstrong was elected MP as a Liberal candidate for Sligo Borough in the 1865 general election and held the seat until 1868 when he stood down.
He was the First Serjeant-at-law of Ireland from 1866 until his death, having previously served as Third Serjeant from 1861 to 1865, and briefly as Second Serjeant in 1865. A very tall man, he was nicknamed "the Big Serjeant" while his diminutive colleague Sir Edward Sullivan, 1st Baronet was "the Little Serjeant".
Armstrong married Elizabeth Meurant in 1847, they had at least one son, William Armstrong BL (1848-1899) who married Alice Arundel, and one daughter, Lily (1952-1931) who befriended John Ruskin while she attended Winnington Hall, and was the subject of a watercolour by him, and was lily in his "Ethics of Dust". Lily married Lt. William T. S. Kevill-Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="56866043" url="?curid=56866043" title="Dorothy Louise McIntosh">
Dorothy Louise McIntosh


</doc>
<doc id="56866045" url="?curid=56866045" title="Vallentinia">
Vallentinia

Vallentinia is a genus of hydrozoans in the family Olindiidae.
Species.
The World Register of Marine Species currently lists the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="56866046" url="?curid=56866046" title="Louise McIntosh">
Louise McIntosh


</doc>
<doc id="56866055" url="?curid=56866055" title="Dorothy McIntosh">
Dorothy McIntosh


</doc>
<doc id="56866057" url="?curid=56866057" title="Mering railway station">
Mering railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56866059" url="?curid=56866059" title="Dorothy Slaughter">
Dorothy Slaughter


</doc>
<doc id="56866061" url="?curid=56866061" title="Emirates American Football League">
Emirates American Football League

The Emirates American Football League is an American Football non-professional league for amateurs based in the United Arab Emirates.
History.
Founded in 2012 by former Canadian Football League player Dustin Cherniawski, and couple Patrick Campos and Julie Teperow from the now defunct American Football Academy in Dubai, the organization promoted itself as a channel of American Football in the U.A.E by "providing a safe and structured environment where players from ages 8 and up can engage in full contact American Football."
It is currently the only organization supporting and promoting American football in the U.A.E. It conducts training and conditions sessions for players but also hosts an annual tournament called the 'Desert Bowl'.
Desert Bowl.
The Desert Bowl is the annual American football tournament held by the league. In a regular season, various teams regularly play matches against each other. Following the conclusion of the regular season, the teams play against each other in a single-elimination playoffs tournament called the Desert Bowl. 
Teams.
The EAFL consists of 7 active teams;
Venues.
Matches for the league are played at various venues, spread across the U.A.E; past and current venues include :
Practices for the league have been held primarily at Dubai American Academy for the 2017-2018 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56866063" url="?curid=56866063" title="Hitch-hiking jellyfish">
Hitch-hiking jellyfish


</doc>
<doc id="56866064" url="?curid=56866064" title="Nepalese democracy">
Nepalese democracy


</doc>
<doc id="56866066" url="?curid=56866066" title="Doping at the World Athletics Championships">
Doping at the World Athletics Championships

As a signatory to the World Anti-Doping Code, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) prohibits the use of banned performance-enhancing substances by competitors at the World Championships in Athletics. A list of WADA-banned substances is regularly published to the public and amended as scientific knowledge expands. The IAAF and anti-doping bodies undertake in-competition sampling of athletes blood and urine in order to detect where athletes have taken banned substances. This is also complemented by out-of-competition tests during the tournament and in the preceding period.
Where a banned substance is detected in-competition the athlete's performance will be annulled and—depending on the severity of the infraction—the athlete may be banned from the sport for a set period. Where an out-of-competition sample tests positive for a banned substance, any performances by the athlete after that date may also be annulled. Athletes may also be banned via doping regulations if the athlete fails to submit to testing, tampers or interferes with the undertaking of anti-doping procedures, or is found in possession of banned substances. Where a performance is annulled, any medals won by the athlete will be stripped from the athlete and the IAAF may decided to reallocate the medal(s) to the next best performers. This includes disqualification of whole national relay teams should one member break anti-doping rules. Samples are stored for future retesting, as improved methods over time may lead to previously unidentified cases of doping. The IAAF began a long-term storage approach from the 2007 World Championships onwards.
A total of 162 athletes (69 men and 93 women) have had their results annulled at the World Championships, and 40 of these have been stripped of medals as a result. A total of 53 medals have been stripped as a result of doping infractions. The first doping failure pre-dates the main championships and comes from Spanish hurdler Rosa Colorado at the 1980 World Championships in Athletics – an event which only featured two women's events not on the Olympic programme. World champions to be banned include North American sprinters Ben Johnson, Marion Jones, Tim Montgomery and Kelli White. Other prominent champions to have been banned include Russian middle-distance runner Mariya Savinova, steeplechaser Yuliya Zaripova and racewalker Olga Kaniskina. The majority of stripped medallists have come from Russia.
There has been an upward trend in the number of doping violations at the championships, with a peak of 50 athletes having had their performances annulled at the 2011 event, though it is assumed that this reflects improved detection rather than increased overall doping – an anonymous survey at that championships revealed over 30% of athletes had used banned substances during their career.
Given the susceptibility of the sport of athletics to doping issues, the IAAF has been central in the development of anti-doping standards and anti-doping measures have been were present at World Championships since the first edition in 1983. The anti-doping approach had a new development at the 2017 World Championships in Athletics, where all Russian athletes were banned due to state-sponsored doping and had to request dispensation to compete at Authorised Neutral Athletes.
Disqualifications by nation.
This table collates the total number of athletes who have been disqualified for doping at the championships by nation. Athletes with multiple disqualifications are counted as one. Where a relay team is disqualified, this is counted as one disqualification, though multiple team members may have been sanctioned.
"Last updated 17 March 2018"
Disqualifications by event.
This table collates the total number of disqualifications within a given event. Where the same athlete has been disqualified at multiple editions of the championships, each athlete disqualified per year is counted.
"Last updated 17 March 2018"

</doc>
<doc id="56866067" url="?curid=56866067" title="Hitch-hiking Jellyfish">
Hitch-hiking Jellyfish


</doc>
<doc id="56866072" url="?curid=56866072" title="Hitch-Hiking Jellyfish">
Hitch-Hiking Jellyfish


</doc>
<doc id="56866078" url="?curid=56866078" title="Esther Sinovitch">
Esther Sinovitch


</doc>
<doc id="56866079" url="?curid=56866079" title="Tess Simpson">
Tess Simpson


</doc>
<doc id="56866080" url="?curid=56866080" title="Ali Parhizi">
Ali Parhizi

Ali Parhizi (, born 29 March 1983) is an Iranian-German footballer who plays for TSVgg Plattenhardt.
Career.
Indonesia.
Parhizi scored his first goal for Bali Devata of the Liga Primer Indonesia on the 12th minute in a 2–2 tie with Tangerang Wolves.
Vietnam.
In 2013, he trialed for Hải Phòng of the Vietnamese V.League 1.
Australia.
Cleared to participate in games for Edgeworth of the Northern NSW State League in 2013, the midfielder was suspended for a week for his impetuous actions which earned him a second yellow card.

</doc>
<doc id="56866084" url="?curid=56866084" title="Guyana at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Guyana at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Guyana competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018. It was Guyana's 18th appearance at the Commonwealth Games.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics (track and field).
Guyana's track and field team consisted of six athletes (four male and two female).
Badminton.
Guyana participated with one athlete (one man).
Boxing.
Guyana participated with a team of 2 athletes (2 men)
Shooting.
Guyana participated with 2 athletes (2 men).
Squash.
Guyana participated with 4 athletes (2 men and 2 women).
Swimming.
Guyana's swimming team consisted of two swimmers: one male and one female.
Table tennis.
Guyana participated with 6 athletes (3 men and 3 women).

</doc>
<doc id="56866086" url="?curid=56866086" title="McCook County Courthouse">
McCook County Courthouse

The McCook County Courthouse, at 130 W. Essex Ave. in Salem, South Dakota, is a Moderne style courthouse built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It is a three-story concrete building clad with brick.
It was designed by architects Kings &amp; Dixon.

</doc>
<doc id="56866087" url="?curid=56866087" title="Mrs Archibald Little">
Mrs Archibald Little


</doc>
<doc id="56866088" url="?curid=56866088" title="Search for Noah's Ark">
Search for Noah's Ark


</doc>
<doc id="56866089" url="?curid=56866089" title="1931 European Rowing Championships">
1931 European Rowing Championships

The 1931 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on the Seine in the French capital city of Paris in the suburb of Suresnes. The competition was for men only and they competed in all seven Olympic boat classes (M1x, M2x, M2-, M2+, M4-, M4+, M8+).

</doc>
<doc id="56866090" url="?curid=56866090" title="San kung">
San kung


</doc>
<doc id="56866091" url="?curid=56866091" title="1933 European Rowing Championships">
1933 European Rowing Championships

The 1933 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on the Danube in the Hungarian capital city of Budapest. The competition was for men only and they competed in all seven Olympic boat classes (M1x, M2x, M2-, M2+, M4-, M4+, M8+).

</doc>
<doc id="56866092" url="?curid=56866092" title="Alicia E. Neva Little">
Alicia E. Neva Little


</doc>
<doc id="56866095" url="?curid=56866095" title="Alicia Bewicke">
Alicia Bewicke


</doc>
<doc id="56866097" url="?curid=56866097" title="Alicia E. Neva Bewicke">
Alicia E. Neva Bewicke


</doc>
<doc id="56866099" url="?curid=56866099" title="Three central ministries">
Three central ministries


</doc>
<doc id="56866100" url="?curid=56866100" title="San sheng">
San sheng


</doc>
<doc id="56866102" url="?curid=56866102" title="Mother Mary Kevin">
Mother Mary Kevin


</doc>
<doc id="56866105" url="?curid=56866105" title="Edith Mary Pye">
Edith Mary Pye


</doc>
<doc id="56866106" url="?curid=56866106" title="Vacancies Reform Act">
Vacancies Reform Act


</doc>
<doc id="56866109" url="?curid=56866109" title="Merching station">
Merching station

Merching station is a railway station in the municipality of Merching, located in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Swabia, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56866111" url="?curid=56866111" title="Cannabis banking in Washington (state)">
Cannabis banking in Washington (state)

The cannabis industry in the U.S. state of Washington has been served by several banks and credit unions since Initiative 502 passed in 2012, legalizing production, distribution, retail sales and possession in the state.
Banks and credit unions.
Three banks and two credit unions – Numerica Credit Union in Spokane and Salal Credit Union in Seattle – handle most of the accounts. , the state took in 95% of its cannabis tax revenue through banks (vice cash) and the Washington State Department of Revenue requires electronic funds transfer for tax payment, unless the taxpayer is unable to open a bank account.
Federal regulation.
Washington's governor and United States Senators have attempted to preserve U.S. Department of the Treasury FinCEN rules in place since 2014 allowing banks to do regulated transactions with the industry, despite conflicting laws on legality at the Federal level.
Alternatives to banks.
Some Washington cannabis business, particularly at point of sale, is conducted in cryptocurrency. Some use Square point-of-sale system, although it has also been reported that PayPal and Square will terminate accounts from cannabis-related businesses. A cashless transaction system was created by POSaBIT and used in Washington cannabis establishments 2017. It would convert US dollars from a customer's debit card swipe to cryptocurrency for expenditures made at the retail establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="56866112" url="?curid=56866112" title="Ava Hamilton">
Ava Hamilton


</doc>
<doc id="56866117" url="?curid=56866117" title="IWSF">
IWSF


</doc>
<doc id="56866119" url="?curid=56866119" title="Tom Pearce (Footballer)">
Tom Pearce (Footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56866124" url="?curid=56866124" title="Merching railway station">
Merching railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56866125" url="?curid=56866125" title="Ernst Schmidt (disambiguation)">
Ernst Schmidt (disambiguation)

Ernst Schmidt was a German Communist.
Ernst Schmidt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56866126" url="?curid=56866126" title="Complex Engineering Systems Institute">
Complex Engineering Systems Institute

The Complex Engineering Systems Institute (ISCI), housed at Universidad de Chile and having Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile as an associate institution, brings together a group of top researchers from eight Chilean universities. Each of the researchers has been invited to join ISCI in view of their academic merit and for their existing or potential synergy with other ISCI members. This is the case with the 58 current ISCI members, who come from the Universidad de Chile, Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, Universidad de Santiago de Chile, Universidad Diego Portales, Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez, Universidad de los Andes, Universidad de Talca, and Universidad de Concepción.
The researchers' group was formed on 24 January 2007 with two main goals. First, to define a solid set of engineering research areas that are both coherent and complementary, where all types of infrastructure interact with human behavior. Second, to establish a worldwide reference in Engineering research and education outside the USA and Europe, leading to a better understanding of relevant problems and attracting high-level, young researchers.
This group has gained international recognition due to the quality of the research performed by its members. An important part of this work is performed jointly with researchers from other prestigious academic organizations abroad, through formal and personal collaboration networks. It prioritizes local synergy and nationwide impact, and the influence of its members has increased in relevant decision-making agents both in the industry and in public institutions.
Research Groups.
Natural Resources.
Natural resources are the main area of exports for Chile. A major concern for the Institute has therefore been to develop projects for these industries that are both innovative and have high impact, as well as carrying out basic research. This department works with three industries: Forestry, Mining, and Salmon Farming. The work carried out led to the INFORMS (US Society for Operations Research and Management Sciences) Edelman Prize in 1998. In terms of methodological developments, the Institute addresses such problems as the integration of the forest supply chain, spatial environmental considerations in harvesting, stochastic elements in markets, and future climate change. One paper in this area was selected as the best of 2013 in the ENRE (Energy and Natural Resources) category of INFORMS.
In Mining, ISCI develops models for extraction planning in conjunction with Chile’s Codelco, the biggest copper mining company in the world. The systems developed since the early 2000s – both for open pit and underground mines – are used by the several of Codelco's mines. The application of these models has resulted in important and well-documented savings for the company. A paper presenting these results was selected as the Best Paper of 2014 in INFORMS's ENRE category. The Institute is currently developing systems to support decision-making at operational level.
In terms of production, Chile's Salmon Farming Industry is second only to Norway on the world stage. The Institute works with several salmon farming companies on the development of models for parts of the supply chain, daily operations, and logistics.
Transport.
ISCI research in Transport represents the intention behind the design of the organization by developing methodologies and contributing to a rigorous understanding of the relationships between transport system design and the behavior of users and operators, in order to conceive, plan and regulate these systems and improve the way they function. The Institute researches travel choice models (mode, destination) and the evaluation of qualitative aspects (comfort, overcrowding), the study of the time use and its evaluation (transport, work, leisure), the interaction between location and transport, the role of social networks, the analysis of walking and cycling as special modes of travel, the design, planning and pricing of public and private transport networks, specific aspects of the payment for urban travel (multi-journey travel cards, fare evasion), and optimal social policies in urban, maritime and air transport.
Markets, Organization and Regulation (MORe).
ISCI's Markets, Organization and Regulation (MORe) group – formerly known as Industrial Organization (IO) – specializes in the study of situations in which it is essential to understand how people and organizations react strategically to the actions of other agents in the environment in which they move. It studies how different alternatives in the design and regulation of markets and organizations affect the wellbeing of consumers, citizens, and, in the last instance, social welfare. Under this viewpoint, the group contributes to the discussion on such matters as free competition, the assignment of resources in the absence of financial markets, and policies to boost productivity and innovation. More group researchers focus on developing and analyzing regulatory mechanisms in key areas for the country like free competition, public concessions, transport, and innovation. The focus of the group anticipates the reaction of agents to the regulation, which in turn improves the prediction of the effects and costs of the regulation, thus allowing the authority to plan for the long term.
Energy.
The ISCI energy group is interested in the development of renewable energies in Chile and the electricity sector as a whole. Researchers of the Energy group make both theoretical and applied contributions. In the area of theory contributions is worth to mention a methodology to perform the network constrained economic dispatch optimization problem; a stochastic perturbation model to deal with uncertainties of power system stability; an optimal allocation algorithm of wind turbines by considering transmission security constraints, and new applications of smart grids in remote areas of the country.
Location and Logistics.
The group concentrates on three subjects: infrastructure and equipment location; logistics including supply chain, and land use. The location line includes the location of public infrastructure as schools and prisons, hired by the public organizations in charge of these systems. After the large earthquake in 2010, the school project focused on developing a decision making tool for deciding what urban and rural schools to reconstruct, successfully used by the Government.
ISCI also addresses other public and private location problems, in sectors that go from waste management to TV transmitting antennas. The logistics line of research results in an important reduction of the time required to attending emergencies by the firefighting system, as well as time and cost savings for private companies and public systems. ISCI also collaborates with the Chilean police in both the design of beat districts and the model and parameters used for determining strategic resource needs.
In the land use line, ISCI designs models for a best land allocation; prediction of urban land use and the effect of any new developments, e.g., transportation systems.
Smartcities.
ISCI's Smartcities group sets the challenge of using the technological tools and information available to generate developments that allow it to contribute directly to the improvement of the quality of life in cities. One such line of work is the use of real-time information to deliver recommendations to users that allow them to make better travel decisions. Another is the use of communication technologies in favor of sustainable transport. The use of sensors to study traveler behavior, the study of tele-managed smart light networks, and the impact of electric and autonomous vehicles are other examples of lines of work.
The interdisciplinary work brings important achievements. Developments include the Transapp application (available for Android and IOS), which allows users to receive and provide information on the status of the transport system. ADATRAP software allows transportation authorities to use historical information to monitor the system and make planning decisions, and the COMMANDER software is used for the dispatch of emergency vehicles.
Data Science.
The Data Science group at ISCI is composed of faculty members from different Chilean universities and from different research areas. Data mining, web mining, Internet of Things, metaheuristics are some of the fields where this group is active in teaching and research. Its members applied the respective techniques in projects for e.g. health analytics, crime analytics, education, business analytics. Fundamental research is being performed for feature selection, dynamic data mining, evolutionary algorithms, ubiquitous computing, among others. This group also disseminates research, development, and applications related to data science through conferences, seminars, and executive education courses.
Consumer Analytics.
This group focuses on the study of managerial decisions using empirical and normative models to characterize behavior and decision-making process of agents, which play a key role to improve the efficiency of the system. To analyze such systems, agent decisions are modeled using methods from a broad set of disciplines, including operations research, microeconomics, behavioral economics and consumer psychology.
The group has several research projects in collaboration with industry and public institutions, including: large big-box retail chains, retail banking, hotels, restaurants, hospitals, online market platforms, government procurement agencies, judicial courts, airlines, antitrust regulation, consumer protection agencies, among many more. Several of these projects have led to actual implementations that are currently been used in practice.
The group has an active research network with scholars from top business and engineering schools, such as Harvard, Chicago, Stanford, Columbia, MIT, and others. The annual “Management Science Workshop” organized by the group has become an internationally recognized conference attended by top scholars across the world.

</doc>
<doc id="56866128" url="?curid=56866128" title="Box Elder Canyon">
Box Elder Canyon


</doc>
<doc id="56866143" url="?curid=56866143" title="Clay County Courthouse (South Dakota)">
Clay County Courthouse (South Dakota)

The Clay County Courthouse in Vermillion, South Dakota is a Classical Revival-style courthouse built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is a two-and-a-half-story building with stone veneer, on a raised basement.

</doc>
<doc id="56866150" url="?curid=56866150" title="52nd Karlovy Vary International Film Festival">
52nd Karlovy Vary International Film Festival

The 52nd Karlovy Vary International Film Festival took place from 30 June to 8 July 2017. The Crystal Globe was won by "Little Crusader", a Czech historical drama film directed by Václav Kadrnka. The second prize, the Special Jury Prize was won by "Men Don’t Cry", a Bosnian drama film directed by Alen Drljević.
Juries.
The following people formed the juries of the festival: 
Main competition
Documentaries
East of the West
Official selection awards.
The following feature films and people received the official selection awards:
Other statutory awards.
Other statutory awards that were conferred at the festival:
Non-statutory awards.
The following non-statutory awards were conferred at the festival:

</doc>
<doc id="56866152" url="?curid=56866152" title="Schmiechen (Schwab) station">
Schmiechen (Schwab) station

Schmiechen (Schwab) is a railway station in the municipality of Schmiechen, located in the district of Aichach-Friedberg in Swabia, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56866155" url="?curid=56866155" title="Emily H. McGary Selinger">
Emily H. McGary Selinger


</doc>
<doc id="56866157" url="?curid=56866157" title="George Sephton">
George Sephton

George Sephton is a stadium announcer, matchday DJ, and after dinner speaker, known primarily for his work at Anfield for home fixtures of Liverpool Football Club. He is popularly known as The Voice of Anfield, and is England's second longest-serving stadium announcer, behind Peter Gilham of Brentford. 
Sephton's relationship with Liverpool Football Club began in 1971, when he wrote to club secretary, Peter Robinson, applying to be the stadium announcer. His first match was against Nottingham Forest on 14 August, 1971, which also marked the debut of Kevin Keegan. Since then, Sephton has occupied the room above the scoreboard on the Kop side of the Kenny Dalglish stand, for all but a handful of home fixtures. His duties include DJing for almost two hours before kick off, operating the scoreboard, announcing goalscorers and substitutions, and making commercial announcements. However, his most important role is playing You'll Never Walk Alone over the PA system just before kickoff; a tradition at Anfield that dates back to October 1963. He has played You'll Never Walk Alone at the end of special Liverpool victories as well, notably the second leg of the 2005 Champions League semifinal against Chelsea that saw Liverpool qualify for the final in Istanbul. Sephton plays a major role in the Anfield matchday experience.
Sephton is known for championing new music from local bands while DJing. His musical selections are well-liked, and there is even a thread on the popular Red and White Kop message board dedicated to his halftime choices. He is known to play the original songs from which player or manager songs, sung by supporters, are adapted. Examples include La Bamba by Ritchie Valens (adapted by fans for Rafael Benitez) and Sit Down by James (adapted by fans for Mohamed Salah).
Kenny Dalglish has said of George Sephton: "George is part of the history and tradition of this club and it would be more relevant if he left than if I left." Currently, Sephton continues his duties at Anfield, and is also an after dinner speaker, sometimes in conjunction with other Liverpool legends. His charity events and contributions around the club and the city are well known, and he engages with Liverpool supporters worldwide on his Twitter account.

</doc>
<doc id="56866160" url="?curid=56866160" title="Ernst Schmidt (physician)">
Ernst Schmidt (physician)


</doc>
<doc id="56866166" url="?curid=56866166" title="Mina Jensen">
Mina Jensen


</doc>
<doc id="56866168" url="?curid=56866168" title="WSPU march">
WSPU march


</doc>
<doc id="56866169" url="?curid=56866169" title="Francis Macdonogh">
Francis Macdonogh

Francis Macdonogh (1806 – 18 April 1882) was an Irish politician and barrister.
Macdonogh was admitted to the bar in 1829, and made a member of the Queen's Counsel in 1842, later becoming counsel to Inland Revenue for Ireland for 1858 to 1859. He was also a Justice of the Peace for County Armagh, County Kilkenny and County Sligo.
Macdonogh first stood for election as a Whig in Carrickfergus in 1857, but was unsuccessful. He was later elected as th Member of Parliament (MP) for Sligo Borough at a by-election in 1860 – caused by Arthur John Wayne's resignation – and held the seat until 1868 when he was defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="56866174" url="?curid=56866174" title="Emily McGary Selinger">
Emily McGary Selinger

Emily McGary Selinger (February 22, 1848 – 1927) was an American painter of still life and floral, author of travel writing and poetry, and an educator.
Early years and education.
Emily Harris McGary was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, February 22, 1848.
Her parents were James and Elizabeth Otis Paine (Keller) McGary. She is a descendant on her father's side of Flora McDonald. Her father, a planter, amassed a fortune in the East India trade. He died just before the American Civil War, and his family were stripped of the large fortune left them through the mismanagement of a relative and by the war. The mother took her three young daughters to Providence, Rhode Island, to educate them. Selinger was a precocious child, showing aptitude for anything in the line of music, art and language. She finished the high-school course in Providence, studied with private tutors, and ended with a course in the Cooper Institute School of Design in New York City. With art, she studied medicine, but decided not to attempt to practice in that field.
Career.
At the age of nineteen, she taught in southern schools, acting as instructor in painting, drawing, elocution, botany, French and Latin for seven years in various institutions. While teaching in Louisville, Kentucky, she read a paper on "Art Education" before a gathering of five-hundred teachers, which resulted in the establishment of a normal art-school in that city, of which she was principal. Ill-health compelled her to go north, and she returned to Providence, where she opened a studio.
In Providence, on October 9, 1882, she married Jean Paul Selinger (1850–1909), the artist. From 1882 to 1885, they traveled in Europe, studying in Italy, and while abroad Mrs. Selinger corresponded for the "Boston Transcript". She became a student of flower-painting, and earned the title "Emily Selinger, the Rose Painter." Returning to the United States, Mr. and Mrs. Selinger settled in Boston, Massachusetts. Her work was popular, and her rose pictures were found in notable collection in the United States. She was also a successful author
Exhibitions.
Selinger exhibited at the Academy of Design (New York), Boston Art Club, and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts. She was awarded the silver medal twice at the Mechanics' Association exhibits, and first prizes at several state fairs.
Personal life.
Selinger was Roman Catholic by religion. She was a member of the New England Woman's Press Association, as well as an honorary artist member of the Professional Woman's Club. She had summer studios in New Hampshire; from the mid 1880s, at Glen House, and from 1894, at Crawford House. Her papers, as well as those of her husband, are held at the Archives of American Art. Selinger died in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="56866176" url="?curid=56866176" title="Schmiechen (Schwab) railway station">
Schmiechen (Schwab) railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56866180" url="?curid=56866180" title="Theodore Collet">
Theodore Collet


</doc>
<doc id="56866182" url="?curid=56866182" title="Kimura byol-nathalie lemoine">
Kimura byol-nathalie lemoine

kimura byol-nathalie lemoine is a Korean-born, Belgium-raised activist, feminist and artist.
Biography.
Although currently using the name "kimura byol-nathalie lemoine," this artist has also published under the following names: Nathalie Lemoine, Kimura Byol, star-kim, Mihee-Nathalie Lemoine, kim byul and Cho Mihee-Nathalie Lemoine.
kimura-lemoine was born 1968 in Busan, South Korea. Ze was adopted from Korea to a Belgian childless couple then raised in Belgium. kimura-lemoine returned to South Korea for 13 years (1993 and 2006). 
kimura-lemoine uses the gender neutral pronouns 'ze' and 'zer'. Ze said ze consider zerself to be "international" as opposed to any one cultural identity.
Activism.
Ze helped found Global Overseas Adoptees' Link in 1998, an organization which aims to help adoptees find their birth families and adjust to living in that country. In 2005, ze was called the "face of overseas adoption" in South Korea.
Art.
kimura-lemoine began creating art after moving to South Korea in 1993. kimura-lemoine is a conceptual and multimedia artist who was initially influenced by German expressionism, but came to combine oriental elements. The art's themes touch on racial identity, adoption and feelings of diaspora. The art work attempts to challenge perceptions of national identity, confront fantasies about Asians in the west, and also Korean constraints. Lemoine's preferred mediums are calligraphy, painting, manipulated images, poetry, video and photography.
Zer art work was first exhibited in the "Orientity" exhibit at the Hong Kong Fringe Club in Kyoto, Japan in 2005. In 2017, they created the documentary "ARTivism" which features lesbian artists from different parts of the world.
Awards.
kimura-lemoine has earned the following awards:
Selected solo exhibitions.
The artist's selected solo exhibitions include:
Selected articles.
Following is a short list of selected news paper and magazine articles about lemoine:

</doc>
<doc id="56866186" url="?curid=56866186" title="Deir Jamal">
Deir Jamal


</doc>
<doc id="56866189" url="?curid=56866189" title="1998 Lebanese presidential election">
1998 Lebanese presidential election

An indirect presidential election was held in the Parliament of Lebanon on 13 October 1998, resulting in General Emile Lahoud being elected President of the Lebanese Republic.
By convention, the presidency is always attributed to a Maronite Christian. Under the article 49 of the Lebanese Constitution, a qualified majority of two-thirds of the members of the 128-seat Lebanese Parliament is required to elect the president. After the second round of election, the president is elected by an absolute majority.
Geneneral-in-chief of the army, Emile Lahoud, was backed by Syria and elected in a landslide 118 out of 118 votes (of the attending MPs) in the Chamber of Deputies.
118 of 128 deputies attended the session, thus reaching the required quorum of 2/3 of MPs needed to proceed. On the first round, every deputy voted for Emile Lahoud, thus immediately making him the 11th President of the Lebanese Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="56866193" url="?curid=56866193" title="Restoration Branches">
Restoration Branches


</doc>
<doc id="56866198" url="?curid=56866198" title="Xuxa Hits">
Xuxa Hits

 
Xuxa Hits was a Brazilian music television series, hosted by Xuxa Meneghel at Globo TV, which appeared between January 8 and April 16, 1995. In fact, it was a Sunday replay of the musical scene inside "Xuxa Park", in the first season of 1994, when the scenario was simple to the central title "Xuxa Park Hits". Until the end of these reruns, on April 29 of the same year, the program is again transformed into a painting of "Xuxa Park".
What was just a picture of Xuxa Park, became a success as an independent program, where Xuxa received contemporary artists, disc jockey and singers, featuring music videos. In this program, the Paquitas wore school clothes: they were the New Generation. The You Can Dance group was also part of the team at the time of the dance, and Xuxa paraded a different look every Saturday, the show was only 3 months in the air. In December 1996, at its peak, the program earned him a one-hour schedule. In April 1997 it was adapted and received the name of "Planeta Xuxa", another great success of the presenter.
Concept.
With the success of "Xuxa Park Hits", from "Xuxa Park", Globo TV decided to transform it into an independent program on Sunday afternoons under the name "Xuxa Hits". During its Sunday show, the attraction counted only with reruns of some editions recorded for the "Park" in 1994. The intention was that after the vacations of Xuxa, the program followed in the hour with unpublished editions.
Scenery.
The scenery was elaborate, in the center of the stage it had a catwalk with two stairs, and above the catwalk was a completely round entrance of paper where Xuxa came in, rescuing the paper that covered the entrance with the logo of the Xuxa Hits. The stage was like a set of houses, the walls were in black and gray stripes.
Cancellation.
Dissatisfied with the program, Xuxa asked for it to be canceled. The presenter argued that making Xuxa Hits an independent program would make Xuxa Park lose the features of a variety show. With the request of Xuxa, the attraction returned to the air like painting of Xuxa Park on April 29, 1995 gaining scenery and exclusive time.

</doc>
<doc id="56866199" url="?curid=56866199" title="Akash (Jainism)">
Akash (Jainism)


</doc>
<doc id="56866201" url="?curid=56866201" title="Akash Jainism">
Akash Jainism


</doc>
<doc id="56866203" url="?curid=56866203" title="Ordeal by Innocence (TV series)">
Ordeal by Innocence (TV series)

Ordeal by Innocence is a three-part BBC drama that was first broadcast during April 2018. It is based on the Agatha Christie novel of the same name and is the third English-language filmed version to be broadcast. The drama stars Morven Christie, Bill Nighy, Anna Chancellor, Alice Eve and Eleanor Tomlinson amongst others.
The show was originally intended to be broadcast as part of the BBC Christmas programming but was held back due to original cast member Ed Westwick being accused of sexual assault. His scenes were later reshot with Christian Cooke taking his place.
The series attracted positive reviews despite some backlash over the changes made to the plot. The direction and styling were afforded particular praise.
The series was released on DVD through Universal Pictures UK on 11 March 2019.
Synopsis.
Wealthy heiress Rachel Argyll is found bludgeoned to death in her palatial home where she lives with her husband, Leo; their five adopted children Mary, Mickey, Jack, Tina, and Hester; and their maid, Kirsten Lindquist. Jack is arrested for the crime as his fingerprints are found on the presumed murder weapon, but is killed in jail before he can stand trial.
Eighteen months later, Leo is set to marry his secretary Gwenda Vaughn, much to his children's dismay. A man named Arthur Calgary arrives and provides an alibi for Jack: he had given him a lift at the time of the murder. Calgary claims to have been working in the Arctic since the murder and only just learned about it. Leo believes him to be a charlatan and Mickey threatens him. Calgary is later approached by Mary's husband, Philip Durrant, who has become embittered towards the Argylls after being paralyzed in a car crash and suggests they work together to extort money from the family. Calgary rejects his offer but promises to clear Jack's name. Flashbacks reveal that Rachel was a cruel and unloving mother who alienated her children, giving all of them a motive to murder her.
As Calgary returns to the Argyll estate a car tries to run him down but crashes and kills the driver, Bellamy Gould, the police detective who investigated Rachel's murder. Calgary meets Leo and admits that he had lied about his background. He was a scientist who had worked on the atomic bomb and suffered a mental breakdown from guilt. The night of the murder Calgary escaped from a mental asylum and was recaptured after giving Jack a lift, and says that he saw another car on the road that night. Durrant, having antagonized many of the family members, is confronted by the killer, who murders him via a drug overdose.
The next morning Durrant's body is discovered by Leo and Calgary. The Argyll children and Kirsten begin to piece together what happened. Flashbacks show the events leading up to the murder. Jack, in an attempt to goad his mother, had confronted her with the fact that Mickey and Tina had become lovers. In turn she revealed to him that Kirsten is his biological mother and Leo his father, which caused him to flee the house. Rachel discovered Leo having sex with Gwenda and threatened to divorce him so he bludgeoned her to death with one of his Egyptian statuettes. Bellamy Gould helped frame Jack, out of rage at Jack's affair with his wife. To prevent Jack from revealing the truth about his parentage Leo and Bellamy conspired to have him killed before he could stand trial.
Back in the present, Calgary is taken back to the mental hospital on Leo's recommendation. Kirsten and the children confront Leo with their knowledge of his crime. Later that day the police search for Leo, who has disappeared. Some time later the Argyll siblings visit Calgary at the mental hospital while Kirsten checks on Leo, imprisoned in the family's bomb shelter.
Differences from the novel.
Just like many other novels and stories by Agatha Christie, "Ordeal by Innocence" is set in the West Country of England. This production shifted the location to Scotland and it was filmed in and around Inverkip.
The family name in the book is Argyle, whereas it is spelt Argyll in the programme (although the pronunciation is the same). The main suspect, Jack, is called Jacko in the book, and he dies in prison from pneumonia rather than being beaten to death.
Kirsten Lindstrom, the family's housekeeper, is a middle-aged Nordic woman in the novel, a detail that plays a key role in the book's solution; in the miniseries she is depicted as a Scottish woman in her thirties and one of Rachel's foundlings. The subplot of her and Leo being the biological parents of Jack was created for the series. Dr Calgary is portrayed as mentally disturbed in this version, putting his testimony into doubt, whereas in the book his testimony is seen as reliable from the very beginning. Other characters, such as Gwenda Vaughan, Mary Durrant and Hester Argyll, are portrayed less uncritically than they were in the novel: Gwenda is bossy and smug, Mary is deeply embittered and Hester is a secret alcoholic.
The solution has also been radically altered. In the book the murderer is Kirsten, who is seduced by Jacko and instructed to kill Rachel. Jacko then intends to use Calgary to establish an alibi for himself but this backfires when the police are unable to locate him.
Cast.
Changes in cast
Production.
The mystery drama was adapted for the screen by Sarah Phelps who was behind the previous two Christie adaptations for the BBC over the Christmas period ("And Then There Were None" and "The Witness for the Prosecution"). Phelps acknowledged changing some elements of the story, particularly the ending, and when asked about what the purists might think, she responded "I don’t give a bollocks about people saying it has to be pure. No, it doesn’t. If you want a pure adaptation, go and get someone else to do it."
The three-parter was filmed in, and around, the town of Inverkip in the Inverclyde district west of Glasgow. Ardgowan House was used as the Argyll family home of Sunny Point.
The series was originally supposed to have been broadcast over the Christmas and New Year holidays of 2017/2018, but was cancelled due to the sexual assault allegations against Westwick. Its broadcast over the Eastertide of 2018 has split the series into three episodes across three weeks which has led to some dubbing it "ordeal by iPlayer".
Reshoots.
After the drama had completed filming, the actor playing the part of Mickey Argyll (Ed Westwick) was accused of sexual assault in 2014 by two women. In the wake of other sexual assault scandals in 2017, the BBC decided to delay the broadcast pending an investigation into the allegations against Westwick.
When a third woman came forward to allege another 2014 assault by Westwick, the BBC auditioned a new actor and re-shot Westwick's part with Christian Cooke. The BBC explained that as Ridley Scott had already done something similar with "All the Money in the World" (replacing Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer), they decided to re-shoot too as, as they described it, "hundreds and hundreds of hours of people's hard earned work would have been lost". Westwick has strenuously denied the allegations and had stated that nothing had been proven.
Forty-five minutes of footage from 35 scenes was shot over 12 days with Christian Cooke. The other actors in the production were drafted in and whilst most made the time, (one production personality described them all as very busy actors), not all of them were on set together at the same time. Alice Eve, who played Gwenda Vaughn, could not make it back from America and had to be split-screened into the new footage. The actor Christian Cooke praised the production staff in getting things organised so quickly and, apart from one scene where Cooke's character has icy breath (in what was supposedly mid-summer), most critics agreed that the re-shoot went very well and that the production was "seamless".
Critical reception.
Lucy Mangan, writing in "The Guardian", gave the first episode a maximum of five stars saying "The latest adaptation, rich, dark, adult and drawing on a backdrop of postwar grief and instability, are a far cry from the sunny – still murderous, but sunny – uplands scattered with millet seed for Joan Hickson to peck at as Miss Marple".
Michael Hogan, writing in "The Sunday Telegraph", gave the episode four stars out of a possible five saying that "initially, it was ponderous and confusing, with time-hops and a wide cast of characters", but that later "the pace steadily picked up [and] by the end of the hour, this whodunit had its hooks into me". Also in "The Sunday Telegraph", Ed Cumming described the series as "taut writing" but questioned the necessity for three episodes. He also noted that "everyone was so unlikeable".
"The Times" gave the first episode four stars out of five and noted that in spite of the production having to have 35 scenes re-shot with new actor Christian Cooke, the production was seamless. Similarly, the second episode was awarded four stars out of five. The reviewer lamented that the series had been "eked out over three weeks instead of a fortnight" but had described the episode as "rattling along rather nicely". Special mention was made of Matthew Goode who "...didn't just steal every scene he was in, he convinced us that the scene belonged to him in the first place". The third episode also garnered four stars out of five from "The Times". Carol Midgley said the ending where Leo Argyll ended up being locked away in the bunker by Kirsten, "unexpected". She also said that the plot was "overboiled" and did not show whether the "Argyll children were in on it, or did they think he'd drowned?". Midgley liked it overall and said that "apart from those final shark-jumping moments, I relished every other dark, delicious thing that the writer Sarah Phelps did to the story".
The "Radio Times" reported that viewer feedback was positive although some had commented that the programme was confusing due to its forwards and backwards time jumps. Others criticised its soundtrack music and accused the male characters of looking too similar to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="56866207" url="?curid=56866207" title="President of Beşiktaş JK">
President of Beşiktaş JK


</doc>
<doc id="56866212" url="?curid=56866212" title="Brenda Kenneally">
Brenda Kenneally


</doc>
<doc id="56866213" url="?curid=56866213" title="1926 European Rowing Championships">
1926 European Rowing Championships

The 1926 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on Lake Lucerne in the Swiss city of Lucerne. The competition was for men only and they competed in all seven Olympic boat classes (M1x, M2x, M2-, M2+, M4-, M4+, M8+).
Competition.
The regatta was held on Lake Lucerne; the 1908 European Rowing Championships had also been held there. From 1933 onwards, the nearby Rotsee was used for regattas instead. The final race day in 1926 was Monday, 6 September. The Italian eight was from Canottieri Bucintoro in Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="56866214" url="?curid=56866214" title="1927 European Rowing Championships">
1927 European Rowing Championships

The 1927 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on Lake Como in the Italian Lombardy region. The competition was for men only and they competed in all seven Olympic boat classes (M1x, M2x, M2-, M2+, M4-, M4+, M8+).

</doc>
<doc id="56866216" url="?curid=56866216" title="1930 European Rowing Championships">
1930 European Rowing Championships

The 1930 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on the Meuse in the Belgian city of Liège. The competition was for men only and they competed in all seven Olympic boat classes (M1x, M2x, M2-, M2+, M4-, M4+, M8+).

</doc>
<doc id="56866218" url="?curid=56866218" title="Goin, Tennessee">
Goin, Tennessee

Goin is an unincorporated community in Claiborne County, Tennessee. It is located near State Route 33 west of Tazewell.
The community was named after the local Goin family (variant spelling of the surname is "Goins").

</doc>
<doc id="56866219" url="?curid=56866219" title="2010 Alaska C-17 crash">
2010 Alaska C-17 crash


</doc>
<doc id="56866228" url="?curid=56866228" title="Tlacote el Alto">
Tlacote el Alto

Tlacote el Alto is a small town in Querétaro, Mexico. It is located at 1910 meters above sea level, and it has a population of 518 people. It is located near another town, Tlacote el Bajo.

</doc>
<doc id="56866229" url="?curid=56866229" title="Grote (publisher)">
Grote (publisher)

Grote was a German book publishing company founded in 1849, which successively used the names G. Grote, G. Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung, and Müller-Grote.
History.
G. Grote was founded in Hamm in 1849. In 1869, Franz Vahlen (1833–1898) left his work managing the publisher to form his own publishing company. He purchased part of G. Grote's holdings as part of beginning this venture. G. Grote moved with its founder to Berlin in 1877.
G. Grote published a number of popular illustrated works in the 1870s and 80s, including the works of Charles Dickens. In 1871, G. Grote collaborated with E. A. Seemann and Alphons Dürr (1828/1829–1908) to publish the "Illustrated Christmas Catalog" in 1871, which became the most popular Christmas catalog at the time. The work was designed to encourage consumers to buy more books, rather than being a reference work intended for booksellers, as was common at the time.
The company continued to use the name "G. Grote" until at least 1892, but began using the name "G. Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung" by 1900.
In 1905, the founder's grandson, Gustav Müller-Grote (born 1867), took control of the publishing house. In 1921, G. Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung collaborated with a number of other German publishers to create a new publishing company, Deutscher Kunstverlag. Gustav's son, began working for G. Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung in 1932. By 1935, he became a partner in the firm.
When Gustav died in 1949, Hans-Dietrich continued the publishing house in Hamm as a general partnership (Offene Handelsgesellschaft). In 1957, Hans-Dietrich changed the company's legal status into a limited partnership (Kommanditgesellschaft) and relocated it to Rastatt. In 1968, the company partners were Hans-Dietrich Müller-Grote, Eleonore Müller-Grote, and .

</doc>
<doc id="56866231" url="?curid=56866231" title="Spot Lane Quarry">
Spot Lane Quarry

Spot Lane Quarry is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest on the eastern outskirts of Maidstone in Kent. It is a Geological Conservation Review site.
This site exposes loess, probably dating to the glacial Wolstonian Stage between 352,000 and 130,000 years ago. It contains the fossils of land snails, and as loess in Britain is usually unfossiliferous, it is one of the few sites where loess fauna can be studied.
The site is now a public footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="56866232" url="?curid=56866232" title="Zalingei Tarco Airlines Antonov An-24 crash">
Zalingei Tarco Airlines Antonov An-24 crash


</doc>
<doc id="56866234" url="?curid=56866234" title="María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta (La Pinturitas)">
María Ángeles Fernández Cuesta (La Pinturitas)


</doc>
<doc id="56866237" url="?curid=56866237" title="Sapho (film)">
Sapho (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56866241" url="?curid=56866241" title="La Pinturitas">
La Pinturitas


</doc>
<doc id="56866258" url="?curid=56866258" title="Custer County Courthouse (South Dakota)">
Custer County Courthouse (South Dakota)

The Custer County Courthouse in Custer, South Dakota is a courthouse built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It is a three-story red brick building "reflecting a plains adaptation of the Italian style.
A new courthouse was scheduled to be completed in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="56866261" url="?curid=56866261" title="Edward A. Kracke, Jr.">
Edward A. Kracke, Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56866262" url="?curid=56866262" title="E.A. Kracke, Jr.">
E.A. Kracke, Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56866263" url="?curid=56866263" title="Arpiar Aslanian">
Arpiar Aslanian

Arpiar Aslanian (, 16 December 1895 – 15 February 1945) was a French anti-fascist of Armenian descent, communist, husband of the writer Louise Aslanian, and a prominent figure in the French Resistance.
Early life.
Arpiar Levonovich Aslanian was born on 16 December 1895 in Etchmiadzin, (Russian Armenia) in the family of Levon and Varvara Aslanians. He had an older brother, Derenik, and a sister — Arpik. His father, Levon, was a principal in a school and also worked in the Etchmiadzin monastery, where he was in charge of the library collections.
Aslanian gets a juridical education in Tsarist Russia and becomes a lawyer.
Aslanian was a member of the Dashnaktsutyun. He had to leave Armenia to avoid prosecution by Bolsheviks.
Aslanian travels to Tabriz, where in 1923 he marries Louise Grigorian, more than ten years younger than him.
Life in France.
In 1923, the couple moved to Paris, taking with them Mania and Arshaluys (Louise's mother and sister, respectively). In Paris Louise wanted to continue her musical education playing piano. In order to let her do that, Aslanian, an educated lawyer, who is unable to practice in a foreign country, becomes a general laborer.
In 1940 Aslanian joins the French Communist Party.
French Resistance.
After the Nazis occupied France, the Aslanians joined the French Resistance in 1940. The Aslanians worked in an underground publishing house and actively engaged in supplying fighters of the French Resistance with weapons.
Aslanians had connections with Resistance activists : Missak Manouchian, Mélinée Manouchian, Arpen Tavitian, Ayk Dpirian, Shag Taturian and others.
Arrest, concentration camp, death.
On 26 July 1944 both Aslanians were arrested in France by the Nazis. Louise's diaries and manuscripts were captured and destroyed, in particular, «Histoire de la Resistance» and «La Chute de Paris».
On 15 August 1944, they were taken from Toulouse to Buchenwald. Arpiar was then transferred to the camp Dora-Mittelbau, while Louise was taken to Ravensbrück.
On 15 February 1945, Aslanian, was killed at camp Dora-Mittelbau.
Louise Aslanian was killed presumably in Ravensbrück after 2 February 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="56866272" url="?curid=56866272" title="Francesco Serao">
Francesco Serao

Francesco Serao (20 September 1702 - 5 August 1783) was an Italian physician, physicist, geologist, philosopher and scholar. He was born in San Cipriano d'Aversa and died in Naples, Italy.
Biography.
Thanks to his maternal uncle, Don Antonio Forno, Serao was taught by the Jesuits in Naples. He followed the thinking of Descartes. At eighteen, he graduated in medicine and in 1727 he was awarded the chair of theoretical medicine. In 1732 he was professor of anatomy, then of medicine.
He was a member of the Royal Academy or Academy of Sciences of Naples with his teacher Niccolò Cirillo and was a member of the Academy of Sciences of Paris, of the London Academy, of the Benedictine University of Bologna and of other important scientific and literary groups in Europe. 
He translated John Pringle's medical works into Italian. Serao was chief physician of the Kingdom of Naples and physician to King Ferdinand IV of Bourbon. Serao died in 1783 and was buried in the church of Monteverginella in Naples. 

</doc>
<doc id="56866279" url="?curid=56866279" title="Ursula B. Marvin">
Ursula B. Marvin


</doc>
<doc id="56866282" url="?curid=56866282" title="Nizza (wine)">
Nizza (wine)


</doc>
<doc id="56866286" url="?curid=56866286" title="Jean Connor">
Jean Connor


</doc>
<doc id="56866299" url="?curid=56866299" title="A. A. Bolibruch">
A. A. Bolibruch


</doc>
<doc id="56866301" url="?curid=56866301" title="Cerecetam">
Cerecetam


</doc>
<doc id="56866306" url="?curid=56866306" title="SMS S33 (1914)">
SMS S33 (1914)

SMS "S33" was a V25-class large torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy that served during the First World War. She was built by the Schichau-Werke shipyard in Elbing, East Prussia, being launched on 4 April 1914 and was completed in October that year.
"S33" served with the German High Seas Fleet in the North Sea during the First World War, taking part in the Scarborough raid on 16 December 1914, the Lowestoft Raid on 24–25 April 1916 and the Battle of Jutland on 31 May–1 June 1916. She was sunk by the British submarine in the North Sea on 3 October 1918.
Construction and design.
In 1913, the Imperial German Navy decided to build larger and more seaworthy torpedo boats in place of the smaller s that had been ordered in 1911 and 1912, which had not proved successful. The new, larger, designs would, as well as being more seaworthy, carry a heavier armament and would be oil-fueled only, rather than use the mix of oil- and coal-fueled boilers that German torpedo boats had used up to then. As was normal, orders were placed for a flotilla of 12 torpedo boats in the 1913 fiscal year, with 6 each ordered from AG Vulcan ("V25"–"V30") and Schichau-Werke ("S31"–"S36"). The two groups of torpedo boats were of basically similar layout but differed in detailed design.
The 1913 Schichau torpedo boats were long overall and at the waterline, with a beam of and a draught of . displacement was design and deep load.
Three oil-fired water-tube boilers fed steam at at two sets of Schichau direct-drive steam turbines. The machinery was rated at and gave a design speed of . 220 t of oil was carried, giving a range of at .
The ship was armed with three 8.8 cm (3.4 in) L/45 guns and six 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes, with two single tubes forward and two twin tubes aft of the ship's funnels, with the twin tubes angled out by 15 degrees. Up to 24 mines could be carried. The ship had a crew of 83 officers and men.
"S33", yard number 908, was launched on 4 April 1914 and was completed on 4 October that year.
Service.
On 15 December 1914 the German battlecruiser squadron under the command of Franz von Hipper set out on an attack on the British east coast towns of Scarborough, Hartlepool, West Hartlepool and Whitby, with the intent of drawing out parts of the British Grand Fleet where it could be defeated in detail. "S33" was part of the escort for Hipper's heavy ships, but became detached from her flotilla, and after asking by radio (and failing to receive) a course to rejoin Hipper's force, turned back and set course for home at about 2:00am on 16 December. At about 4:00am, "S33" was approaching the Dogger bank when she encountered four British destroyers at close range (). "S33" was turned onto a parallel course to the British destroyers with the hope that she would be mistaken for another British ship. She was not spotted by the British ships, and after 20 minutes steaming a parallel course, broke away and signaled by radio her sighting of the British ship.
On 23 January 1915, a German force of Battlecruisers and light cruisers, escorted by torpedo boats, and commanded by Admiral Franz von Hipper, made a sortie to attack British fishing boats on the Dogger Bank. "G9", part of the 10th Half-Flotilla, formed part of the escort for Hipper's force. British Naval Intelligence was warned of the raid by radio messages decoded by Room 40, and sent out the Battlecruiser Force from Rosyth, commanded by Admiral Beatty aboard and the Harwich Force of light cruisers and destroyers, to intercept the German force. The British and German Forces met on the morning of 24 January in the Battle of Dogger Bank. On sighting the British, Hipper ordered his ships to head south-east to escape the British, who set off in pursuit. The armoured cruiser was disabled by British shells and was sunk, but the rest of the German force escaped, with the German battlecruiser and the British battlecruiser badly damaged.
On 24–25 April 1916, Hipper's battlecruisers carried out another raid on the British coast, this time against Yarmouth and Lowestoft. "S33", as part of IX Torpedo Boat Flotilla, was part of the escort for Hipper's force.
"S33" sailed as part of the 18th half-flotilla of IX Torpedo Boat Flotilla during the Battle of Jutland, again escorting Hipper's battlecruisers. IX Flotilla took part in a torpedo attack on the British battlecruisers during the "run to the south", which was disrupted by a simultaneous attack by British destroyers on the German battlecruisers. "S33" launched two torpedoes in this attack, both of which missed, and was in turn near missed by a British torpedo. After the battlecruiser was badly damaged by British shells, "S33", together with , , and screened "Lützow". "Lützow", sinking as a result of flooding, was scuttled during the night of 31 May/1 June. "S33" was again part of IX Flotilla when it took part in the action of 19 August 1916.
Loss.
On 3 October 1918, "S33" was on patrol in the North Sea off Terschelling with , and when "S34" struck a mine and sank. The other three torpedo boats went to rescue the survivors of "S34"s crew, but these rescue operations were observed by the British submarine . "L10" torpedoed "S33", but inadvertently surfaced immediately afterwards and was engaged and sunk with all hands by "V28" and "V29". "S33" also sank, with the loss of five of her crew.

</doc>
<doc id="56866309" url="?curid=56866309" title="Braden Halladay">
Braden Halladay


</doc>
<doc id="56866323" url="?curid=56866323" title="Library of Congress Literacy Award">
Library of Congress Literacy Award


</doc>
<doc id="56866325" url="?curid=56866325" title="2018 in Niger">
2018 in Niger

This article lists events from the year 2018 in Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="56866327" url="?curid=56866327" title="David M. Rubenstein Prize">
David M. Rubenstein Prize


</doc>
<doc id="56866330" url="?curid=56866330" title="Library of Congress Literacy Awards">
Library of Congress Literacy Awards


</doc>
<doc id="56866333" url="?curid=56866333" title="Leibniz Information Centre for Economics">
Leibniz Information Centre for Economics


</doc>
<doc id="56866335" url="?curid=56866335" title="Lake County Courthouse (South Dakota)">
Lake County Courthouse (South Dakota)

The Lake County Courthouse in Madison, South Dakota was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The courthouse is at the center of a square block which also includes a Public Safety Building, which is a jail.
It was designed by architects Hugill &amp; Blatherwick in Art Deco style.

</doc>
<doc id="56866348" url="?curid=56866348" title="Hannah Hay-O'Connor">
Hannah Hay-O'Connor


</doc>
<doc id="56866354" url="?curid=56866354" title="2003–04 1. FC Nürnberg season">
2003–04 1. FC Nürnberg season

The 2003–04 1. FC Nürnberg season happened from 4 August 2003 to 23 May 2004.
Season review.
The 2003–04 1. FC Nürnberg season started on 4 August 2003 against Karlsruher SC. Nürnberg won 3–2.

</doc>
<doc id="56866356" url="?curid=56866356" title="Samantha Nassolo">
Samantha Nassolo

Samantha Nassolo (born c. 1988), is Ugandan businesswoman and entrepreneur, who is the founder and promoter of "Miss Lira Beauty Pageant". She concurrently serves as the manager of "Club Angels Royale", a nightclub in the town of Lira, in the Northern Region of Uganda.
Background and education.
Nassolo was born in Buganda circa 1988. She attended local elementary and secondary schools. She was admitted to Makerere University Business School, in the Nakawa Division of Kampala the capital and largest city of Uganda. She graduated with a Bachelor of Travel &amp; Tourism Management.
Career.
Following her graduation from university, Nassolo found employment as a restaurant manager, in Kampala. In 2015, she took up employment as the Manager at "Club Angels Royale", in Lira, Lira District, in Northern Uganda, approximately , by road, north of the national capital, Kampala. As of March 2018, she still serves in that capacity.
Miss Lira Beauty Pageant.
Soon upon her arrival at her new work station, Nassolo took notice of the large number of beautiful young women who flocked to her nightclub on a regular basis. On further inquiry, she found out that the majority were school drop-outs.
Nassolo had participated in beauty pageants while in school, and was aware of how empowering that experience felt, and how participation boosted one's self-esteem. Motivated by a desire to help, at least some of the girls, she conceived the idea to start the annual "Miss Lira Beauty Pageant". She wrote to corporate sponsors and some responded positively, including the manufactures of Pepsi, Riham soda and Movit skin cream.
The first Miss Lira Beauty Pageant was held in February 2016 at Angels Royale Nightclub, with nine contestants, above the age of 18 years (the age of majority in Uganda). The 2017 competition attracted 17 age-qualified contestants. In 2018, 22 ladies qualified as contestants. However, only six made it into the competition because of multiple withdrawals, as a result of lack of family support.
The pageant has some limited success, with a number of contestants going on to find long-term employment in broadcasting, retail trade and some have gone on to contest and win in other beauty pageants. Many of contestants act as role-models for other young women in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="56866363" url="?curid=56866363" title="Juliana Stein">
Juliana Stein

Juliana Scotá Stein (born in Passo Fundo - RS, 1970) is a visual artist and photographer. She graduated in Psychology from Universidade Federal do Paraná (UFPR) in 1992 and lived in Firenze and Veneza where she studied art. She continued to work with photography during the 1990s, developing her craft.
Stein's work is based in experimentation and poetic reading, leading to a reflection on the production process and rendering of the final image. She has achieved critical success in Brazil and abroad, participating in the 29th Bienal de São Paulo and joining the Latin American pavilion at the 55th Bienal de Veneza, in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="56866389" url="?curid=56866389" title="Breakaway (Big Pig song)">
Breakaway (Big Pig song)

"Breakaway" is a cover of American R&amp;B singer Chuck Jackson's song "I Can't Break Away" by Australian band Big Pig. It was originally released on November2, 1987 in the United Kingdom. In Australia, it was released on February 15, 1988, as the third single from their debut album "Bonk". The song, written by Mitchell Bottler and Gary Zekley, is about freedom and fighting against destiny. Like many other Big Pig songs, "Breakaway" features plentiful drums and percussion but no guitars.
The song became the band's most successful single, reaching number one in New Zealand in May 1988. It also reached number eight in their native Australia and managed to chart in North America, reaching number 60 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 10 on Canada's "RPM" Top Singles chart. Its earlier UK release saw the song peak at number 89 on the UK Singles Chart.
In 1989, the song appeared on the soundtrack to the science-fiction comedy film "Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure", also appearing in the film's opening credits.
Track listing.
White Label Records 7-inch single
White Label Records 12-inch maxi-single
A&amp;M Records 12-inch maxi single promo

</doc>
<doc id="56866394" url="?curid=56866394" title="MetroCard vending machine">
MetroCard vending machine


</doc>
<doc id="56866399" url="?curid=56866399" title="Homeless Workers Movement">
Homeless Workers Movement


</doc>
<doc id="56866401" url="?curid=56866401" title="Single Ride MetroCard">
Single Ride MetroCard


</doc>
<doc id="56866403" url="?curid=56866403" title="Single-ride MetroCard">
Single-ride MetroCard


</doc>
<doc id="56866404" url="?curid=56866404" title="SingleRide MetroCard">
SingleRide MetroCard


</doc>
<doc id="56866405" url="?curid=56866405" title="SingleRide ticket">
SingleRide ticket


</doc>
<doc id="56866406" url="?curid=56866406" title="SingleRide Ticket">
SingleRide Ticket


</doc>
<doc id="56866410" url="?curid=56866410" title="2018–19 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season">
2018–19 Heart of Midlothian F.C. season

The 2018–19 season was the 122nd season of competitive football by Heart of Midlothian (Hearts) with the team participating in the Scottish Premiership. Hearts are playing their fourth consecutive season in the top tier of Scottish football, having been promoted from the Scottish Championship at the end of the 2014–15 season. They reached the Semi-final of the Scottish League Cup and reached the Final of the Scottish Cup.
Results and fixtures.
Friendlies.
Hearts will return for pre-season training on 21 June, with the first preseason friendly scheduled to take place against Arbroath at the start of July. Further preseason friendlies are scheduled to take place against Dumbarton, Partick Thistle, Queen of the South and Forfar Athletic. A scheduled trip to Germany for a training camp was cancelled.
During the winter break Hearts travelled to Murcia for a five-day training camp. Whilst in Spain they are scheduled to play a bounce game against Lokeren.
Premiership.
The Scottish Premiership fixture list was announced on 15 June 2018. Hearts began the season with a 4–1 away victory against Hamilton Academical at New Douglas Park.
 
 
League Cup.
Having not qualified for Europe Hearts entered the League Cup at the group stages. On 25 May, Hearts were drawn in Group C, alongside Cove Rangers, Cowdenbeath, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Raith Rovers. On 18 July 2018, Hearts played Cove Rangers, which marked the first competitive match at Balmoral Stadium. Olly Lee opened the scoring after 11 minutes, before fellow debutante Steven MacLean doubled the advantage in the second half. Cove pulled one back via Paul McManus with 15 minutes remaining, but were unable to equalise. During the 65th minute of the match Andrew Irving entered the field of play, replacing Olly Lee. Irving's contract extension had not been correctly lodged with the Scottish Football Association, rendering him ineligible to play as his registration expired on 9 June. An SPFL disciplinary hearing took place on Monday 23 July, as a result of which Hearts were deducted two points from the group stages and fined £10,000, with £8,000 of the fine suspended until the end of the next season.
Hearts next group match was against Raith Rovers. Kevin Nisbet opened the scoring early in the second half for the home side, before Michael Smith equalised from 25 yards out. In the 90th minute Christophe Berra had a goal disallowed for impeding the keeper, however replays showed the foul was committed by a fellow Raith player. With the sides level at 1–1 penalties were taken, with Hearts taking the bonus point 4–2 on penalties. The group stage was wound up with two 5 – 0 wins at Tynecastle Park against Cowdenbeath and Inverness Caledonian Thistle, with goals from Steven MacLean, Uche Ikpeazu, Peter Haring, Steven Naismith, Michael Smith and Ben Garuccio. The result against Inverness meant Hearts qualified to the Second round on goal difference.
Scottish Cup.
Heart of Midlothian entered the competition in the fourth round of competition as one of the sixteens teams to enter in this round of the competition. Their first opponent was at Tynecastle Park to Premiership side Livingston where a goal from Sean Clare saw the team win the match 1–0.
In the fifth round they was drawn against Junior club Auchinleck Talbot at home who had knocked out a Championship side in the previous round. The match saw four different goal scorers with Christophe Berra scoring the opener in the tenth minute of play. Two more goals from Demetri Mitchell and Steven MacLean opened the gap to three goals before the break. A goal in the second half from Aidan Keena secured the 4–0 win but not before an injury forced them down to ten men for the final twelve minutes.
The quarter final saw the team travel to Firhill Stadium for the match against Championship side Partick Thistle. After an early goal from Christophe Berra, the team dominated the game with 59% of the possession. The tie though headed into a replay after Christie Elliott scored to level the match in the 72nd minute. The replay at Tyncastle Park saw the away team getting the opening goal in the 17th minute from a Scott McDonald tap to give the championship side the early lead. But a goal from Uche Ikpeazu and the penalty conversation from Sean Clare saw Hearts qualify for the semi-final.
For Hearts, this meant a semi final with another Championship side in Inverness in the first of two matches at Hampden Park. After a lacklustre first half, Uche Ikpeazu broke deadlock for the Hearts in the 49th minute with the shot coming off a deflection. After Jamie McCart goal was deemed offside in the 61st minute, John Souttar doubled the lead only four minutes later. Sean Clarke gave Hearts a 3–0 victory after Ikpeazu was brought down by Mark Ridgers to give a penalty which was converted.
First team player statistics.
Captains.
Christophe Berra continued as captain for season 2018–19, having been re-appointed as captain the previous season. Only six games into the season Berra suffered a torn hamstring at Tynecastle against Celtic, ruling himself out for a period of around 6 months. In his absence three other players were given the opportunity to captain Hearts. Fellow defender John Souttar was initially appointed captain in his absence at the age of 21, however whilst on international duty with Scotland Souttar injured the lining of his hip and was ruled out for five months. With Berra and Souttar injured Steven Naismith took the captain's armband for the first time against Aberdeen on 20 October 2018. Naismith's stint as Captain lasted just three games, as he suffered a tear in the cartilage in his knee during the League Cup Semi-final and was ruled out for a period of six to eight weeks. This led to Peter Haring becoming the fourth player of the season to play as captain.
Berra returned as captain earlier than anticipated on 2 December versus Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="56866412" url="?curid=56866412" title="U.S. Embassy in Nepal">
U.S. Embassy in Nepal


</doc>
<doc id="56866421" url="?curid=56866421" title="Political activities of Robert Mercer">
Political activities of Robert Mercer


</doc>
<doc id="56866424" url="?curid=56866424" title="Douglas County Courthouse (South Dakota)">
Douglas County Courthouse (South Dakota)

The Douglas County Courthouse and Auditor's Office in Armour, South Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The courthouse, built in 1927, is a Classical Revival building designed by Sioux Falls architects Perkins &amp; McWayne. It is a three-story red brick building, in plan, with brick laid in Flemish bond.
The former auditor's office, which in 1976 was the Douglas County Museum, is a one-story brick building designed by W.L. Dow &amp; Son which was built in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="56866435" url="?curid=56866435" title="Douglas County Courthouse (Armour, South Dakota)">
Douglas County Courthouse (Armour, South Dakota)


</doc>
<doc id="56866438" url="?curid=56866438" title="Muhammad bin Yahya">
Muhammad bin Yahya

Habib Muhammad bin Yahya (; full name: (); 1844 CE/1260 AH - February 17, 1947 CE/Rabi' al-awwal 26, 1366 AH) or better known as the title of Prince Noto Igomo was an Indonesian scholar from Hadhramaut who became the Grand Mufti of Kutai during the reign of Sultan Aji Muhammad Alimuddin (1899-1910).
Biography.
Early life.
Habib Muhammad bin Yahya was born in 1260 AH (1844 CE) in Al-Masilah, a small village in Hadhramaut. Muhammad came from the family of Ba 'Alawi sada surnamed Aal bin Yahya, his father named Sayyid Ali bin Hasan bin Thaha bin Yahya (d.1875), while his mother was a Sharifah from the family of bin Thahir. The father of his grandfather, Habib Thaha bin Muhammad bin Yahya was his ancestor who first entered Nusantara. He first entered Indonesia via Penang, Malaysia. In Penang, he met Sultan Hamengkubuwana II (1750–1828) who exiled by the Netherlands, who later became his disciple as well as his father-in-law.
Personal life.
During his lifetime, Habib Muhammad bin Yahya was married to four women. "First", he married in Tarim while traveling from Hadhramaut to Aden via Tarim, from which he had no offspring. "Secondly", when traveling from Batavia to Surabaya he married a girl from Surabaya who gave him a daughter named Sharifah Fatimah. "Third", he married in Ambon while traveling from Surabaya to Ambon to meet his cousin Habib Abdullah bin Ali bin Abdurrahman bin Thahir, from whom he had a son named Sayyid Ali. "Fourth", he married in Tenggarong with Aji Aisyah gelar Aji Raden Resminingpuri, daughter of Aji Muhammad Alimuddin (19th Sultan of Kutai) and sister of Aji Muhammad Parikesit (20th Sultan of Kutai). From his marriage to Aji Aisyah, he was awarded 9 children, 6 men (Sayid Ahmad, Sayid Umar, Sayid Ali, Sayid Barri, Sayid Abdul Maula, and Sayid Hussein) and 3 women (Sharifah Sehhah, Sharifah Nur, and Sharifah Fatimah). Because of his marriage to the Kutai nobility, his descendants were later given the title Aji Sayid for men and Aji Syarifah for women. Adji Raden Sajid Fadly, an Indonesian actor from Samarinda is one of his descendants.
Migrate to Indonesia.
Journey from Hadhramaut.
The thing behind the immigration of Habib Muhammad bin Yahya to Indonesia in addition to visiting his relatives in Batavia (now Jakarta) and Ambon who first migrated, also for trade and preach. The route from Al-Masilah, Hadhramaut to Indonesia there are two versions, "first", from Masilah-Tarim-Aden-Batavia-Surabaya-Ambon-Tenggarong; second, from Masilah-Tarim-Aden-Batavia-Surabaya-Ambon-Surabaya-Tenggarong.
On his journey from Al-Masilah to Indonesia, Habib Muhammad passed Aden through Tarim. At Tarim, he's staying in a house where the owner is exposed to leprosy. By Allah's permission, the owner of the house affected by the leprosy was treated by him and healed. As gratitude, the homeowner then marry off his niece with Habib Muhammad. After surviving in Tarim for some time, Habib Muhammad then continued his journey to Aden until he reached Batavia.
In Batavia, he visited his maternal uncle, Habib Abu Bakar bin Thahir. After continuing his journey to Surabaya, in Boto Putih he studied religion to Habib Shaykh Bafaqih. In addition, he also met his cousin named Habib Abdullah bin Ali bin Abdurrahman bin Thahir who was in Ambon.
Arrival in Tenggarong.
Habib Muhammad bin Yahya arrived at Tenggarong in 1877. In Tenggarong, he married the daughter of Sultan Aji Muhammad Alimuddin (19th Sultan of Kutai) named Aji Aisyah gelar Aji Raden Resminingpuri.
Activity.
Mufti of Kutai.
Sultan Aji Muhammad Alimuddin gave the position as the penghulu and mufti of the sultanate who had full authority to take care of all sultanate issues about religious to Habib Muhammad bin Yahya. He also obtained an honorary title from the Sultan with the title "Raden Syarif Penghulu", then was continued with the title of "Prince Noto Igomo". During his tenure, Prince Noto Igomo teaches Islam such as the laws of Sharia and Sufism to the people of Tenggarong and surrounding areas.
Together with the Islamic scholars, he encouraged the acceleration of Islamic preaching in Kalimantan. One of the da'wah colleagues who supported his "jihad" was Habib Alwi bin Abdullah al-Habsy, an Arab Captain in Barabai, South Kalimantan. Both are close friends while in Hadhramaut and reunited in the land of Borneo.
Other activities.
In addition to taking care and teaching religion, he also paid attention to people's welfare issues by way of inviting people to work on plantations. Together with the community, he then opened a coconut plantation in Sangkulirang, East Kutai; rattan plantations in Sandaran, East Kutai; and rubber plantations in Bukit Jering, Muara Kaman, Kutai Kartanegara.
Died.
On 26 Rabi' al-awwal 1366 AH or coinciding with 17 February 1947 CE, Habib Muhammad bin Yahya gelar Raden Syarif Prince Noto Igomo died. His corpse was buried in Makam Kelambu Kuning, Tenggarong, Kutai Kartanegara Regency, East Kalimantan. The restingplace was adjacent to the tomb of his wife and father-in-law, Sultan Aji Muhammad Alimuddin. Ceremonial to remember the death ("haul") of Habib Muhammad bin Yahya was always commemorated every year in Hasanuddin Mosque, Tenggarong.

</doc>
<doc id="56866440" url="?curid=56866440" title="Anel Hebibović">
Anel Hebibović

Anel Hebibović (born 7 July 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bosnian Premier League club Sarajevo.
Honours.
Igman Konjic
Sarajevo
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56866453" url="?curid=56866453" title="MetroCard vending machines">
MetroCard vending machines


</doc>
<doc id="56866459" url="?curid=56866459" title="Desulfonation reaction">
Desulfonation reaction

In organic chemistry, the desulfonation reaction is the hydrolysis of sulfonic acids:
The reaction applied to aryl and naphthylsulfonic acids. It is the reverse of sulfonation. The temperature of desulfonation correlates with the ease of the sulfonation:
Applications in synthesis.
This reactivity is exploited in the regiospecific preparation of many di- and tri-substituted aromatic compounds. 2-Chlorotoluene for example can be prepared by chlorination of p-toluenesulfonic acid, followed by hydrolysis. The method is also useful for the preparation of 2,6-dinitroaniline and 2-bromophenol via phenol-2,4-disulfonic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="56866463" url="?curid=56866463" title="The National Geographic Society’s Emerging Explorer">
The National Geographic Society’s Emerging Explorer


</doc>
<doc id="56866465" url="?curid=56866465" title="List of Hindi television sitcoms">
List of Hindi television sitcoms


</doc>
<doc id="56866472" url="?curid=56866472" title="1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1965 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 27th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Cheng Min-chih and Lin Hui-ching defeated Noriko Yamanaka and Masako Seki in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56866473" url="?curid=56866473" title="Sindhi Boli Qomi Boli">
Sindhi Boli Qomi Boli


</doc>
<doc id="56866479" url="?curid=56866479" title="Daniel S. Piper House">
Daniel S. Piper House

The Daniel S. Piper House is a historic farmstead complex in Medford, Minnesota, United States. Consisting of an interconnected house, summer kitchen, shed, and barn, it is Minnesota's only known surviving example of a property type imported by settlers from New England. The Piper House complex was built in 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 for having state-level significance in the themes of agriculture, architecture, and exploration/settlement. It was nominated for being the only surviving example of a distinctive property type and for being a symbol of Minnesota's many New Englander pioneers.

</doc>
<doc id="56866481" url="?curid=56866481" title="U.S. Embassy in Kathmandu">
U.S. Embassy in Kathmandu


</doc>
<doc id="56866482" url="?curid=56866482" title="Chortle.co.uk">
Chortle.co.uk


</doc>
<doc id="56866483" url="?curid=56866483" title="Otoboke Beaver">
Otoboke Beaver

Otoboke Beaver (in Japanese おとぼけビ～バ～) is a punk rock band from Kyoto, Japan. According to its members, the band plays a "fast-paced and aggressive style of punk-rock," with "frequent changes in rhythm and tempo," accompanied by "gang vocals." Their songs feature love and relationships as regular themes, often based on singer Accorinrin's own experiences.
History.
The band is named after a love hotel in Osaka near the high school of one of the band members. They formed in 2009 while the members were active in the "Rock Commune" music club at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. The original members were Accorinrin on lead vocals, Yoyoyoshie on guitar, Pop on drums, and Nishikawachi on bass.
In June 2011, Otoboke Beaver released a demo CD featuring three songs, including an early version of "Chuchu Song", a live track that would be later re-recorded and distributed to people who helped fund the band's first trip to the United States.
In 2012, the group released their first live album through Egypt Records. In 2013, they released a limited-edition single through Jet Set Records, featuring the newly recorded "Otobokebeaver Daijikenbo" and two live tracks. In March of the same year, the band released the mini-album "Love Me Sign". Bassist Nishikawachi left the band in 2013 and was replaced by Hiro-Chan, a fan who asked to join via e-mail.
Otoboke Beaver participated in Record Store Day 2015, releasing the single "Akimahenka" on vinyl. In 2016, the band signed with UK-based label Damnably. The "Okoshiyasu!! Otoboke Beaver" compilation album was released, featuring the majority of the songs found on the group's first two mini-albums, with the addition of the "Akimahenka" track. The band recorded a live session on XFM and toured the UK with Shonen Knife and Leggy. The EP "Bakuro Book" followed shortly thereafter, with another EP titled "Love is Short!!" appearing the following year for Record Store Day 2017. The song "Love Is Short!!" reached the UK singles chart.
The band began touring internationally in 2016, including dates at the 100 Club in London and SXSW in the United States in 2017. Their trip to SXSW was financially assisted by fan-funding via Campfire and Kickstarter. In 2018, the band traveled over 24,000 miles in one week to play two slots at the Coachella Festival and a three-date headlining tour in the UK with label-mates Say Sue Me and Leggy. Other notable tour-mates have included The Cribs, Miyavi, Guitar Wolf, and Wussy.
The album "Okoshiyasu!! Otoboke Beaver" was re-released on vinyl for Record Store Day in 2018. In that year, founding drummer Pop announced her departure from the band. Pop was replaced by Kahokiss, who had attended the same university music club as the band's founding members almost a decade before.
In March 2019, Otoboke Beaver performed at SXSW in Austin, Texas. The album "Itekoma Hits", featuring new songs and compiling some previously-released singles, was released by Damnably in April 2019. The non-album single "Yobantoite Mojo" was released in late 2019; the song also served as the theme song for the Japanese TV comedy "Susumu Inomata and 8 Mojo".
Critical response.
Otoboke Beaver's music has garnered them praise from the likes of "Pitchfork" ("even if their music is not explicitly feminist, there is power in hearing a group of four Asian women say exactly what they want"), and also from NPR, The Fader, "Stereogum", "i-D", and "Fujirock Express".
In 2017, they were nominated for Best Live Act at the AIM Independent Music Awards. They have been featured on BBC6 radio.
Members.
Current members
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="56866493" url="?curid=56866493" title="Capo Comino Lighthouse">
Capo Comino Lighthouse

Capo Comino Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on the easternmost promontory of Sardinia, in the municipality of Siniscola, on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse, built in 1903, was activated by the Regia Marina only in 1925 and consists of a masonry quadrangular tower, high with balcony and lantern, attached to the seaside 3-storey white keeper's house. The lantern is painted in white, the lantern dome in grey metallic, and is positioned at above sea level and emits one white flash in a 5 seconds period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and operated by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1230 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56866495" url="?curid=56866495" title="Fredrick C. Sorensen House">
Fredrick C. Sorensen House


</doc>
<doc id="56866498" url="?curid=56866498" title="Schongau station">
Schongau station

Schongau station is a railway station in the town of Schongau, located in the district of Weilheim-Schongau in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56866500" url="?curid=56866500" title="Kwai Shing East Estate (constituency)">
Kwai Shing East Estate (constituency)

Kwai Shing East Estate is one of the 31 constituencies of the Kwai Tsing District Council. The seat elects one member of the council every four years. It was first created in the 1994 elections. Its boundary is loosely based on Kwai Shing East Estate in Kwai Chung.

</doc>
<doc id="56866526" url="?curid=56866526" title="Lost &amp; Found (Eye Cue song)">
Lost &amp; Found (Eye Cue song)


</doc>
<doc id="56866537" url="?curid=56866537" title="2017-18 Gibraltar Women's Football League">
2017-18 Gibraltar Women's Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56866538" url="?curid=56866538" title="Norman O'Bryan (1894-1968)">
Norman O'Bryan (1894-1968)


</doc>
<doc id="56866539" url="?curid=56866539" title="1963 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1963 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56866541" url="?curid=56866541" title="2018-19 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1">
2018-19 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1


</doc>
<doc id="56866542" url="?curid=56866542" title="1965 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1965 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56866543" url="?curid=56866543" title="2018-19 FC Schalke 04 season">
2018-19 FC Schalke 04 season


</doc>
<doc id="56866546" url="?curid=56866546" title="2018 in Yemen">
2018 in Yemen

Events in the year 2018 in Yemen.

</doc>
<doc id="56866551" url="?curid=56866551" title="Marionette (2018 film)">
Marionette (2018 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56866552" url="?curid=56866552" title="Get to You (disambiguation)">
Get to You (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56866556" url="?curid=56866556" title="Coitus saxonicus">
Coitus saxonicus


</doc>
<doc id="56866558" url="?curid=56866558" title="John Patrick Somers">
John Patrick Somers

John Patrick Somers (1791–1862) was an Irish Liberal, Repeal Association and Whig politician.
Political career.
Somers was first elected MP as a Whig candidate for Sligo Borough in the 1837 general election, and was re-elected several times, including in 1841 when he stood as a Repeal Association candidate. His term was brought to an end in March 1848, when the result of the 1847 general election in which he had been elected unopposed was overturned, as he did not possess the required property qualifications, and he was unseated.
At the resulting by-election in April, Somers again stood as a Repeal Association candidate, but was defeated by the Liberal Charles Towneley. But this election too was overturned, due to Towneley being guilty of treating, and at the next by-election in July, Somers was again re-elected as a Repeal Association candidate. Yet, standing as a Whig at the following general election in 1852 he was again defeated by Towneley, in an election which was again overturned due to bribery on both sides. At the ensuing by-election in July 1853, Somers stood as a Liberal candidate but was defeated by the opposing Liberal John Sadleir.
Nevertheless, Somers persisted, standing unsuccessfully at the 1857 by-election caused by Sadleir's death, when he was beaten by the Conservative candidate, John Arthur Wynne. Somers was finally returned to Parliament at the 1857 general election, only for this result to be overturned with the vote numbers revised after several electors, including the Mayor of Sligo, was refused a vote. The revisited results put his opponent, Wynne, one vote ahead, and Somers was again unseated in July 1857, almost four months after the general election.
While Somers attempted to regain the seat in 1859 and 1860, he was ultimately unsuccessful and then retired from politics.
Other activities.
Somers was part of the provisional committee of the Irish West Coast Railway, joining in 1845. He was also a Justice of the Peace for County Sligo.

</doc>
<doc id="56866559" url="?curid=56866559" title="Marionette (film)">
Marionette (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56866568" url="?curid=56866568" title="Saphenofemoral junction">
Saphenofemoral junction

The sapheno-femoral junction (SFJ) is located at the saphenous opening within the groin and formed by the meeting of the great saphenous vein (GSV), common femoral vein and the superficial inguinal veins (confluens venosus subinguinalis). It is one of the distinctive points where a superficial vein meets a deep vein and at which incompetent valves may occur.
Structure.
The SFJ can be located in the groin crease, or in a 3 × 3 cm region situated up to 4 cm to the side and up to 3cm below to the pubic tubercle. It is nearer to the pubic tubercle in younger and thinner subjects. 
The GSV has two valves near the SFJ. One is a terminal valve about 1-2mm from the opening into the femoral vein and the other is about 2cm away.

</doc>
<doc id="56866571" url="?curid=56866571" title="Augsburg-Oberhausen railway station">
Augsburg-Oberhausen railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56866573" url="?curid=56866573" title="Aerocycle">
Aerocycle


</doc>
<doc id="56866574" url="?curid=56866574" title="Tsunao Isomura">
Tsunao Isomura

Tsunao Isomura is a former female international table tennis player from Japan.
Table tennis career.
She won a silver medal in the 1965 World Table Tennis Championships in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event) with Naoko Fukatsu, Masako Seki and Noriko Yamanaka for Japan.
She also won two Asian Games medals.

</doc>
<doc id="56866575" url="?curid=56866575" title="Leon S. Davis">
Leon S. Davis

Leon Stafford Davis (August 29, 1895 – May 3, 1968) was a politician and real estate agent in the U.S. state of Oregon. A Republican, he served in the Oregon Legislative Assembly representing Hillsboro.
Early life.
Davis grew up on a farm near the city of Beaverton, Oregon, and went to school in that community. During World War I he served in combat, before returning to Washington County, where he worked for the "Hillsboro Argus".
Political career.
During the Great Depression, he served as an administrator with Oregon's State Emergency Relief Agency (SERA). Davis served as manager of the Washington County Fair in 1950, and was then elected as the president of the Oregon Fairs Association in 1952.
He was then elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 1952, taking office on January 12, 1953, replacing J. O. Johnson in District 4. He won reelections, and served in the House through the 1961 session. District 4 then went to future governor Victor Atiyeh. After leaving the legislature, Davis ran for Washington County Commissioner in 1964, losing in the November election to Joe Van Dyke. At the time, he owned a real estate firm, and had been elected as president of the Oregon Association of Realtors. Davis died in 1968, with the Oregon Legislature paying tribute the next session in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="56866584" url="?curid=56866584" title="Mladen Bojanić">
Mladen Bojanić

Mladen Bojanić (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Младен Бојанић; born 14 October 1962) is a Montenegrin economist, politician and former MP. He was one of the founders and former secretary general of socially liberal Positive Montenegro (PCG) party. He ran for President of Montenegro at the 2018 elections. Since November 2020 Bojanić is currently the Minister of Capital Investments in the Government of Montenegro and the cabinet of Zdravko Krivokapić since December 2020.
Biography.
Bojanić, was born in 1962 in Titograd (present-day Podgorica), Montenegro, at that time part of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro of SFR Yugoslavia. He graduated at the Faculty of Economics at the Veljko Vlahović University in Titograd. He was a member of the Board for the Association of Banks, other Financial Organizations and Insurance Companies of the Chamber of Commerce of Montenegro. In 2011, he was vice-president of the Assembly of the Council of Economists of Montenegro.
Political career.
He decided to enter political life in 2012 by joining the newly founded social liberal Positive Montenegro party. He served as party secretary general, which was one of the key positions in party and one of the party representatives in the Parliament of Montenegro. In 2014, he decided to leave the party due to disagreements with party leader Darko Pajović and decides to continue activities as an independent MP.
In 2016, he was part of Resistance to Hopelessness, an anti-establishment and military neutrality political movement and support Democratic Front list for 2016 parliamentary election. On 9 March 2018, the presidency of Democratic Front decides to support Bojanić to run for president of Montenegro at April 2018 presidential election, his candidacy was previously proposed by Democratic Montenegro and United Reform Action. Socialist People's Party, United Montenegro and the Democratic Front also supported his candidacy.
During the campaign, he declared himself a Montenegrin by ethnicity, speaker of the Serbian language and a believer of the Serbian Orthodox Metropolitanate of Montenegro and the Littoral. At the election, Bojanić came second, behind Milo Đukanović, with 33.40% of the vote. He was part of 2019 anti-corruption protests and 2019-2020 Clerical protests.

</doc>
<doc id="56866590" url="?curid=56866590" title="Stephanie Kurlow">
Stephanie Kurlow

Stephanie Kurlow is an Australian dancer and ballet student often credited as being the world's first "Hijabi Ballerina".
Kurlow was born to an Australian father and Russian mother. She grew up in the suburbs of Sydney and began dancing at the age of two. Stephanie stopped dancing at the age of nine in 2010 as there were no dance studios that catered to her beliefs. Inspired by Stephanie's dream, her mother, Alsu Kurlow, opened a performing arts academy in 2012 that offers ballet, martial arts, and aboriginal art classes for girls. She began wearing the hijab full-time when she was eleven years old. Kurlow launched an online campaign to raise money for full-time classical ballet training, raising over $7000. Kurlow lists African-American ballet dancer Misty Copeland, Chinese-Australian ballet dancer Li Cunxin, and Emirati figure skater Zahra Lari as her inspirations. She plans to open her own dance school in the future geared towards diverse youths of various backgrounds. Kurlow is an ambassador for "Remove Hate From The Debate", a campaign that assists youth in identifying online hate speech and tackling it. She is a recipient of the "Aim for the Stars" scholarship and the "Game Changer Scholarship" by Björn Borg. Kurlow was invited as a guest speaker to Indonesia for the Resonation Women's Empowerment Conference in 2017. She also received a scholarship to The Royal Danish Ballet summer school in 2018. Kurlow was featured in a Lenovo campaign with designer Tarese Klemens for International Women's Day in 2018. She was also featured in a global campaign with Converse named 'Love The Progress' in 2019, which is inviting women to redefine what girl means. Kurlow is currently working towards her goal of becoming the world's first Hijabi ballet dancer to dance in a professional ballet company.

</doc>
<doc id="56866595" url="?curid=56866595" title="Downtown Salem Historic District (Salem, South Dakota)">
Downtown Salem Historic District (Salem, South Dakota)

The Downtown Salem Historic District in Salem, South Dakota is a small () historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It contained just three contributing buildings, at 140, 200 and 201 N. Main.
The three buildings are corner buildings facing onto N. Main Street. They were built in 1889, 1902 and 1914. The three buildings were deemed to be the only ones surviving in Salem's business district and having historic integrity.
The buildings are:

</doc>
<doc id="56866600" url="?curid=56866600" title="Frank Morton">
Frank Morton

Frank Morton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56866604" url="?curid=56866604" title="British policy in Sudan">
British policy in Sudan


</doc>
<doc id="56866608" url="?curid=56866608" title="Johann Georg Elser">
Johann Georg Elser


</doc>
<doc id="56866612" url="?curid=56866612" title="2018 Melbourne 400">
2018 Melbourne 400

The 2018 Melbourne 400 (known for sponsorship reasons as the 2018 Coates Hire Supercars Melbourne 400) was a motor racing event for the Supercars Championship that was held on the weekend of 22 to 25 March 2018. The event was run at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit in Melbourne, Victoria, and marked the first running of the Melbourne 400. It was the second event of sixteen in the 2018 Supercars Championship and consisted of two races of 130 kilometres, and two races of 70 kilometers. The races were run in support of the 2018 Australian Grand Prix and marked the first time that the Supercars support races would be a points-paying round of the Supercars Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="56866613" url="?curid=56866613" title="Suku">
Suku

Suku may refer to:
Given names:

</doc>
<doc id="56866614" url="?curid=56866614" title="Göggingen (Augsburg)">
Göggingen (Augsburg)


</doc>
<doc id="56866617" url="?curid=56866617" title="Maumanorig">
Maumanorig

Maumanorig or Kilcolman is the site of the remains of a medieval Christian monastery and National Monument located on the Dingle Peninsula, County Kerry, Ireland.
Location.
Maumanorig is located 1.2 km (¾ mile) north of Ventry on a site of .
History.
The placename is Irish for "hill-top of the yellow stones" or "mountain pass of the Hoares."
It may have been a starting-point for pilgrims to Skellig Michael or Mount Brandon.
Description.
Maumanorig is a circular enclosure within which are a church site, two hut-sites and several gravemarkers.
There is a cross pattee-inscribed ogham stone, 115 cm (3 ft 9 in) tall and 158 metres (5 feet) long. The west face bears the Ogham inscription and two crosses. The Ogham (CIIC 193) reads ᚛ᚐᚅᚋ ᚉᚑᚂᚋᚐᚅ ᚐᚔᚂᚔᚈᚆᚔᚏ᚜ meaning "[written in] the name of Colmán, the pilgrim."
It may commemorate Colmán Oilither, grandson of Díarmait mac Fergosa Cerrbéoil, who died c. AD 565–572.
Also there is a small cross-inscribed stone, a holed stone and three bullaun stones.

</doc>
<doc id="56866630" url="?curid=56866630" title="Tsz Wan West (constituency)">
Tsz Wan West (constituency)

Tsz Wan West is one of the 25 constituencies in the Wong Tai Sin District in Hong Kong.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Wong Tai Sin District Council, with an election every four years. The seat has been currently held by Yuen Kwok-keung of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong since 2011.
Tsz Wan West constituency is loosely based on the Tsz Lok Estate in Tsz Wan Shan with an estimated population of 20,405.

</doc>
<doc id="56866633" url="?curid=56866633" title="Thomas P. Beard">
Thomas P. Beard

Thomas Payce Beard (December 28, 1837 – December 4, 1918) was a leader of the African American community, a Republican Party organizer, and part of a contested election in Georgia during the post-American Civil War Reconstruction Era. He contested the election of his Democratic Party opponent Stephen A. Corker to the U.S. House of Representatives citing voter intimidation including violent attacks, local police and election official interference, vote rigging, and voter fraud.
Beard helped organize African American voters in the Republican Party after the American Civil War.
1870 election.
The elections results given by the Georgia Secretary of State were 14,678 for Corker and 9,112 for Beard. The results were contested by Beard. Beard reported that Republicans were compelled through threats of violence to vote for Corker against their wills, that there were numerous incidents of voting fraud, and that Republicans had been beaten, shot at, and maltreated prior to and during the election. Corker denied the allegations and countered that the Republicans were not united behind Beard. Corker presented his credentials to Congress and was seated on January 24, 1871 pending the results of the Elections Committee. A Federal investigation into election began soon afterwards. Testimony was taken by witnesses of the election in the middle of February 1871. One witness, Washington Dawson, recalled Republican voters being threatened with being attacked by the Ku Klux Klan if they did not vote the Democratic ticket. Other witnesses reported the election to have been peaceful and fair, and that some blacks had voted willingly for Corker. The case never came before the Elections Committee. Corker served until the end of his term on March 3, 1871 for a total of thirty-nine days.
Legacy.
Beard is buried at Cedar Grove Cemetery in Augusta, Richmond County, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="56866634" url="?curid=56866634" title="Moshe Vilenski">
Moshe Vilenski


</doc>
<doc id="56866638" url="?curid=56866638" title="Fly High Little Butterfly">
Fly High Little Butterfly

Fly High Little Butterfly is a 1979 single by the European disco group Arabesque. The song, like previous singles failed to chart in Germany, but became a huge success in Japan. Heike Rimbeau sang the lead, accompanied by Karen Ann Tepperis and Michaela Rose as backing singers. The song tells the story of a "little butterfly" who has a passion for singing and dancing from a very young age, and strives to be like her mother. The butterfly eventually reaches her goal. The story is likely taken from the real-life experiences of one of the Arabesque girls at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="56866651" url="?curid=56866651" title="Cold cranking simulator">
Cold cranking simulator


</doc>
<doc id="56866656" url="?curid=56866656" title="National Interest Party (Nigeria)">
National Interest Party (Nigeria)

The National Interest Party (NIP) is a political parties in Nigeria. It was formed in 2017 by a group of young Nigerians led by Eunice Atuejide, NIP's founder and first National Chairman. NIP is designed to function predominantly online, therefore it is safe to refer to NIP as the world's first virtual political party.
NIP adopts the centrist progressive ideology i.e. neither leftist nor rightist. The party balances social conservative values with economic liberalism, thereby striking a balance between liberal ideology supporting social justice and enhanced government regulations, and a conservative ideology supporting pro-business and pro-growth reforms.
The party aims to attract exceptional talents of Nigerian descent to vie for elective roles in the polity. NIP is designed to appeal to Nigerians who are willing to work for the betterment of all Nigerians. People who are united irrespective of ethnic origins, religions, creeds, languages, tribes etc. People who will help the party build an all-inclusive Nigeria with the sincerity of purpose that has eluded the country since inception.
The Structure of NIP.
Membership of NIP is open to every Nigerian over the age of 18 irrespective of physical location. This allows for Nigerians outside Nigeria to directly take part in shaping the direction of the party, as well as influencing the outcome of primary elections which produce the aspirants for general elections. In effect, Nigerians in the diaspora have the same level of influence as Nigerians within the shores of Nigeria in deciding the affairs of the party, and in the selection of aspirants to vie for office at general elections on the party's platform. 
In effect, Nigerians in the diaspora may take part in primary elections at NIP, and emerge NIP's final aspirants for participation in general elections in Nigeria from wherever in the world they reside. Nigerians in the diaspora may contest and win NIP's primaries without first making a trip to Nigeria, as they can reach and campaign to all party members via the party's website. All NIP elections are held online.
Party Executives.
NIP strictly admits only men and women with undisputed integrity at the helm of its affairs. The party does not have a large number of executive roles because being a predominantly online platform, the party can function smoothly with fewer executives than most political parties. The party also has fewer than normal physical offices, however, it has many contact and support centres with local schools, business owners, places of worship etc. for the purpose of helping party members navigating the online platform.
Apart from the Board of Trustees and the Patrons who are selected and/or elected in accordance with the party's constitutional provisions, all other positions above are open for free and fair contests via NIP's website.
All party members over the age of 21 may contest any of the above positions provided they meet the party's additional constitutional requirements to contest the positions they wish to fill. All members who wish to contest at NIP must first however first submit themselves to NIP's Screening Committee for a thorough background check.
All aspirants are checked against the constitutional requirements for holding public office in Nigeria before they are permitted to vie for any office under the platform. Once successfully screened, aspirants are automatically admitted to the Leadership Cadre of the party which comprises all the men and women deemed fit to hold public office and control the affairs of the party.
NIP is more interested in selecting honest Nigerians who identify with its ideologies and strategy for bringing about a progressing Nigeria than it is in admitting more popular politicians, the educated or the wealthy class.
NIP's Leadership Cadre.
Every Nigerian over the age of 18 can join NIP, however, only Nigerians 21 or over, who distinguish themselves may join the Leadership Cadre of NIP. Only those who cross into this cadre may run for office within the party, run on the party's platform to seek political office in Nigeria, and/or get nominated or appointed to hold public office in Nigeria through the party.
In effect, members who wish to work as Ward Representatives at extremely remote villages, just like those who wish to contest national elections or even the Presidency must first get past the Screening Committee to cross into the Leadership Cadre to do so. A token is paid by each applicant for the screening, however, candidates who cannot raise the required amount may use the points they accumulated from referring people to join NIP to pay their screening fees. This allows indigent but decent members of the party the opportunity to become executives of the party and/or vie for public office on the party's platform notwithstanding the requirement to pay for their screening.
Every member who meets the requirements to join the Leadership Cadre is encouraged to submit to the screening process because membership of the cadre allows them active and passive control of the party. It is from this group that members will be selected to represent the party were called upon to send forth party representatives. Leadership Cadre members will also have the opportunity to design programs for party members which may be implemented online and/or on ground e.g. lectures, webinars, seminars, symposiums etc. 
The cadre will consist only of Nigerians from every corner of the country who have been thoroughly checked for criminal history and behaviour, dishonest use of private and public funds, embezzlement or fraud, bankruptcies, involvement with terrorist organisations, secessionist groups, secret cults, community development initiatives etc. and found to have led exemplary lives. Those are the only members of NIP who may lead the party, run for office on the party's platform, and through appointive roles, lead the country.
Once successfully screened and admitted, leadership members are free to compete with other interested aspirants for whatever roles they wish to contest. It takes a click to join races candidates qualify for, however, they are restricted to run for one office at a time. Restrictions imposed by the party's constitution and the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria also apply.
NIP's nomination forms are free and the party does not charge membership subscription fees. It relies on the voluntary donations of members to run its affairs.
Political Views.
NIP's primary position is to bring to Nigeria a leadership founded on transparency and accountability in the conduct of all political activities. NIP proposes to bring a forward-looking and inspiring leadership to Nigeria. A leadership with a sense of mission. A leadership which only puts forward the honest, not the dishonest; the disciplined, not the erratic; the selfless, not the selfish; the qualified to lead, not the underqualified etc. NIP has set the bar very high, and will not negotiate to lower this standard.
NIP is committed to fighting mismanagement of national wealth, recovery of misappropriated resources, eradicate the abysmal levels of corruption in Nigeria, and end unequal treatment of people based on class, ethnic group, sex, religion or any other form of discrimination whatsoever. This is achievable in the near future because NIP is a group of like-minded Nigerians of all ages, backgrounds, religions, ethnicities, creeds, tribes, educational and professional qualification. All the differences as a people are well represented in the party and in its leadership. 
Clearly, NIP is the first formidable, national, broad-based, people-oriented and principled political party not affiliated with corrupt current or past political leaders in Nigeria with the common purpose to work relentlessly for the restoration of true democracy and good governance in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="56866661" url="?curid=56866661" title="Rowland's law">
Rowland's law


</doc>
<doc id="56866668" url="?curid=56866668" title="Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung">
Grote'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung


</doc>
<doc id="56866672" url="?curid=56866672" title="Box District station">
Box District station

Box District is a station on the MBTA Silver Line bus rapid transit system. It opened as part of a new branch to Chelsea, Massachusetts on April 21, 2018. Access to the station is available from Broadway and from Highland Street.
History.
From 1849 to 1955, the freight-only Grand Junction Railroad ran through Chelsea. The MBTA later proposed to use the right-of-way as part of the Urban Ring project, which would have been a circumferential bus rapid transit line. The 2008 Draft Environmental Impact Report called for a dedicated busway on the former railroad as far east as a station on Griffin Way, where buses would rejoin the street network. Although the full project was shelved in 2010 due to the MBTA's financial difficulties, some corridor routes are receiving more limited work.
In March 2013, the MBTA began studying an extension of the Silver Line to Chelsea via a newly constructed bypass road in East Boston. Three alternatives were discussed for the Chelsea section, two of which would run up the abandoned section of the Grand Junction Railroad right-of-way from Eastern Avenue to downtown Chelsea, with intermediate stops at Eastern Avenue and Highland/Box District. In September 2013, the MBTA indicated that it would pursue the first alternative - which also included busway stops at Bellingham Square and Chelsea.
On October 30, 2013, MassDOT announced $82.5 million in state funding for a modified version of the first alternative to be constructed, with completion then expected in late 2015. A construction contract was approved in September 2014, and construction began in March 2015. Silver Line service on the SL3 branch began on April 21, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56866675" url="?curid=56866675" title="Müller-Grote">
Müller-Grote


</doc>
<doc id="56866681" url="?curid=56866681" title="Face Your Fear (Curtis Harding album)">
Face Your Fear (Curtis Harding album)


</doc>
<doc id="56866683" url="?curid=56866683" title="Eastern Avenue station">
Eastern Avenue station

Eastern Avenue is a station on the MBTA Silver Line bus rapid transit system. It opened as part of a new branch to Chelsea, Massachusetts on April 21, 2018.
History.
From 1849 to 1955, the freight-only Grand Junction Railroad ran through Chelsea. The MBTA later proposed to use the right-of-way as part of the Urban Ring project, which would have been a circumferential bus rapid transit line. The 2008 Draft Environmental Impact Report called for a dedicated busway on the former railroad as far east as a station on Griffin Way, where buses would rejoin the street network. Although the full project was shelved in 2010 due to the MBTA's financial difficulties, some corridor routes are receiving more limited work.
In March 2013, the MBTA began studying an extension of the Silver Line to Chelsea via a newly constructed bypass road in East Boston. Three alternatives were discussed for the Chelsea section, two of which would run up the abandoned section of the Grand Junction Railroad right-of-way from Eastern Avenue to downtown Chelsea, with intermediate stops at Eastern Avenue (next to an existing Massport employee garage and bus loop) and Highland/Box District. In September 2013, the MBTA indicated that it would pursue the first alternative - which also included busway stops at Bellingham Square and Chelsea.
On October 30, 2013, MassDOT announced $82.5 million in state funding for a modified version of the first alternative to be constructed, with completion then expected in late 2015. A construction contract was approved in September 2014, and construction began in March 2015. Silver Line service on the SL3 branch began on April 21, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56866690" url="?curid=56866690" title="Misia Candle Night 2015">
Misia Candle Night 2015

Misia Candle Night 2015 was a concert tour by Japanese singer Misia and the fourth installment of the Misia Candle Night concert series. The tour started with two back-to-back dates at Kawaguchiko Stellar Theater in Fujikawaguchiko, Yamanashi on September 21-22, 2015, and concluded with two consecutive dates at the World Heritage Site Mount Kōya in Kōya, Wakayama, held as part of the World Heritage Theater project to celebrate the temple's 1200th anniversary, on October 10-11, 2015.
Background.
On June 30, 2015, Misia announced she would be hosting a four-date installment of the Misia Candle Night concert series starting in September 2015. On September 18, 2015, it was announced that all pre-sale tickets for the first two shows had sold out. The charity Candle Night Bar stand at the concert venue raised a total of 301,059 yen for both Kawaguchiko Stellar Theater shows combined. Proceeds after expenses benefited the non-profit Mudef.
Set list.
This set list is representative of the concert on September 21, 2015. It does not represent all concerts for the duration of the tour.
Encore
Personnel.
Band

</doc>
<doc id="56866695" url="?curid=56866695" title="Suku people">
Suku people

The Suku people or Basuku (plural) are an ethnic group of Bantu origin who traditionally inhabit the south-western Democratic Republic of the Congo and north-western Angola. As of 2017, there are believed to be about 200,000 people who identify as Suku, many living in the Congo's Kwango Province.
Suku society is matrilineal. they speak the Suku language
Society and culture.
The Suku people have many similarities in their culture to the Yaka people. Men and women each have their own tasks and roles that they do. The men hunt either individually or together with other men. Hunting involves high prestige and they hunt with a bow and arrow or an antique rifle. The women are the cultivators. They harvest yams, beans, peas, pineapple, and peanuts. They also collect and forage fruits, berries, and roots.
Religion.
The Suku people do have a creator god, ndzambyaphuungu, who inhabits the sky and travels the breeze. They are the originator of life and death and the explanation to all occurrences and unanswerable questions. However, there is not a cult following nor are there depictions or representation of them.
 The Suku and Yaka have a diviner called a ngoombu. They deal with clients that have had a misfortune, strange event, sickness or death. They require nziimbu shell money, coin, or piece of cloth of the victim to reveal where these problems are coming from.
Initiation.
Initiation is the process Suku boys go through to reach manhood. They go to a camp site called mukhanda, or n-khanda among the Yaka. When there are enough boys that are uncircumcised, between the ages 10–15, for the initiation, the elders can then announce the initiation to begin. One month before the boys are sent away, relatives in the area are visited by the young candidates and give dances for traditional gifts. While this is happening, the sponsoring village is setting up the initiation site directed by a charm specialist. It involves special structures, masks, and sculpted posts that are covered in charms and medicines that barricade the initiation site. The formal opening of mukhanda takes place the day before the circumcision, they gather by a tree called mukaamba tree. If a candidate is judged appropriate the charm specialist shoots an arrow into the tree. If the arrow stays, they cut and carry the tree down to take it back to the village in male solidarity. The initiates will sing songs of mourning during this time, recalling the initiates' separation from their family and possible chance of death. The tree is placed in an open area of the village near the initiation camp and later in the day, the kakungu, m-bawa, and hemba masks appear for the festivities.
When the day of circumcising; comes, it starts around 5 am with drums and the kakungu and mbawa appear again. The family of the initiates carries out the initiates on their shoulders to the mukkanga camp. The boy entitled kapita starts as the first one to be circumcised. The last boy to be circumcised is called mbaala. After the circumcision, the boys are left naked for a couple of days where they need to sleep close together on mats on the ground. They are forced to insult their sisters and parents as their food is thrown on the ground by the camp leaders. At sunrise and sunset they are forces to stand on one leg with the other foot on their knee with their arms outstretched. There are many food restrictions imposed and they are punished if they complain, break silence, make a mistake, or don’t follow orders. The third day they sing as they go to the stream and clean their incisions. They will be presented with strengthening charms the next day. The charm specialist is positioning charms along the path and barricade leading to the mukhanda camp. The charms indicate that they will be no infections or mistreatment and keep away bad intent, and the masks help with that. When the incisions heal, after about three weeks, they can spend another one to three more years at the camp. This is where boys learn useful occupations like clearing fields, weaving mats, or cutting ground vines for rubber. There is a lot of storytelling, sex education, advice, and mannerism that are used in reaction to women. The hemba mask begins to appear near the end of the camp session for the Suku and it’s dance is taught to the initiates. When coming back from the camps, they seek the elder to get a kaolin which symbols peace and welcome. After this, the hemba masks dances as they burn the camp. After this, there is much dancing and celebration.
Masks.
Kakungu mask.
The kakungu are large masks around 84 centimeters high. They are characterized by their inflated cheeks, a prominent chin, and massive features. The basic colors used red and white each having their own meanings. The red meaning blood, vengeance, and evil, and white meaning blessings and health. It is made of soft wood called mengela or m'tsenga, and covered with skins of larger animals and full length raffia fringe strips.
The kakungu is considered the oldest and most powerful mask-charm. It is owned and worn by the charm specialist of the initiation camps. It is also used to ward off any person harboring evil intentions away from the camp. They appear during the day of circumcision, day of departure from the camp, and occasionally during a time of crisis, like to cure an initiate of infection or drive away a threatening storm. The kakungu has great jumping abilities that can make them travel fast between villages.
M-bawa mask.
The m-bawa mask is constructed from vines bound into a spherical structure then covered with raffia cloth. Its diameter is 100 centimeters around the head. There are two horns attached to the top either made of wood or actual animal horns. On the horns they paint white spots. Its appearance is associated with the mighty buffalo. They’re used on the day of circumcision for the initiation, the going-out of the camp, and the breaking of food restriction. It doesn’t often come out with the kakungu mask. It is also known for warding off rain, detecting pregnant women, terrorize, and control anti-social behavior, like the kakungu.
Hemba mask.
The hemba mask is exclusive to the Suku people. It is made from a cylindrical piece of wood carved into a helmet shape or bell shape, and is worked into a human face and coiffure and raffia fringe covers around the face. A superstructure is frequently present carved into a single animal and rarely a single human figure on top of the mask. The coiffure has triangular decoration bands on it and is painted black with some areas a dull red. The face is painted white and marked by blue lines that descend from the lowered eyelids, and sometimes define a brow or nose ridge. Ts danced at the initiation camps when charms are introduced and when mukhanda is closing and is worn by the just initiated during the end. The hemba mask also helps women with gynecoid illness and cures those suffering from a hernia. It also helps with bad luck when hunting, while they dance for a blessing from the elder-ancestor. It is said to hold the collective image of all elders.
Art.
Slit drum (N’koku ngoombu).
N’koku ngoombu is a wooden slit-drum that has a carved human head on its handle. It is a distinct symbol for diviners and is sat on by them. The diviners slit drum is also used in preparing medicines.
Mbeedya phoko.
The mbeedya phoko is a sword that shows leadership and a symbol for both paramount and regional chiefs. It is a broad double-bladed sword with a pointed metal hilt and an unusually shaped sheath. It signifies the powers, visible and invisible, of life and death. During ceremonies, it is welded during Lunda war-dance that recalls legendary battles and is finished by pointed toward the land of origin.
Statuettes (M-mbwoolu-tsyo).
These statuettes can be either a male or female figure in an upright posture. They each have variations in coiffure and headgear and relate to leadership and elders: Difference in the hair parting or how it is shaped, Bweni hats that have a rising crest and protruding knobs or a projecting brim distinctive of land-chiefs, Mpu skull caps of the regional chiefs in Suku. Another form is the kambaandzia miter-like form that looks like a pointed cone. All of these seem to be the symbols of leadership and authority but the headgear refers to older leaders. Stances and gestures can also be interpreted. Hands-to-chin gesture common signifies reflection, sadness, and grief with both the Yaka and Suku people. Both hands together at the upper chin gesture can pertain to a person confessing guilt or swearing secrecy. 

</doc>
<doc id="56866697" url="?curid=56866697" title="Tomas Egert">
Tomas Egert


</doc>
<doc id="56866699" url="?curid=56866699" title="2018 Coates Hire Supercars Melbourne 400">
2018 Coates Hire Supercars Melbourne 400


</doc>
<doc id="56866703" url="?curid=56866703" title="Thomas Payce Beard">
Thomas Payce Beard


</doc>
<doc id="56866709" url="?curid=56866709" title="Francis North (politician)">
Francis North (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56866710" url="?curid=56866710" title="Diuris cuneata">
Diuris cuneata

Diuris cuneata is a species of orchid whose name is accepted by the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew but regarded as a synonym of "Diuris dendrobioides" by Australian authorities. It was first formally described in 1888 by Robert D. FitzGerald from a specimen collected near Cootamundra by Walter Scott Campbell and the description was published in Fitgerald's book "Australian Orchids".

</doc>
<doc id="56866717" url="?curid=56866717" title="Caroline Béïque">
Caroline Béïque


</doc>
<doc id="56866719" url="?curid=56866719" title="Hijabi Ballerina">
Hijabi Ballerina


</doc>
<doc id="56866721" url="?curid=56866721" title="Augsburg Morellstraße railway station">
Augsburg Morellstraße railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56866722" url="?curid=56866722" title="Carolina-Angélina Dessaulles">
Carolina-Angélina Dessaulles


</doc>
<doc id="56866730" url="?curid=56866730" title="Hargrett Library">
Hargrett Library


</doc>
<doc id="56866736" url="?curid=56866736" title="Hargrett Rare Book and Manuscript Library">
Hargrett Rare Book and Manuscript Library


</doc>
<doc id="56866761" url="?curid=56866761" title="1981–82 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1981–82 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team

The 1981–82 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team represented Boston College as members of the Big East Conference during the 1981–82 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Regular Season
!colspan=12 style=| Big East Tournament
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
Sources 

</doc>
<doc id="56866766" url="?curid=56866766" title="National Self-Government of Germans in Hungary">
National Self-Government of Germans in Hungary

The National Self-Government of Germans in Hungary (German: "Landesselbstverwaltung der Ungarndeutschen - LdU", Hungarian: "Magyarországi Németek Országos Önkormányzata - MNOÖ") is the nationwide representative organization of the German minority in Hungary.
History.
After electing minority self-governments in 1994, the electoral assembly of the German minority elected the political and cultural representative body of the Germans of Hungary, the National Self-Government of the Germans in Hungary, on 11 March 1995. According to the opportunities offered by the 2011. CLXXIX. Nationality Act, it wants to implement a modern minority policy.
Aims.
Its main aims are to preserve and support the language, the intellectual heritage, the historical traditions and the German identity in Hungary. That includes the preservation of the German mother tongue in cultural areas, the teaching of German language in the Hungarian school system and in the field of international relations and the exchange of German relations by partnerships and programs.
The implementation of cultural autonomy, the takeover of the German institutions in Hungary, ensures the main activity of LdU.
At the same time, it supports co-operation of Hungary and its neighbours, above all with German-speaking countries.
It is the umbrella organization of 406 local minority self-governments and more than 500 cultural groups and other German associations of Hungary.
Electoral results.
Since 2014, voters of ethnic minorities in Hungary are able to vote on nationality lists. The minorities can obtain a preferential mandate if they reach the quarter of the ninety-third part (which is formula_1) of the list votes. Nationalities who did not get a mandate could send a nationality spokesman to the National Assembly.
In the 2018 parliamentary election, Imre Ritter was elected as the first German parliamentary spokesman in the history of the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="56866769" url="?curid=56866769" title="Basuku">
Basuku


</doc>
<doc id="56866771" url="?curid=56866771" title="BOM+HI">
BOM+HI


</doc>
<doc id="56866774" url="?curid=56866774" title="National anthem of Mauritania (1960–2017)">
National anthem of Mauritania (1960–2017)

The "National Anthem of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania" (, "Nashid Wataniin Muritaniin", ) was Mauritania's former national anthem between 1960 and 2017.
History.
Its lyrics are taken from a poem written in the late 18th century by Baba Ould Cheikh; the melody was arranged by Tolia Nikiprowetzky. The anthem was adopted upon independence from France in 1960. The unusual and highly complex rhythm of it makes it extremely difficult to sing; for this reason it is often erroneously listed as wordless. It was replaced by the current national anthem on 16 November 2017, after the Mauritanian constitutional referendum of 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56866775" url="?curid=56866775" title="Francis Newton (disambiguation)">
Francis Newton (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56866779" url="?curid=56866779" title="Evil Lord">
Evil Lord


</doc>
<doc id="56866786" url="?curid=56866786" title="Leandro Maciel">
Leandro Maciel

Leandro Isaac Maciel (born 29 December 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aldosivi.
Career.
Maciel began his career with Argentine Primera División side Lanús, featuring for the club's U20s at the 2016 U-20 Copa Libertadores where he scored and was sent off as Lanús finished fourth. He made his professional debut for the first-team during their final league fixture of 2016, playing the last twenty-two minutes of a 1–3 defeat to Huracán on 22 May. His first senior goal came in a 1–5 defeat to River Plate on 28 December 2018. In June 2019, Maciel was loaned to Aldosivi for the 2019–20 season. After seventeen appearances in all competitions, Maciel was signed permanently by Aldosivi in August 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56866788" url="?curid=56866788" title="Costa Rica at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics">
Costa Rica at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics

Costa Rica participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 to 18 October 2018.
Beach volleyball.
Costa Rica qualified a boys' based on their performance at the 2018 AFECAVOL Zone U19 Championship.
Fencing.
Costa Rica was given a quota to compete by the tripartite committee.
Gymnastics.
Artistic.
Costa Rica qualified one gymnast based on its performance at the 2018 American Junior Championship.
Swimming.
Costa Rica qualified 2 athletes (1 boy and 1 girl) to compete in swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="56866793" url="?curid=56866793" title="Progressive Party (Thailand)">
Progressive Party (Thailand)

The Progressive Party or Progress Party (; ) was the first political party (in the modern sense) in Thailand. It was formed by royalists and was active from 1945 to 1946 before it merged into the Democrat Party.
History.
The Progressive Party was founded in 1945 by Kukrit Pramoj along with , , . The founders were opposed to the "Khana Ratsadon" ("People's Party") that had ruled the country since the Siamese revolution of 1932. Many royalist intellectuals, former political prisoners and veterans of the 1933 Boworadet rebellion joined the party. In 1946, the Progressive Party merged into the Democrat Party.

</doc>
<doc id="56866805" url="?curid=56866805" title="Guatemala at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics">
Guatemala at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics

Guatemala participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 to 18 October 2018.
Beach volleyball.
Guatemala qualified a girls' team based on their performance at the 2018 AFECAVOL Zone U19 Championship.
Gymnastics.
Artistic.
Guatemala qualified one gymnast based on its performance at the 2018 American Junior Championship.
Karate.
Guatemala qualified one athlete based on its performance at one of the Karate Qualification Tournaments.
Rowing.
Guatemala qualified one boat based on its performance at the American Qualification Regatta.

</doc>
<doc id="56866823" url="?curid=56866823" title="GrAM">
GrAM


</doc>
<doc id="56866825" url="?curid=56866825" title="Mini-rotary viscometer">
Mini-rotary viscometer

The mini-rotary viscometer is a device used to measure the pumpability of an engine oil at low temperatures. Engine oils must meet viscometric standards including those determined by the MRV in order to be classifiable within SAE J300 viscosity grades. The requirement was added after the winters of 1980-81 and 1981-82 caused major pumpability field problems in the US and Europe.
Different MRV test procedure exist; for example ASTM D4684, required for SAE J300, involves heating the oil to remove its "memory" then cooling it at a controlled rate over a period of more than 40 hours to the test temperature. ASTM D4684 is done with fresh oil, so the MRV result may not be representative of used oil pumpability. Some motor vehicles manufacturers specify used oil MRV requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="56866829" url="?curid=56866829" title="1980–81 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1980–81 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team

The 1980–81 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team represented Boston College as members of the Big East Conference during the 1980–81 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Regular Season
!colspan=12 style=| Big East Tournament
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
Sources 

</doc>
<doc id="56866831" url="?curid=56866831" title="Maksym Nikitin">
Maksym Nikitin


</doc>
<doc id="56866842" url="?curid=56866842" title="Government of the DPRK">
Government of the DPRK


</doc>
<doc id="56866855" url="?curid=56866855" title="List of adverse effects for escitalopram">
List of adverse effects for escitalopram


</doc>
<doc id="56866858" url="?curid=56866858" title="River Eresma">
River Eresma


</doc>
<doc id="56866859" url="?curid=56866859" title="List of adverse effects for chlorpromazine">
List of adverse effects for chlorpromazine


</doc>
<doc id="56866872" url="?curid=56866872" title="Moses Baca">
Moses Baca


</doc>
<doc id="56866875" url="?curid=56866875" title="Richard B. Russell Special Collections Building">
Richard B. Russell Special Collections Building

The Richard B. Russell Special Collections Building holds the Hargrett Rare Book and Manuscript Library, the Russell Library for Political Research and Studies, the Walter J. Brown Media Archives, and the Peabody Collection. The building is named for Richard B. Russell.
The $46 million building was dedicated in February 2012. It includes galleries, oral interviews, videos, and informational kiosks. Tours of the building are offered. A mural by art professor emeritus Art Rosenbaum depicts some of the faces of prominent political figures from Georgia's history.

</doc>
<doc id="56866876" url="?curid=56866876" title="2011–12 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team">
2011–12 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team

The 2011–12 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team represented the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team competed in the America East Conference (AEC) and was led by eighth-year head coach Randy Monroe.

</doc>
<doc id="56866889" url="?curid=56866889" title="Manta hynei">
Manta hynei

Manta hynei is an extinct species of manta ray that was extant in the Pliocene. Its fossils have been found in North America, specifically North Carolina and Virginia. It was first described by Jim Bourdon in 1999, as a specimen dated to the Zanclean (early Pliocene). The species is known from its distinctive fossilized teeth. Some authors have suggested, on the basis of tooth morphology, that this species should be classified in the genus Mobula instead.

</doc>
<doc id="56866904" url="?curid=56866904" title="David Honey">
David Honey

David John Honey (born 18 April 1958) is an Australian politician, who is the Liberal Party member for the electoral district of Cottesloe in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since 2018. He is currently the leader of the WA Liberal Party, and was previously the Shadow Minister for Industrial Development, Water and Lands, and the Liberal Party's Legislative Assembly Policy Co-ordinator.
Education and early career.
Honey completed a Bachelor of Science with first-class Honours and a PhD in Chemistry at the University of Western Australia, as well as being the UWA Science Union President. He has held technical roles including as a Forensic Scientist and Environmental Scientist with the State Government, and also formed the Hydrometallurgy Research Group for Western Australian Mining Corporation.
Honey was formerly the Global Residue Manager for Alcoa's Refining operations, having overall accountability for the refining residue operations in the United States, Spain, Brazil and Australia. Prior to that role, Honey held senior management and technical roles in Alcoa. He joined Alcoa as a Senior Principal Research Scientist in the Global Refining Centre of Excellence before moving on to the positions of Clarification Manager, Pinjarra Refinery, Digestion manager, Kwinana Refinery, Production Manager, Kwinana Refinery, and Western Australian Operations Residue Manager.
From 2012 to 2018, he was the President of the Kwinana Industries Council, a lobby group representing chemical, petroleum, cement and other firms in Kwinana.
Political career.
From 1994 to 1997, Honey was president of WA Liberal Party. During that time, he was aligned with controversial Liberal Party power broker Noel Crichton-Browne, but when Crichton-Browne made inappropriate sexual comments to journalist Colleen Egan at a Liberal Party conference in July 1995, Honey initiated the successful motion to expel Crichton-Browne from the party. Honey later explained in March 2021, that as the party president, he had to deal with the issue of Crichton-Browne being a power broker and his "undue influence" over the party and preselections.
Honey was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly in the Cottesloe by-election on 17 March 2018, following the resignation of former Premier Colin Barnett. At the 2021 state election, Honey was one of only two Liberals to hold their seats in the massive landslide victory by the Labor Party. The other Liberal member, Libby Mettam, declined to contest the party leadership, leaving the position open for Honey when the party's parliamentary wing met to elect a leader on 23 March 2021. Upon his election as leader, Honey brought up his role in the expulsion of Crichton-Browne in 1995 as a reason why he should be party leader, who would oversee a "root and branch" analysis and restructuring of the party.

</doc>
<doc id="56866907" url="?curid=56866907" title="2017 US Junior Open Squash Championships">
2017 US Junior Open Squash Championships

The 2017 Men's US Junior Squash Championships is the men's edition of the 2017 US Junior Open squash championship, which is a World Junior Squash Circuit Tier 2 event. The event primarily took place at the Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut from December 16 to 19. Mexico's Leonel Cárdenas won his third US Junior Open title, defeating Adhitya Raghavan of India in the Boys' Under 19 final. India's Yash Fadte won his first US Junior Open title, defeating Ayush Menon of the United States in the Boys' Under 17 final.

</doc>
<doc id="56866914" url="?curid=56866914" title="Utah Utes women's gymnastics">
Utah Utes women's gymnastics


</doc>
<doc id="56866924" url="?curid=56866924" title="Kakrak Valley, Bamyan Province">
Kakrak Valley, Bamyan Province

Karkak Valley () is a valley in central Afghanistan, located in Bamyan province, 120 km west of Kabul province.
The famous Buddhist mural named "The Hunter King" (7-8th centuries CE) shows a typically local royal figure seated on a throne, his bow and arrows on the side. He wears a triple-crescent crown which has been compared to the triple-crescent crowns on the coinage found in northeastern Afghanistan in the area of Zabulistan, such as a coin found in Ghazni. Late 7th to early 8th century CE. Other authors have attributed the triple-crescent crown to Hephthalite influence. The painting may be an allegory of a King abandoning violence, particularly the hunting of animals, and converting to Buddhism.

</doc>
<doc id="56866938" url="?curid=56866938" title="Leele">
Leele

Leele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56866940" url="?curid=56866940" title="Sells Park">
Sells Park

Sells Park, also known as Sells' City Park or Sells' Park, is a public park in Athens, Ohio, near Ohio University. It is claimed to be "one of Athens’s best hidden treasures." It comprises 22.5 acres (980,492 ft²), and includes Sells Pond, a 1876 square yard (1,568.60 m²) pond.
Park trails.
Sells Park is part of The Athens Trail Network, a multi-use trail network branching out from Sells Park itself. A series of twelve trails and connectors branch out into the surrounding woods, heading eastwards to eventually connect with the trails of Strouds Run State Park. The trails are designed for hiking, running, and biking, although some sections are off-limits to bicycles. 
There are wooden markers along the trails which provide information. There are also signs at forks which show the trails' names and where they lead to in each direction. The trails provide scenic views of the East State commercial area and travel past and through notable features such as Sells Pond, Riddle State Nature Preserve (Hawk Woods), Boulder Cove, Turtlehead Cave (Blue Ash Rockhouse), Finger Rock, Pioneer Cemetery, and Dow Lake at Strouds Run State Park. 
The trail network is maintained by community and university volunteers.
History.
Sells Park was formerly owned by the Sells family until it was given to the United States in 1939, and turned into a federal reserve. It was later ceded by the United States to Athens, Ohio, in 1979. 
About 3 yards behind a bench commemorated in 2011 on the right side of the lake, there is a barely visible cement foundation of an old male and female bathroom building which once stood there, taken down some time in the 1990s under the city of Athens' rule. 
On the side of the pond closest to the two paths that lead up to the park, there is a cement support structure of a long-gone platform which you could fish from. (However, as fishing is no longer allowed in the park, it was likely simply abandoned.)
One of the unusual features of the pond is an aqueduct, below what was the platform. While the platform is gone, the aqueduct is still there, and functional; and you can hear and see water flowing from it down to its end by the entrance about 20 yards away.

</doc>
<doc id="56866944" url="?curid=56866944" title="Hung Hom Bay (constituency)">
Hung Hom Bay (constituency)

Hung Hom Bay () is one of the 25 constituencies in the Kowloon City District of Hong Kong which was created in 2015.
The constituency loosely covers areas of Royal Peninsula and Whampoa Estate in Hung Hom with the estimated population of 18,414.

</doc>
<doc id="56866946" url="?curid=56866946" title="Homelessness in San Francisco">
Homelessness in San Francisco


</doc>
<doc id="56866950" url="?curid=56866950" title="List of teams and cyclists in the 1980 Giro d'Italia">
List of teams and cyclists in the 1980 Giro d'Italia

The 1980 Giro d'Italia was the 63rd edition of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The field consisted of 130 riders, and 89 riders finished the race.

</doc>
<doc id="56866955" url="?curid=56866955" title="Leele (disambiguation)">
Leele (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56866958" url="?curid=56866958" title="PAS battery">
PAS battery


</doc>
<doc id="56866972" url="?curid=56866972" title="Representing object">
Representing object


</doc>
<doc id="56866974" url="?curid=56866974" title="Irish Free State Constitution Act">
Irish Free State Constitution Act


</doc>
<doc id="56866975" url="?curid=56866975" title="Africonus diegoi">
Africonus diegoi


</doc>
<doc id="56866977" url="?curid=56866977" title="William Pearson (scientist)">
William Pearson (scientist)

William Raymond Pearson is professor of biochemistry and molecular Genetics in the School of Medicine at the University of Virginia. Pearson is best known for the development of the FASTA format.
Education.
Pearson graduated with a BS in chemistry from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. He received his PhD in 1977 from CalTech.
Career and research.
After his PhD, Pearson did a postdoctoral fellowship at Johns Hopkins University. Pearson's research interests are in computational biology. He was awarded Fellowship of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) in 2018 for outstanding contributions to the fields of computational biology and bioinformatics.

</doc>
<doc id="56866978" url="?curid=56866978" title="Augsburg Messe station">
Augsburg Messe station

Augsburg Messe station is a railway station in the town of Augsburg, located in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="56866979" url="?curid=56866979" title="2018 in Kazakhstan">
2018 in Kazakhstan

Events in the year 2018 in Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="56866986" url="?curid=56866986" title="Violin (film)">
Violin (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56866995" url="?curid=56866995" title="Art Rosenbaum">
Art Rosenbaum

Art Rosenbaum (born 1938) is an art professor emeritus at the University of Georgia, an artist, musician, and folklorist. He won a Grammy award in 2008 for Best Historical Album, for his music collection "Art Of Field Recording Volume I: Fifty Years Of Traditional American Music Documented By Art Rosenbaum".
Rosenbaum was born in upstate New York, and studied at Columbia University. The family moved around the United States during his childhood, his father being a member of the Army Medical Corps.
He taught at the University of Georgia from 1976 to 2006, following which the Georgia Museum of Art held an exhibition of his drawings and paintings. His other paintings include a mural in the Russell Special Collections Building on the UGA campus, featuring the faces of political figures from Georgia's history.
Further reading.
Weaving His Art on Golden Looms: Paintings and Drawings by Art Rosenbaum published October 1, 2006
by Georgia Museum of Art and William U. Eiland

</doc>
<doc id="56866999" url="?curid=56866999" title="Cirroctopus glacialis">
Cirroctopus glacialis

Cirroctopus glacialis is an octopus located in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica. Its shell is v-shaped, and it has a distinctive pigmentation pattern on its web's oral face. "C. glacialis" is thought to be demersal, like other members of the genus Cirroctopus. These octopuses are found between 333 and 914 meters deep. Their population is currently unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="56867005" url="?curid=56867005" title="Leelee">
Leelee


</doc>
<doc id="56867011" url="?curid=56867011" title="Russell Special Collections Building">
Russell Special Collections Building


</doc>
<doc id="56867020" url="?curid=56867020" title="2010–11 Marist Red Foxes men's basketball team">
2010–11 Marist Red Foxes men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Marist Red Foxes men's basketball team represented Marist College during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Red Foxes, led by third year head coach Chuck Martin, played their home games at the McCann Center and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 6-27, 3–15 in MAAC play to finish ninth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the MAAC Tournament to Fairfield.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
!colspan=9 style=| MAAC Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56867024" url="?curid=56867024" title="Győző Leblanc">
Győző Leblanc

Győző Leblanc (born March 28, 1947, Budapest, Hungary) is a well-known Hungarian tenor opera singer, actor and director.
Life.
He was born in Budapest on March 28, 1947. He continued his solo studies between 1969 and 1975 at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music where his teachers were Éva Kutrucz and Jenő Sipos. After graduating, he became a private ensemble of the Hungarian State Opera House, and he also featured a lot of operettas. He has performed abroad many times, because of that he is often called the "Traveling Operative Ambassador of the Hungarian operetta". His memorable roles include "Rodolfo" of Puccini's "La Bohéme" and "Pinkerton" of Puccini's "Madama Butterfly", Erkel's "Bánk bán", "Don José" of Bizet's "Carmen" and numerous operetta bonviva characters. In his 40 years of career, he has been singing as a director and even in films.
Personal life.
He states about his ancestors: "our family formerly used my surname as Le'Blanc, which means "white" in French. There are not many Leblanc in Hungary, but the French directories can prove that this is a common name in France, like the name "Kovács" in Hungary. My ancestors came from a small mining village, Saint-Hubert in Alsace-Lorraine. Then my great-great-grandfather moved to Vienna, where he met his Austrian wife, and after the introduction of the settlement policies of Maria Theresa, they came to Banat."
After his first marriage with Katalin Pitti he married Zsuzsanna Csonka opera singer. They had together two sons, Győző and Gergely. He married again. His third wife is Éva Tóth.

</doc>
<doc id="56867027" url="?curid=56867027" title="Helen Hayes Theatre">
Helen Hayes Theatre


</doc>
<doc id="56867033" url="?curid=56867033" title="Shivakoti">
Shivakoti


</doc>
<doc id="56867034" url="?curid=56867034" title="Śivakoti">
Śivakoti


</doc>
<doc id="56867035" url="?curid=56867035" title="Palace of the Revolution">
Palace of the Revolution

The Palace of the Revolution (), is a palace in Havana, Cuba within the Plaza de la Revolución that serves as the house of the Cuban government and the First Secretary of the Cuban Communist Party.
History.
The order to build the palace was given by then-President Carlos Prío Socarrás in 1943. It was to be the seat of the Supreme Court and the Attorney General. It was designed by the architect Pérez Benoita in 1943, with construction ending over a decade later in 1957. Between 1964 and 1965, transformations were made in the building to adapt it to the current Palace of the Revolution.
In 1965, the revolutionary government led by Fidel Castro ordered the relocation of the seat of government to the palace.
Functions.
The building is divided into three areas, with the first being the office of the Council of Ministers. The second are the headquarters of the Council of State and the offices of the President and the First Vice President. The last is the offices of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="56867040" url="?curid=56867040" title="Progress Party (Thailland)">
Progress Party (Thailland)


</doc>
<doc id="56867045" url="?curid=56867045" title="Fissurella keppeliana">
Fissurella keppeliana


</doc>
<doc id="56867049" url="?curid=56867049" title="Ping-pu">
Ping-pu


</doc>
<doc id="56867052" url="?curid=56867052" title="Bing Bu">
Bing Bu


</doc>
<doc id="56867054" url="?curid=56867054" title="Hsing-pu">
Hsing-pu


</doc>
<doc id="56867057" url="?curid=56867057" title="Kung-pu">
Kung-pu


</doc>
<doc id="56867066" url="?curid=56867066" title="Kitty at my foot">
Kitty at my foot


</doc>
<doc id="56867069" url="?curid=56867069" title="Kitty on my foot">
Kitty on my foot


</doc>
<doc id="56867073" url="?curid=56867073" title="Three Departments and Six Boards">
Three Departments and Six Boards


</doc>
<doc id="56867077" url="?curid=56867077" title="1993 FIBA AmeriCup">
1993 FIBA AmeriCup


</doc>
<doc id="56867078" url="?curid=56867078" title="2010–11 Radford Highlanders men's basketball team">
2010–11 Radford Highlanders men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Radford Highlanders men's basketball team represented Radford University in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team plays in the Big South Conference (BSC) and was led by head coach Brad Greenberg in his fourth year.

</doc>
<doc id="56867080" url="?curid=56867080" title="Cable tightener">
Cable tightener


</doc>
<doc id="56867081" url="?curid=56867081" title="1997 FIBA AmeriCup">
1997 FIBA AmeriCup


</doc>
<doc id="56867084" url="?curid=56867084" title="1999 FIBA AmeriCup">
1999 FIBA AmeriCup


</doc>
<doc id="56867093" url="?curid=56867093" title="Kinross and Western Perthshire by-election">
Kinross and Western Perthshire by-election

Kinross and Western Perthshire by-election may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56867094" url="?curid=56867094" title="Africonus crotchii">
Africonus crotchii


</doc>
<doc id="56867096" url="?curid=56867096" title="Liberal Party (Thailand)">
Liberal Party (Thailand)

Liberal Party (; ) was political party in Thailand, active during the 1980s.
History.
Liberal Party was founded by Seraneeporm Komlas on 16 September 1982 After Seraneeporm Komlas resigned the office of the party leader on 27 July 1986, Narong Kittikachorn son of Thanom Kittikachorn and son-in-law of former military dictator Praphas Charusathien became leader of the party. The Liberal Party did not field any candidates for the March 1992 Thai general election and was dissolved on 8 January 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="56867097" url="?curid=56867097" title="Awesome Golf">
Awesome Golf

Awesome Golf is a 1991 golf video game developed by Hand Made Software and published by Atari Corporation in North America and Europe exclusively for the Atari Lynx. The first project to be created by Hand Made Software, players have the choice to compete either solo or against other human players using the console's ComLynx system on matches set in any of the three available countries across any of the game modes available. Its gameplay mainly uses a two-button configuration.
"Awesome Golf" was developed by most of the same staff that would later go on to work on future projects for Atari Corp. such as "Kasumi Ninja" on the Atari Jaguar. Atari had plans to develop a golf title for their Lynx platform and Hand Made Software travelled to meet with the company in order to work on a title for a handheld game console, which Atari agreed and decided to trust their golf project to the latter after being impressed with the team's abilities.
"Awesome Golf" was met with positive critical reception from video game magazines and dedicated outlets that reviewed the game since its launch, with reviewers praising several aspects such as the presentation, visuals, digitized voice samples, controls and gameplay, though some criticized other aspects of the title like the sound design. After its release, Hand Made Software would go on to develop five more titles for the Lynx.
Gameplay.
"Awesome Golf" is a golf game similar to "Top Player's Golf" and other golf titles from the era, where players compete in matches on various golf courses set across three countries of the world. There are three game modes and multiple golfers to choose from at the main menu: Medal is the main single-player mode where one player participates in 18 holes. Practice, as the name implies, is essentially a training mode where players can refine their skills. Lastly, there is Driving mode. Before starting each mode, players can configurate a set of options on the menu screen such as the number of holes to play through. Players also have the option of consulting with a gopher caddie called Chipper for advices and tips in how to complete a course before hitting the ball during gameplay. Multiplayer is a heavy focus of the game, as up to four players can compete with each other by connecting four Atari Lynx units via the system's ComLynx port.
Production.
Background.
Atari Corporation were already planning to release a four-player golf game for the Lynx as early as May 1990 under the title "Masters Golf", however it did not have a concrete release date. Its original internal working title was "Lynx Links", however Atari Corp. failed in registering said title, as the name "Lynx" was already in use at the time. Hand Made Software was a British studio founded in August 1990 by former Mr. Micro employees to focus on creating titles for handheld game consoles and recruited people with experience working in the video game industry, however the company had no project assigned to them but settled on working with the Atari Lynx. Two members of the company travelled to Chicago in order to meet with Atari to work on a Lynx project. Impressed with the team's abilities, Atari ultimately decided on trusting Hand Made Software with the development of a golf game that would later become "Awesome Golf".
Development.
"Awesome Golf" was made by most of the same team that would later work on various projects for Atari such as "Kasumi Ninja" on the Atari Jaguar. The development was helmed by a small team at Hand Made Software with Atari producer Juliana Wade leading its creation, while both Jim Gregory and Rob Nicholson served as the game's designers. Jim and Nicholson also shared roles as artists and programmers alongside Chris Manniex and Val Gregory. Both Paul Tonge and Tony Williams acted as composers for the title and created the sound effects as well, among other people collaborating in its development like David Gregory providing the voice work for Chipper. Jim Gregory and the team at Hand Made Software recounted the project's development process in a 1992 issue of British fanzine "Lynx User", where they stated that Atari wanted a title which could appeal to audiences of all ages, as well as the controls "to be quick to learn" and realistic visuals instead of polygons as with other golf titles from the era.
The game was originally intended to feature only one area to play, however the team managed to generate courses with highly compact data structure, expanding the number of courses from 18 to 54 as a result. In addition, the team was aided by the University of Salford, who managed to provide materials necessary in order to accurately simulate the ball's flight and a total of three months of research, including consulting with golfers and video game players were spent into the project and after the mechanics were completed, the team focused on testing and adjusting the product. The team had difficulties implementing the ComLynx functionality into the project, as the game exhibited issues when Lynx systems were linked together, which led them on writing a custom code and routine to keep the consoles synchronized during multiplayer.
The team at Hand Made Software also had to develop a new zoom technique for the game as well, as the Lynx can only zoom into graphics of a certain size. During development, the cost for a 2 megabit cartridge was reduced, allowing the team to improve visuals and the inclusion of Chipper due to the increased memory size. The game went gold on November 1991 after passing through testing and debugging, with the team holding a wrap party to celebrate.
Release.
"Awesome Golf" was published by Atari in North America and Europe on December 1991. Previews of the game featured different visuals compared with the final version released to the market, going under the name of "Golf".
Reception.
"Awesome Golf" was met with positive reception. Robert A. Jung reviewed the game which was later published on IGN in June 1999. In his final verdict he went on to say "This game captures the intricacies of the sport, while offering enough extras to enhance its appeal, though playing with friends can be a hassle. If golf is your game, Awesome Golf should not be missed." Giving a final rating of 9 out of 10.
Legacy.
After the release of "Awesome Golf" into the market, Hand Made Software would go on to work in five more projects for the Atari Lynx: "Dracula the Undead" (an adventure game loosely based on Bram Stoker's Dracula novel), "Power Factor" (a conversion of an unreleased Atari ST project by Red Rat Software titled "Red Ace"), "Malibu Bikini Volleyball", "Jimmy Connors' Tennis" (a port of NMS Software's tennis game featuring Jimmy Connors), and "Battlezone 2000".

</doc>
<doc id="56867098" url="?curid=56867098" title="Rayoni Head">
Rayoni Head

Christine Rayoni Head (born 18 February 1976; married Rayoni Nelson) is a former Australian badminton player. She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Head played in the singles event won a match to Robbyn Hermitage of Canada in the first round, but was defeated by Chan Ya-lin of Chinese Taipei in the second round. In the doubles event she teamed-up with Kellie Lucas, the duo were defeated in the first round to Thai pair Sujitra Ekmongkolpaisarn and Saralee Thungthongkam. Head was part of the South Australian team, and represented Australia in 1998, 2002 Uber Cup, and 1998 Commonwealth Games. Head has a Bachelor of Management and a Masters in Sport Management, and work as manager, physical activity, sport and healthy eating at VicHealth.
Achievements.
Oceania Championships.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56867101" url="?curid=56867101" title="Sword of Honour (film)">
Sword of Honour (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56867107" url="?curid=56867107" title="Textilia cervus">
Textilia cervus


</doc>
<doc id="56867119" url="?curid=56867119" title="Shawn the Sheep">
Shawn the Sheep


</doc>
<doc id="56867123" url="?curid=56867123" title="Blade runner 2049">
Blade runner 2049


</doc>
<doc id="56867126" url="?curid=56867126" title="Squire E. Howard">
Squire E. Howard

Squire Edward Howard (May 15, 1840 – November 26, 1912) was a Medal of Honor recipient who served for the United States Army during the American Civil War.
Civil War.
Howard enlisted into the Union Army at Townshend, Vermont as a sergeant. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in January 1863, and was discharged as a captain in December 1864. Howard was issued the Medal of Honor in January 1894 for his actions on January 14th 1863 during the Bayou Teche Campaign.
Medal of Honor citation.
"Voluntarily carried an important message through the heavy fire of the enemy to bring aid and save the gunboat Calhoun."

</doc>
<doc id="56867131" url="?curid=56867131" title="Buccinum maculosa">
Buccinum maculosa


</doc>
<doc id="56867136" url="?curid=56867136" title="1995–96 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team">
1995–96 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team

The 1995–96 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team represented University of Maryland, Baltimore County in the 1995–96 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played in the Big South Conference (BSC) and led by head coach Tom Sullivan in his first year.

</doc>
<doc id="56867139" url="?curid=56867139" title="Merrell v. Tice">
Merrell v. Tice

Merrell v. Tice, 104 U.S. 557 (1881), was a United States Supreme Court ruling dealing with copyright. At the time, a prerequisite for having a copyright was delivering two copies of the material to the Library of Congress within a time limit. Tice sued Merrell for copyright infringement and the lower courts were sympathetic; he just had to prove that he had observed that prerequisite. As evidence, Tice presented notes purportedly from the Library of Congress that certified that he had sent the book to the Library on time. Appeals of the case eventually landed it in the Supreme Court.
The Court determined that the letter was an example of what he would need, but was not sufficient to prove his case. Because there were statutory procedures for obtaining more suitable evidence from the Library of Congress and the Post Office, the Court overturned the lower court ruling and ordered that the case be retried.

</doc>
<doc id="56867142" url="?curid=56867142" title="Second Raid on Banu Thalabah">
Second Raid on Banu Thalabah


</doc>
<doc id="56867145" url="?curid=56867145" title="Squash at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Squash at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Squash at the 2018 Commonwealth Games was held at the Oxenford Studios on the Gold Coast, Australia from April 5 to 15. A total of five events are scheduled to be held, two each for men and women and a mixed doubles event.
Participating nations.
There are 28 participating nations in squash with a total of 106 athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="56867149" url="?curid=56867149" title="Three ministries and six departments">
Three ministries and six departments


</doc>
<doc id="56867150" url="?curid=56867150" title="Purpura nodulosa">
Purpura nodulosa


</doc>
<doc id="56867152" url="?curid=56867152" title="Diuris curta">
Diuris curta

Diuris curta is a species of orchid that is endemic to eastern Australia. It has one or two leaves and up to five bright yellow flowers with two small dark spots on the dorsal sepal. It grows on coastal headlands between about Byfield in Queensland and Hat Head in New South Wales.
Description.
"Diuris curta" is a tuberous, perennial herb with one or more usually two linear leaves long, wide and folded lengthwise. Up to five bright yellow flowers wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal is egg-shaped to almost round, long and wide with two small dark spots. The lateral sepals are greenish, egg-shaped to spatula-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, long, wide and turned downwards, parallel to or crossed over each other. The petals are more or less erect or curved backwards, broadly egg-shaped, long and wide on a blackish stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is egg-shaped to wedge-shaped, long and wide and the side lobes are oblong to egg-shaped, long and wide. There are two callus ridges long and spreading apart from each other near the mid-line of the labellum. Flowering occurs from August to early October.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Diuris curta" was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones from a specimen collected near Hat Head and the description was published in "Australian Orchid Research". The specific epithet ("curta") is a Latin word meaning "short", referring to the short habit of this orchid, which is probably a result of adaptation to the exposed environment.
Distribution and habitat.
This orchid grows on coastal headlands between Byfield and Hat Head, often in places exposed to the sea.
Conservation.
Invasion by weeds including bitou bush and native shrubs in the absence of fire threaten "D. curta".

</doc>
<doc id="56867157" url="?curid=56867157" title="Hoi Sham (constituency)">
Hoi Sham (constituency)

Hoi Sham () is one of the 24 constituencies in the Kowloon City District of Hong Kong which was created in 1994.
The constituency loosely covers coastal area of To Kwa Wan with the estimated population of 15,116.

</doc>
<doc id="56867161" url="?curid=56867161" title="Angela Sykes">
Angela Sykes

Angela Christina MacDonnell, Countess of Antrim (6 September 1911–27 August 1984), also known as Angela Antrim, was Countess of Antrim, a sculptor, a cartoonist, and an illustrator.
Early life and education.
Angela Christina Sykes was born 6 September 1911 at Eddlethorpe, near Malton in Yorkshire, as the fifth child and youngest daughter of a total of three sons and three daughters to Sir Mark Sykes, 6th Baronet of Sledmere, and Lady Edith Violet Sykes (née Gorst). She was educated privately before going to Brussels to train under Marnix d'Haveloose. After that she attended the British School in Rome for six months. When Sykes returned to London she established her own studio near Regent's Park. It was there she began to sculpt in stone.
Career and family.
In 1928 she showed "Mother and child" and "Woman and child" at the Royal Academy. Her first one-person show was almost ten years later, in 1937 at the Beaux Arts Gallery in London where she showed eighteen pieces of sculpture and five cartoon. Some of the pieces she carved displayed expressions of medieval sculpture while others were more political such as an anti--fascist piece depicting a figure in a German helmet which was smashed sometime after being rejected by the Royal Academy but displayed at Whitechapel Gallery.
In 1934 she married Randal John Somerled MacDonnell, earl of Antrim with whom she had three sons, including the artist Hector McDonnell and heir Alexander McDonnell and one daughter. One of their sons lived for a day. Their home was Glenarm Castle in Co. Antrim. From 11 May 1934, Sykes married name became McDonnell and she was styled Countess of Antrim. Sykes became known for her witty caricature drawings which featured her relatives, such as "The siege of Dunluce" (c.1934–5).
Sykes was active in the Women's Voluntary Service in the second world war. She organised canteens and hostels as well as led a mobile hospital unit for rescued people from concentration camps through the Catholic Women's League in Ulster. Sykes served with Catholic Relief Services on missions in Holland and Germany at the end of the war. Sykes received the papal decoration Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice in 1947. 
Sykes exhibited "Bronze head: Alexander" (1948) and "The descent from the cross" (1949) at the Royal Hibernian Academy and they were the only two works shown there. In another solo exhibitions in 1950 among the sculptures displayed was the "Belsen mother and child". It was based on her experiences in the war relief efforts. The exhibition was at the Gallery for the Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts (CEMA). In 1961 Sykes created the nativity scene design for the stained-glass window in the church of the Immaculate Conception in Glenarm. She created the bronze sculpture of St Patrick in his youth for St Mary's church, Feystown, Co. Antrim. The model for the piece was her own son Hector. She created the paint of the apocalypse on the chancel ceiling of Holy Trinity church, Edenbridge, Kent. In 1969 For the Broadway tower of the Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast she created the "Hand of healing" sculpture.
In 1951 she exhibited at the first show of the Contemporary Ulster Group. Other displays of her work took place in the Institute of the Sculptors of Ireland (1953–7) and the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts (1956).
An accident in 1962 left Sykes unable for carve due to damage to her hand. At that point she began then to model her figures to allow them to be cast in bronze.
Throughout the years Sykes was integral to the art movement in Northern Ireland. She became an academician of the Royal Ulster Academy of the Arts in 1950, was on their art advisory committee. For many years she was a governor of the Belfast College of Art. From the foundation of Ulster Television in 1958, Sykes was one of the directors. She was also a trustee of the Ulster Museum, Belfast and was the chair of the museum's arts committee. She was President of the Institute of the Sculptors of Ireland in 1956. Sykes chaired the organising committee of "Art in worship today", an exhibition of postwar church building and works of art, shown in Belfast in 1968. She served on the Northern Ireland Arts Council, and was a founder and first president of the Association of Ulster Drama Festivals.
She illustrated several books. Two were written as "Angela Antrim" (she signed artwork as "A. A.")
Sykes was awarded an honorary LLD from Queen's University Belfast in 1971. She died at Glenarm castle 27 August 1984, and was buried in the MacDonnell family graveyard.

</doc>
<doc id="56867166" url="?curid=56867166" title="List of teams and cyclists in the 1919 Giro d'Italia">
List of teams and cyclists in the 1919 Giro d'Italia

The 1919 Giro d'Italia was the seventh edition of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The field consisted of 63 riders, and 15 riders finished the race.

</doc>
<doc id="56867167" url="?curid=56867167" title="Pharcidella inopinata">
Pharcidella inopinata


</doc>
<doc id="56867172" url="?curid=56867172" title="Twinkling Star">
Twinkling Star


</doc>
<doc id="56867191" url="?curid=56867191" title="Vladislav Piskonov">
Vladislav Piskonov


</doc>
<doc id="56867201" url="?curid=56867201" title="Andrei Vorontsov">
Andrei Vorontsov


</doc>
<doc id="56867205" url="?curid=56867205" title="Yelena Sobaleva">
Yelena Sobaleva


</doc>
<doc id="56867209" url="?curid=56867209" title="Hussain Jamaan Al-Hamdah">
Hussain Jamaan Al-Hamdah


</doc>
<doc id="56867224" url="?curid=56867224" title="Cohen–Macaulay scheme">
Cohen–Macaulay scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56867233" url="?curid=56867233" title="Coomera Sport and Leisure Centre">
Coomera Sport and Leisure Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56867243" url="?curid=56867243" title="Yü-shih t'ai">
Yü-shih t'ai


</doc>
<doc id="56867245" url="?curid=56867245" title="Chiu ssu">
Chiu ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56867250" url="?curid=56867250" title="Board of Army">
Board of Army


</doc>
<doc id="56867252" url="?curid=56867252" title="F. H. Litchfield">
F. H. Litchfield


</doc>
<doc id="56867257" url="?curid=56867257" title="Board of Civil Office">
Board of Civil Office


</doc>
<doc id="56867259" url="?curid=56867259" title="(You've Got) The Magic Touch">
(You've Got) The Magic Touch

"(You've Got) The Magic Touch" is a song written by Buck Ram, and performed by The Platters. It reached #4 on both the U.S. pop chart and the U.S. R&amp;B chart in 1956.
The song was ranked #36 on "Billboard" magazine's Top 50 singles of 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="56867267" url="?curid=56867267" title="Shu-mi yüan">
Shu-mi yüan


</doc>
<doc id="56867269" url="?curid=56867269" title="Gymnastics at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Gymnastics at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Gymnastics competitions at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia, were held from April 5 to 9, 2018 (artistic) and 11 to 13 (rhythmic) at the Coomera Indoor Sports Centre. A total of 14 artistic gymnastics events were held (eight for men and six for women), along with six rhythmic gymnastics events.
Participating nations.
Artistic.
There are 21 participating nations in the artistic gymnastics competitions with a total of 98 athletes.
Rhythmic.
There are 13 participating nations in the rhythmic gymnastics competitions with a total of 26 athletes. Nigeria and Sri Lanka made their Commonwealth Games debut in the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="56867271" url="?curid=56867271" title="Bolt d'Oro">
Bolt d'Oro

Bolt d'Oro (foaled March 17, 2015) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. At age two, he won his first three starts, including the Del Mar Futurity and FrontRunner Stakes, before finishing third in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile. He started his three-year-old campaign by winning the San Felipe Stakes by disqualification and finishing second in the Santa Anita Derby. One of the early favorites for the 2018 Kentucky Derby, he finished twelfth in that race.
Background.
Bolt d'Oro was bred in Kentucky by WinStar Farm. He was sired by Medaglia d'Oro, winner of the Travers Stakes and fourth in the 2002 Kentucky Derby. As a sire, Medaglia d'Oro is best known as the sire of Hall of Fame inductee Rachel Alexandra and multiple Eclipse Award winner Songbird. Bolt d'Oro was the second foal out of Globe Trot, a daughter of A.P. Indy. Her first foal, Sonic Mule, was also a stakes winner.
Bolt d'Oro was sold at the 2016 Fasig-Tipton yearling sale for $630,000 to Mick Ruis, who is also the colt's trainer. Ruis sent the colt to Ike Green at his Montana ranch for breaking and early training. The colt's name is a tribute to sprinter Usain Bolt, who was competing at the 2016 Olympics at the same time the colt was being prepared for his first ride. Green noted that the horse, like the sprinter, made everything look effortless and easy. "If you've been riding cheap horses all your life, and old claimers you're trying to patch up, you know the difference between one like him and those," said Green.
Racing career.
2017: two-year-old season.
Bolt d'Oro joined Mick Ruis's stable in the spring of 2017 and posted his first workout on May 11. He caught the attention of handicappers with an excellent workout on July 22 of 59 seconds flat for 5 furlongs – the best time of 93 such workouts on the day. As a result, he was the odds-on favorite for his first start in a maiden special weight race at Del Mar on August 5. He broke poorly but quickly made his way through the field and dueled for the early lead. In the stretch, he responded to a challenge from Bank Walker to draw off for a -length win.
Ruis then decided to step Bolt d'Oro up in class for the Grade I Del Mar Futurity on September 4. He again broke poorly, settling near the back of the field behind a fast early pace. The colt started to make up ground while racing wide around the turn, then dueled with Zatter down the stretch. He drew clear near the wire to win by three-quarters of a length with the favorite, Run Away, well back in third.
On September 30, Bolt d'Oro entered the FrontRunner Stakes at Santa Anita Park as the odds-on favorite in a field of nine. He broke well and stalked the early pace set by Take the One O One. He took the lead turning into the stretch and continued to draw away, ultimately winning by lengths over Solomini.
Bolt d'Oro made his final start of the year in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile at Del Mar on November 4. Once again the odds-on favorite, he stumbled at the start and fell well behind the early leaders, then had to check his stride in heavy traffic. Around the final turn, he swung extremely wide to find racing room and started to make up ground rapidly. However, he could not close down the early advantage of Good Magic, who won by lengths, and Solomini, who finished a length ahead of Bolt d'Oro in second.
In the Eclipse Award voting for American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse, Bolt d'Oro finished second to Good Magic by just 18 votes. The two horses were given an equal rating of 126 pounds in The Jockey Club's juvenile rankings, formerly known as the Experimental Free Handicap.
2018: three-year-old season.
Bolt d'Oro's three-year-old debut was delayed by some body soreness in early January. Ruis bypassed the early prep races in February to give the colt more time to recover. Ruis also decided to change jockeys from Corey Nakatani, who had ridden the colt in all of his two-year-old races, to Javier Castellano.
On March 10, Bolt d'Oro entered the San Felipe Stakes, in which he was the slight favorite over the undefeated McKinzie. Lombo went to the early lead, followed closely by McKinzie with Bolt d'Oro a few lengths back in fourth. On the final turn, Bolt d'Oro made his move on the outside while Lombo dropped back. Rounding into the stretch, Bolt d'Oro bumped with McKinzie, then pulled into the lead. After nearly going into the rail, McKinzie rallied and the two horses battled down the stretch. In the final sixteenth of a mile, McKinzie started to bear out into Bolt d'Oro's path and the two horses bumped again. McKinzie crossed the line a head in front, but was disqualified to second. The stewards felt that the fault for the first contact near the head of the stretch was inconclusive: one camera angle showed that McKinzie may have caused the problem by bearing out, while the other angle showed that Bolt d'Oro may have been at fault for bearing in. However, McKinzie was clearly at fault in the second incident and the stewards felt the interference was enough to have cost Bolt d'Oro the race.
The win moved Bolt d'Oro to the top of the NTRA three-year-old poll with 29 first place votes, followed closely by McKinzie. Veteran sportswriter Steve Haskin called them "two exceptional colts who ran their hearts out, got a lot out of the race, and are for now clear-cut favorites for the Run for the Roses."
The Santa Anita Derby, held on April 7, attracted a field of seven. Trainer Bob Baffert was originally planning to enter McKinzie for a rematch against Bolt d'Oro, but withdrew the colt due to a minor injury. Instead Baffert entered Justify, who had run impressively in his first two starts but was facing stakes company for the first time. Justify went to the early lead and set easy fractions, opening up three lengths on Bolt d'Oro down the backstretch in what was essentially a match race. Bolt d'Oro was put to a drive as they rounded the final turn and closed to within a length and a half before Justify again drew away for a three-length win.
On May 5, Bolt d'Oro entered the 2018 Kentucky Derby as one of the favorites. He raced a few lengths behind a fast early pace set by Promises Fulfilled and Justified then tried to close ground while going wide around the far turn. Justify repelled the challenge and went on to win the race, while Bolt d'Oro faded to finish twelfth.
Rather than facing Justify again, Ruis opted to enter Bolt d'Oro in the prestigious Metropolitan Handicap (popularly known as the Met Mile) against older horses. Bolt d'Oro challenged Bee Jersey for the early lead but was unable to maintain the pace and tailed off to finish last.
Bolt d'Oro was subsequently transferred to the stable of Steve Asmussen, who gave the colt some time off after the spring campaign. Bolt d'Oro was expected to return to racing in the late fall but returned sore from an October workout and was subsequently retired. "He went to the top races, and we had to go against big barns that had 30-40 precocious horses," Ruis said. "He danced with all of them. He was an incredible horse."
Retirement.
Bolt d'Oro was retired to stud at Spendthrift Farm, where he will stand the 2019 season for $25,000. On February 27, 2019, his first mare was confirmed in foal. On March 5, Lotta Kim, dam of 2009 Horse of the Year Rachel Alexandra, was covered by Bolt d'Oro.
Statistics.
An asterisk after the odds means Bolt d'Oro was the post-time favorite.
Pedigree.
Bolt d'Oro has no inbreeding through the first five generations of his pedigree.

</doc>
<doc id="56867272" url="?curid=56867272" title="Yaniv Erlich">
Yaniv Erlich

Yaniv Erlich is an Israeli-American scientist. He is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Columbia University and the Chief Science Officer of MyHeritage. Erlich's work combines computer science and genomics.
Biography.
Erlich was born in Israel. He earned BSc in Brain Sciences in 2006 from Tel Aviv University and a PhD in bioinformatics in 2010 from Watson School of Biological Sciences at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. From 2010 to 2015, Erlich was a Fellow at the Whitehead Institute, MIT. Since 2015, he leads a lab at Columbia University in computational genomics 
Scientific work.
Crowd sourcing genomic information.
Erlich's team published a study in the journal Science that reported crowd-sourcing of tens of millions of genealogical records from the website Geni.com. The team was able to create a single family tree of 13 million people that are all connected and spans tens of generations and over 600 years of history. The study used the data to analyze the genetics of longevity and familial dispersion
In a different line of studies, Erlich and Joe Pickrell put together a website called DNA.Land to crowd source genomic datasets of participants of consumer genomics. The website collected over 130,000 datasets by November 2018.
Genetic Privacy.
The Erlich group published several studies on the subject of genetic privacy. In 2013, they reported the possibility of recovering the surname of a male from his allegedly anonymous genomic dataset, which can lead to tracing his full identity. The technique exploits the co-inheritance of surnames and Y-chromosomes in most societies. Thus, by comparing the Y-chromosome of the person of interest to genetic genealogy databases of Y-chromosomes, it is possible in some cases to infer the surname. The team estimated that 12% of males in the US are subject to successful surname recovery. The team also demonstrated that after recovering the surname, basic demographic identifiers such as age and state of residency can permit tracing back the identity of the individual. To demonstrate the power of technique, they recover the identity of multiple 1000 Genomes by surname inference.
In 2014, Erlich and Arvind Narayanan published a survey of hacking techniques to genomic datasets. They predicted that autosomal searches in GEDmatch can be used to trace back the identity of anonymous people once the GEDmatch user base will reach a certain size, which indeed happened in 2018, where the website used to capture the Golden State Killer.
In 2018, the Erlich team published a study in Science that reported that about 60% of US individuals of European descent have at least a 3rd cousin match in GEDmatch, which can theoretically permit their identification. In two to three years, virtually any person in this ethnic group can be theoretically traced using this technique, if the current rate of growth in GEDmatch will continue. The team suggested a cryptographic signature technique to reduce the chance of misusing direct to consumer websites by police searches.

</doc>
<doc id="56867279" url="?curid=56867279" title="Cambridge Analytics">
Cambridge Analytics


</doc>
<doc id="56867282" url="?curid=56867282" title="The National Centre for Social Research">
The National Centre for Social Research


</doc>
<doc id="56867292" url="?curid=56867292" title="Duzhi">
Duzhi


</doc>
<doc id="56867295" url="?curid=56867295" title="Tu-chih">
Tu-chih


</doc>
<doc id="56867300" url="?curid=56867300" title="Liechtenstein family">
Liechtenstein family


</doc>
<doc id="56867302" url="?curid=56867302" title="Ara de Trajano">
Ara de Trajano

The Ara de Trajano is a granitic boulder located in Caldas das Taipas, Braga District, Portugal, with an honorable inscription to Trajan, dated 104 AD.
The Ara de Trajano is classified as a National Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="56867303" url="?curid=56867303" title="Min-pu">
Min-pu


</doc>
<doc id="56867309" url="?curid=56867309" title="1982–83 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1982–83 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team

The 1982–83 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team represented Boston College as members of the Big East Conference during the 1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Regular Season
!colspan=12 style=| Big East Tournament
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
Sources 

</doc>
<doc id="56867312" url="?curid=56867312" title="Li-pu">
Li-pu


</doc>
<doc id="56867331" url="?curid=56867331" title="Christina Wartenberg">
Christina Wartenberg


</doc>
<doc id="56867332" url="?curid=56867332" title="Diving at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Diving at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

The diving competitions at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Queensland was held from 10 to 14 April at the 
Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. A total of ten events was contested (five for men and five for women).
Participating nations.
There were 11 participating nations in diving with a total of 69 athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="56867334" url="?curid=56867334" title="Ricardo Armentano">
Ricardo Armentano

Ricardo Luis Armentano Feijoo (born 3 August 1957) is an Uruguayan professor and researcher who has worked in biomedical engineering and cardiovascular systems. He currently serves as the director of the GIBIO research group at the National Technological University — Buenos Aires Regional Faculty (Argentina). Also he is the director of the Department of Biological Engineering, University of the Republic (Uruguay). He has two doctoral degrees, two post-doctoral degrees, and has authored more than 300 research articles and 20 books/book chapters.
Prof. Ricardo Armentano has done thorough and remarkable work in the field of Engineering in Biology and Medicine from its theoretical fundamentals to its application in clinical practice, throughout a conscious-technology approach with humanistic motivation and global vision. The originality of his approaches has led him to achieve two PhD degrees: the first one in Physiological Sciences from the University of Buenos Aires, and the second one in Biomechanics from the University of Paris Denis Diderot VII with the highest qualifications. Given that poverty, malnutrition and environmental degradation may increase the propensity to cardiovascular diseases, Professor Armentano focused his works to model cardiovascular dynamics in these high-risk groups. He has dedicated a considerable amount of time throughout his career to set up and train a research group, aware of the importance of an adequate working environment over final results. He created a team consisting of young students, engineers, medical doctors, physicists, mathematicians and other specialists and centered his attention on human resources to spread out his latest advances and potentially increase the whole research line motivation. Professor Armentano has created and directed the seasonal school "¨Modeling in Biomechanics and Mechanobiology"¨ for graduate students, early stage researchers and practitioners with organized opportunities to build communities with professors from many countries and established practitioners and engage in hands-on tutorials in Biomechanics and Mechanobiology at the School of Engineering of Buenos Aires University.
Academic career.
Dr. Ricardo Armentano received his Electronic Engineer degree in 1984. Two years before graduation, he won the competition for a pregraduate fellowship at the Department of Biomedical Engineering of the Favaloro Foundation, to develop equipment for biomedical research. There he received intensive training in Biomedical Instrumentation and modeling of biological systems at the school of Engineering of the University of Buenos Aires. In 1984 he became an Independent Investigator at the Research and Teaching Department of the Favaloro Foundation, and in 1986 he obtained a research fellowship granted by the INSERM (France) – CONICET (Argentina) Cooperation Agreement to investigate in Arterial Mechanics at l’Unité 28 de l’Institut de la Santé et la Recherche Medicale, in the Centre de Médicine Préventive Cardiovasculaire, Hôpital Broussais, Paris, France, under the direction of Dr. Jaime Levenson.
In 1988 he was granted a 4-month INSERM scholarship as Invited Investigator at Unité 263, INSERM, of the Unité de Recherches Biomathématiques et Bioestatistiques de l’Université Paris VII, under the direction of Professor Nguyen Phong Chau, where he specialized in Biomathematics and Biostatistics. Between 1990 and 1993, supported by the INSERM – CONICET Cooperation Agreement, he traveled regularly to Paris, where he developed the Constitutive Equation of the Arterial Wall, which allows to follow-up the alterations of the diverse structural components of the arterial wall during the course of different arterial diseases. This model was successfully validated in animals and then widely applied in humans.
In 1992 he was the invited speaker at the Official Course of Specialization in Cardiology at both the University of Buenos Aires and the Universidad del Salvador in Buenos Aires. In the Federative Republic of Brazil, he was invited speaker of a doctoral course in Cardiovascular Dynamics in Biomedical Engineering at the University Hospital of the Federal University of Santa Catarina. During the same year, he was invited speaker and he acted as Member of Doctoral Thesis Examination Board at the Ëcole Centrale de Arts et Metiers de Paris by Prof Jean E Morell. In the same year he was appointed Professor at the University Institute of Biomedical Sciences of the Favaloro Foundation.
In 1993 he participated as Invited Researcher at the INSIBIO (Superior Institute of Biomedical Engineering) under the direction of Dr. Eng. Máximo E. Valentinuzzi of the National University of Tucumán, Argentina. During the same year, he returned, transitorily, to his native country (no se sabe cuál es) as a member of the PEDECIBA (United Nations Program for the Development of Basic Sciences), within the project URU/84/002 of the Ministry of Education and Culture and the Universidad de la República. As a member of the PEDECIBA he was assigned the maximum category: Grade 5 Investigator.
In 1994 he was appointed Principal Investigator of the Basic Science Research Institute of the Favaloro Foundation, and since then he is the leader of the Arterial System Dynamics Project, to which he has dedicated most of his efforts. By the end of 1994 he qualified as Doctor of the University of Buenos Aires in Physiological Sciences, under the direction of Dr. Mario Parisi, with the highest qualification (excellent), and started his studies to develop a doctoral thesis in Physics at the Université Denis Diderot. He was granted a fellowship at the Centre International des Etudiants et Stagiaires to carry out research in the Laboratoire de Biorhelogie et Hydrodynamique Physicoquimique, CNRS, URA 343, under the direction of Dr. Patrice Flaud. To continue his investigations, he received grants from Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris VI, and later (1997) from Fondation Biologia et Naturalia of Paris. In 1998 he won the competition for a Professorship position in Fluids Mechanics in Bioingineering at the School of Engineering of Buenos Aires University, and was appointed Director of the Department of Electronics at the Favaloro University. In this University, he was a member of the Superior Council and President of the Council of Research and Development.
In 1999 he obtained the Degree of Docteur de l’Université de Paris VII Denis Diderot, for the Doctorat de Biomecanique: Mecanique de Systèmes Biologiques, under the direction of Dr. Patrice Flaud, with the highest qualification: Très Honorable avec Felicitations du Jury.
He was a fellow of the Clemente Stable Fund (CONICYT) for a postdoctoral position at the school of Medicine, University of the Republic. Area of knowledge: Quantitative Physiology, Cardiovascular Hemodynamics (2002-2003)
In 2003 he was appointed Dean of the School of Engineering and Exact and Natural Sciences of Favaloro University.
In December 2004 he was selected as researcher class 1 by the Ministry of Education, Culture and Technology of the República Argentina. In October 2005 he was designated Director of the PhD program on signal processing of the National Technological University of Buenos Aires. In 2008 he has been honored with a senior fellowship of the Ville de Paris for French post doctoral researchers in Paris city laboratories supervised by Prof. Alain Simon. Professor Armentano is a visiting professor at Institut Jean le Rond d'Alembert Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris France and at the Politechnic University, Madrid Spain. He has been elected Co-Chair Global of the Citizen Safety and Security working group of the International Federation for Medical and Biological Engineering (IFMBE).
Dr. Ricardo Armentano has participated in more than 100 international scientific congresses with a total of 300 published abstracts, has given more than 130 conferences, has published more than 200 scientific papers in peer-reviewed international journals and more than 30 book chapters. He has directed 30 doctoral and master theses.
IEEE Society career.
Ricardo Armentano is a member of the Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) since 1985. In 2001 he was elected as a Senior Member of the IEEE and In December 2004 he was appointed chair of the Argentinean Chapter of the EMBS, IEEE. He was the conference chair of the 32nd International Conference EMBS/IEEE Buenos Aires 2010. He was a member of the International Program Committee in the 31st Annual International Conference of IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, member of the International Program Committee for the 34 IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Conference (EMBC’12) and member of the Conference Organization Advisory Board of the 33rd IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Conference. He served at IEEE Corporate - Awards as a member in the 2015 IEEE Healthcare Technology Medal Committee and in 2015 IEEE Biomedical Engineering Award Committee. He was served as the AdCom 2015 EMBS IEEE Latin America Officer.
He has been President of the Argentine Society of Bioengineering and Argentine delegate in the Latin American Regional Council on Biomedical Engineering (CORAL), an organization co-sponsored by IEEE/EMBS and IFMBE. He chaired the XII Argentine Congress of Bioengineering SABI/EMBS Chapter in Buenos Aires city. He is a member of the IEEE Society on Social Implications of Technology since 2010.
Also Dr. Armentano is the Vice President of the Argentine Chapter of IEEE Society of Social Implications of Technology (SSIT) (2017). He is a member of EMBS IEEE Technical Committee on Cardiopulmonary Systems (2017). Currently he is a distinguished lecturer of the IEEE-EMBS.

</doc>
<doc id="56867335" url="?curid=56867335" title="Joe Lane (cartoonist)">
Joe Lane (cartoonist)

Joseph Eichberger (November 13, 1911 – March 20, 2009) was an American cartoonist best known for his work under the pen name Joe Lane; he also used the name Joseph Berger. Eichberger began his cartooning work before serving in the US Navy during World War II, using a pseudonym due to conflicts with his work as a firefighter. Eichberger was a fire engineer for the Chicago Fire Department.
Career.
Eichberger did cartooning for the "Chicago Herald and Examiner".
Eichberger's career included work for DC Comics that predates "Action Comics" issue 1, which meant that before his death he was one of the last remaining Platinum age creators.
Eichberger is best known for his cartoons for "Extension Magazine", a publication of the Catholic Church Extension Society. Starting in the 1940s, he provided a Sunday-sized comic strip called "Davey", using the Joseph Berger pen name. His primary work in the magazine under the Joe Lane name was during the 1950s and into the 1960s. He sold his first cartoon about nuns to "Extension" in 1942, before beginning his wartime service. He returned to doing nun cartoons for the magazine regularly after Bill O'Malley, who had gained attention on the magazine doing cartoons about "Two Little Nuns", left the magazine in a tiff over payment. In O'Malley's copyright lawsuit that followed, Eichberger provided a deposition. The first collection of the Joe Lane nun cartoons had preorders of over 50,000 copies. Lane also provided cartoons about clergymen. In 2009, columnist Dan Savage noted that some were finding new relevance in his clergy cartoons, reinterpreting them in the light of the Church's sex scandals.
Publications.
As Joe Lane.
Michael Book Co. cartoon collections.
Michael Book Co. was Eichberger's self-publishing imprint.
Personal life.
Eichberger and his wife, Catherine Quinn Eichberger (married in July, 1943), had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="56867336" url="?curid=56867336" title="Blatec, Czech Republic">
Blatec, Czech Republic


</doc>
<doc id="56867342" url="?curid=56867342" title="Marcelino Moreno">
Marcelino Moreno

Damián Marcelino Moreno (born 25 June 1994) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Major League Soccer club Atlanta United.
Career.
Moreno had spells with Atlético Palmira and Boca Juniors during his youth career, prior to moving on to join Lanús where he featured at the 2016 U-20 Copa Libertadores. In 2015, Moreno joined Talleres of Torneo Federal A on loan. However, a year later, Moreno rejoined Argentine Primera División side Lanús after not playing for Talleres' first-team. He made his senior debut for Lanús on 19 July 2016 in a Copa Argentina win over San Martín de Formosa, before making his professional league debut against former club Boca Juniors on 28 August. In his debut season of 2016–17, Moreno featured twenty-eight times in all competitions.
Moreno scored his first senior goal in March 2019 against Belgrano. 
Atlanta United.
On 22 September 2020, following one hundred and twelve appearances and six goals for Lanús, Moreno departed to the United States with Major League Soccer team Atlanta United; signing as a designated player for an undisclosed fee. He debuted in a home defeat to the New York Red Bulls on 11 October, which preceded six further appearances in the 2020 campaign; he also netted penalties in November against FC Cincinnati and Columbus Crew SC.
Honours.
Lanús

</doc>
<doc id="56867345" url="?curid=56867345" title="Anguilla at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Anguilla at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Anguilla competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018. It was Anguilla's 6th appearance at the Commonwealth Games.
The Anguillan team consisted of 12 athletes competed in three sports: athletics, boxing and road cycling. The Anguillan team also consisted of seven officials. The appearance in boxing marked the Commonwealth Games debut for the country in the sport.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics (track and field).
Anguilla's track and field team consisted of five athletes (two male and three female).
Boxing.
Anguilla's boxing team consisted of two male athletes. The appearance in boxing marked the Commonwealth Games debut for the country in the sport.
Cycling.
Anguilla's cycling team consisted of five male athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="56867350" url="?curid=56867350" title="Willy Rodríguez">
Willy Rodríguez


</doc>
<doc id="56867351" url="?curid=56867351" title="Álex Collado">
Álex Collado

Álex Collado Gutiérrez (born 22 April 1999) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for La Liga club Barcelona. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a winger.
Club career.
Born in Sabadell, Barcelona, Catalonia, Collado joined FC Barcelona's youth setup in 2009, after stints at RCD Espanyol and CE Mercantil. He was a member of the Barcelona youth team that won the 2017–18 UEFA Youth League, defeating Chelsea 3–0 in the final.
After progressing through the youth setup, Collado made his debut for Barcelona B in the Segunda División on 17 March 2018, starting in a 1–1 away draw against Lorca FC. He scored his first goal for Barça B on 15 December 2018, the last-minute winner in a 2–1 home win against Lleida Esportiu. 
Collado made his first team debut for Barcelona, as a starter, on 4 May 2019 in a 2–0 away loss to Celta Vigo in La Liga. Ahead of the 2020–21 season, Collado was named the new captain of "Barça B" following the long term injury of former captain Ferrán Sarsanedas.
On 31 March 2021, Collado renewed his contract with "Barça" for two further years, until 2023, and was definitely promoted to the main squad for the 2021–22 campaign.
Honours.
Barcelona

</doc>
<doc id="56867354" url="?curid=56867354" title="Montserrat at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Montserrat at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

Montserrat competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018.
The delegation from Montserrat consisted of seven track and field athletes.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics.
Montserrat participated with 7 athletes (7 men).

</doc>
<doc id="56867357" url="?curid=56867357" title="Borna Ćorić career statistics">
Borna Ćorić career statistics

This is a list of main career statistics of Croatian professional tennis player Borna Ćorić. All statistics are according to the ATP Tour and ITF websites.
Performance timelines.
Singles.
"Current through the end of 2021 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament."
Record against other players.
Record against top-10 players.
Ćorić's record against those who have been ranked in the top 10, with active players in boldface. 

</doc>
<doc id="56867358" url="?curid=56867358" title="Wateringbury SSSI">
Wateringbury SSSI

Wateringbury SSSI is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Wateringburym west of Maidstone in Kent. It is a Geological Conservation Review site.
This site contains tufa which displays a complete sequence of molluscs, especially terrestrial snails, dating to the early Holocene, and thus gives a full record of the order in which species colonised the area after the end of the last ice age, the Younger Dryas. 
The site is private land with no public access. It has been filled in and no geology is visible.

</doc>
<doc id="56867364" url="?curid=56867364" title="Arthur Frederick Bettinson">
Arthur Frederick Bettinson

Arthur Frederick "Peggy" Bettinson (10 March 1862 – 4 December 1926) was a skilled pugilist, becoming English Amateur Boxing Association Lightweight Champion in 1882. In 1891 Bettinson co-founded the National Sporting Club (NSC). As its manager, he implemented a strict code of conduct, rules and etiquette that was adhered to by both boxers and spectators, ushering in a culture change that brought respect and legitimacy to what had been a barely regulated, lawless and chaotic sport. He was one of boxing's most prominent and powerful advocates in England's courtrooms in an era when boxing's legal status was uncertain.
Utilising his extensive knowledge of the sport and his no-nonsense reputation, Bettinson promoted many fighters, events and tournaments in boxing and wrestling. His crusade for firm rules and fair play encouraged a growing number of wealthy backers to pour their influence and money into these sports.
Bettinson refereed bouts in London and Wales, controversially disqualifying Jim Driscoll in 1910. The NSC enhanced the reputation and reach of boxing during World War I, working with various regiments to lay on training and tournaments for the British and French armed forces. They also raised money to supply ambulance cars to the British Red Cross and the Allies. He authored and co-authored a number of books during his life, exulting his theories on the art of boxing. Bettinson was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2011.
Early life.
Nickname.
Bettinson was once asked how he gained the nickname "Peggy":
Work and sport.
Bettinson was born 10 March 1862 into a working-class family. His father, John George Bettinson, was a general labourer, builder and joiner. Bettinson spent his teenage years completing an apprenticeship in upholstery. As a young man Bettinson excelled in a variety of sports; he was an accomplished rugby player and cricketer. He swam at the Annual 100-yard Amateur Championships held at the Lambeth Baths, finishing 2nd in 1883.
Boxing was Bettinson's chief passion. At the age of 19 he reached the semi-finals of the inaugural Amateur Boxing Association (ABA) finals that took place in London in 1881, as a middleweight representing the German Gymnastic Society. He lost to the eventual winner William Brown (Birmingham ABC). The following year he entered the competition as a lightweight. Aged 20, he succeeded in his aim of winning the title, defeating W. Shillcock (Birmingham ABC) in the final. Bettinson continued to fight in amateur exhibition bouts until the age of 29.
Origins of the National Sporting Club.
Forerunner.
The Pelican Club was opened in Gerrard Street, London in 1887 by Earnest Wells. John Fleming was the manager. Among its numerous upper-class patrons was John Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry, who put his name to a set of boxing rules which became the basic framework of the modern sport: the Queensberry rules. Despite its aristocratic clientele, the Pelican gained an infamous reputation as a gambling establishment for Prize-fighting, which was illegal in England. Its neighbours filed an injunction at the High Court against the club, due to the loutish behaviour and noise emanating from the Pelican in the early hours. By the start of January 1892, the Pelican had closed. The "Bridport News" reported that many of its leading members had already deserted the club and some had gone on to create new clubs, where from "...its ashes, the mistakes of the old club have been avoided, and an objectionable element in its membership has been rigidly excluded."
Founding.
In search of a new premises, Bettinson and Fleming found and purchased a once-popular evening restaurant and concert room, the Old Falstaff Club, which had gone into liquidation. Bettinson recruited all the founding members, including most of the prominent bookmakers in London. Hugh Lowther, 5th Earl of Lonsdale was to be the face of the club as its president. The National Sporting Club (NSC) opened 5 March 1891 at 43 King Street, Covent Garden, London. The opening night was a major success according to newspapers of the time. Bettinson provided most of the capital that had underwritten the new venture, and was said by several sources to have been opinionated, outspoken and autocratic and a benevolent dictator.
Primarily due to boxing's dubious legal status at that time the NSC was a private members club, an arrangement tolerated by the courts. The NSC "was a businesslike undertaking of business men for other business men". A strict code of conduct was expected of the club's patrons, such as a formal dress charter, silence and a no-smoking policy at ring side during bouts. This culture change was rigorously enforced by Bettinson. A modified version of the Queensberry Rules, called the National Sporting Club rules, were enforced by the referees during boxing matches. This included a maximum of 20 three-minute rounds, with one minute's rest in-between; padded gloves were worn and a rudimentary points system was introduced. The boxers would comply with the referees' decisions at all times and bow to the crowd when the bout finished. As the NSC was one of the only sanctioned boxing venues in 1890s London, its board acted as the national supervisory agency for boxing. This helped to standardise boxing rules and practice. The NSC board was the precursor to the British Boxing Board of Control.
In November 1897 John Fleming was found dead in a toilet cubicle at the NSC. Out of respect, all business at the club was suspended until the following month. Bettinson carried on as sole manager.
Boxing on trial.
The legality of boxing was a dubious and contentious subject in this era. Prize fighting was illegal, but "scientific exhibitions of skill for points" were not. Following deaths in the ring, the Old Bailey was the venue for four legal battles from 1897 to 1901 between the state and the growing professional boxing establishment, of which Bettinson and the NSC was at the centre. Boxing was on trial in many parts of the UK .
Death of Walter Croot.
On Monday 6 December 1897, business at the NSC resumed after John Fleming's funeral. There was a bout that night between Walter Croot of Leytonstone and Jim Barry of Chicago in a lightweight contest. Croot was knocked out in the 20th round. The "South Wales Daily News" wrote that Croot's friends only became concerned a few hours after the fight had finished as he had not regained consciousness. Croot was pronounced dead at 0900 the morning after the fight. Jim Barry and his trainer, T Smith, were arrested at the NSC that afternoon for manslaughter. Bettinson and the referee were charged "with being concerned in causing manslaughter". All charged were remanded on bail.
The inquest was heard at St Clement Danes Hall, Strand, 13 December 1897. Mr Gill represented Bettinson and the NSC. He gave testament about the safety considerations and rules regarding boxing at the club. The inquest found that during the match the deceased fell and struck his head, and the medical testimony was to the effect that death was due to a fracture of the skull. The Coroner's jury, by a majority of twelve out of fourteen, returned a verdict of accidental death. All charges were dropped.
Death of Tom Turner.
Nathaniel Smith defeated Tom Turner by knockout in the 13th round at the NSC on 7 November 1898. Turner died three days later without regaining consciousness. Bettinson, Smith and all others directly involved with the fight were charged at Bow Street Police Court for "being concerned in the manslaughter of Tom Turner". A police officer testified that he had approached the club before the bout, saying that if there were to be a fatality, the organisers would be held responsible and would be liable to being charged. All charged were remanded for a week.
Bettinson and the others involved were sent to trial at the Old Bailey, charged with culpable manslaughter. This was despite the coroners jury ruling there was no case to answer, as the autopsy revealed that Turner had a "small heart" and the cause of death was a blood clot to the brain. Bettinson gave evidence, testifying that the normal rules and precautions were followed. gloves were used for the bout (the maximum weight was ). The recorder, Sir Charles Hall, addressed the grand jury, saying it was peculiar that this case was brought to trial due to no evidence of wrongdoing being present. "Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper" reported Hall's words: "boxing was a perfectly legitimate thing. It was a manly thing and he hoped the day would be long distant when boxing would cease to be a natural kind of sport and recreation". The jury threw out the bill. After this trial, the NSC made it a requirement that boxers were examined by a physician on the day of the bout.
Death of Mike Riley.
In January 1900 Mike Riley of Glasgow was unable to leave his corner when time was called for the 10th round and took a knee, so the referee ended the fight and Mathew Precious of Birmingham was declared winner. Riley's condition deteriorated and he was rushed to Charring Cross Hospital, where he died soon after. As before, Bettinson and all involved in the bout were arrested and charged at Bow Street Police Court with culpable manslaughter of the deceased. All defendants paid for bail pending trial.
The coroner's report found that Riley suffered a brain haemorrhage. The coroner's jury heard evidence from Bettinson, including the fact that both boxers were examined by an NSC physician on the day of the bout, and passed a verdict of accidental death. The rider of this verdict added that the jury believed Bettinson's NSC took every reasonable precaution. This case proved to be a more-protracted affair at the Bow Street Police Court, with six days of technical legal arguments ensuing between the defence and prosecution on whether this was "sparring" (the term for a "gloved fight" at the time) where an accidental death would be legal, or a prize fight, which would be illegal on both counts. The magistrate deferred the case to trial. The recorder of the Old Bailey put the case to the grand jury, arguing that again there was no case to answer, and the case was thrown out.
Death of Billy Smith.
On 22 April 1901 Jack Roberts of London defeated Billy Smith (real name Murray Livingstone) of the US after Livingstone went down and couldn't continue in the 8th round. Livingstone was taken to Charing Cross Hospital and died soon after. As per the usual procedure, Bettinson, Roberts and all overs involved in the bout were arrested and charged with culpable manslaughter. The ensuing coroner's hearing came back with the verdict of accidental death.
Bail was set at for each defendant. During the trial at the Old Bailey in May, the prosecution changed tactics from the previous court cases by laying blame of the death on the sport of boxing rather than the actions of the individuals. Bettinson faced tough questions from the prosecution who were aiming to discredit the rules by which bouts were fought at the NSC. The jurors could not agree a verdict, so a new trial was scheduled for June 1901.
The retrial concluded 28 June 1901. The defendants were acquitted of all charges, with the judge suggesting the fatal damage was caused by Livingstone falling on the ropes and not from a blow.
This case is significant in the sport's history. It was the last time the UK State attempted to outlaw the sport due to a fatality. Boxing was effectively legalised, though this wasn't the last legal challenge.
Driscoll v Moran.
Famous boxers Jim Driscoll and Owen Moran were to fight for the World Featherweight title in Birmingham on 16 December 1911. Before the bout took place, both boxers and the promoter of the event, Gerald Austin, were summoned to the Birmingham Court, accused of arranging and attempting to participate in a prize fight.
The prosecution's argument was that as the boxers were fighting for a very large purse (), the motivation was to win the match by any means, not to scientifically spar for points. The prosecution also cited the wording of the contract, which stated that the bout was to be fought under "straight Queensberry Rules" which had the word "battle" indicating that the opponents would use anger and brute force, not skill.
NSC committee members traveled to Birmingham to give testaments in defence of boxing. Lord Lonsdale stated that the bout would be fought under National Sporting Club rules, which had greatly expanded and enhanced protections of the original Queensbury rules.
Bettinson testified that if a man leading on points was knocked out, he may still win. On this occasion, the bout was outlawed and labelled a prize fight by the judge.
The Crown overturned the decision on appeal two years later, and the pair had their bout, at the NSC, ending in a draw.
This was not the last time Bettinson had to appear in court to represent the NSC and the sport of boxing.
New classes and belts.
Conception.
In 1909 Bettinson and his NSC committee were discussing the introduction of additional weight classes and championship belts to NSC sanctioned bouts, and by extension, British boxing. In an interview with "Sporting Life", 22 January 1909, Bettinson is quoted as saying "The question of uniformity of weight is most desirable" and that "I agree that the vast number of boxers makes it necessary that a couple of extra classes are added to the present six". He also went on to stress that boxers should be able to challenge at different weights if they had proven themselves.
On the championship belts, Bettinson said that it would be good for the sport if championship belts were made for each class, adding that there should be a time limit of around 3–6 months on how long a champion could hold the belt before accepting a legitimate challenge, and if the champion made a certain number of defences or held the belt for a certain number of years, he should be able to keep that belt, with the successor getting a newly made one. "[It] would [be a] good idea to launch these belts into the sport by way a tournament..." Bettinson pitched, "I should like to see it".
NSC weight classes.
On 11 February 1909 the NSC Committee, headed by Bettinson, voted to adopt eight classes with standardised weights for British boxing championships and thereafter began to reach agreement with other international bodies. 
The Lonsdale Belt.
The Challenge Belt was the name given to the NSC championship belts for each weight class. They were made by London jewellers Mappin and Web at their Birmingham workshop, and were sponsored by the Earl of Lonsdale.
Bettinson published details about the terms and conditions agreed by the NSC of holding the belt in "Sporting Life" on 22 December 1909. The main rules were:
The first recipient of this belt was Freddie Welsh, who defeated Johnny Summers for the NSC British Lightweight title on 8 November 1909.
Even though the NSC was still a private gentleman's club, Bettinson's committee now had the exclusive rights to sanction British title fights.
Record as referee.
Bettinson occasionally refereed boxing matches, his first recorded bout as referee was at the age of 28 at the Pelican Club, his last was aged 61 at the NSC.
Promoter.
Boxing.
Bettinson promoted and managed a number of boxers. The sport grew on interest from wealthy backers wagering on their favoured boxers. Bettinson would furnish the backers with professional advice as to the boxers' character and capabilities. Arrangements would be made by Bettinson and his club for training space, ensuring that the boxer was in prime condition for his fight against a suitably matched opponent. As the reputation of the NSC grew, so did the confidence of the backers and the size of the wagers.
One of Bettinson's notable charges was World Bantamweight Champion Tom "Pedlar" Palmer. In 1899 Bettinson took Palmer to New York to fight "Terrible" Terry McGovern. Bettinson was dismissive of McGovern before the fight, responding to the press: "With all due respect, McGovern is just a slugger...Palmer will hold on to his title for a fifth time and you can bank on it". Palmer lost his title by knockout to McGovern two minutes and thirty-two seconds into the bout.
Wrestling.
Under the authority of the NSC committee, Bettinson attempted to re-invigorate the sport of wrestling in England by setting up, directing, and promoting Catch As Catch Can Wrestling tournaments. The first tourney was held at the Alhambra Hall in 1908, as the NSC was not large enough to hold the spectacle, which was billed as "The World's Catch Can Championships" by "Sporting Life". Lord Lonsdale supplied championship cups for the winners at each weight, worth each. These tournaments lasted until 1910.
The Great War.
Bettinson's NSC Committee actively encouraged the British Armed Forces to participate in the sport of boxing, especially during World War I. The sport was seen as an excellent way of instilling discipline, aiding fitness levels and testing a man's mettle for war. It was also seen by the NSC as a further way to raise the profile and respectability of boxing.
Bettinson regularly hosted and promoted boxing tournaments between the different regiments of the British Army and against the Royal Navy. Inter-service boxing tournaments continue to this day.
Many of the era's top British boxers, most of whom were nurtured by Bettinson's NSC, enlisted either for active service or to act as physical training instructors for their adopted regiments. These boxers helped to raise morale and put on boxing exhibitions.
In 1916 the NSC Committee started to fund and donate ambulance cars to the British Red Cross and the Allies in order to aid the war effort.
Post war.
In June 1918 the creation of the British Boxing Board of Control was announced from the premises of the NSC. Its official aim was to encourage boxing in general, raise the standard of professional boxing and to act as a central board. The board was filled with 10 members of the NSC committee. Lionel Bettinson took Arthur Bettinson's place as manager of the NSC is 1925.
Personal life and death.
Bettinson married Florence Olivia Cecilia Mallet in 1890; they had two sons, Lionel (1893–1977) and Ralph Bettinson (1908–1974). Olivia died in 1919. Bettinson married Harriett Flint two months later.
Bettinson died at his home in Hampstead, 24 December 1926, from heart failure following pneumonia.
Legacy.
Bettinson's funeral was held at Highgate Cemetery on 29 December 1926. Among the attendees were Pedlar Palmer, Jimmy Wilde, Joe Beckett and Joe Bowker. Many wreaths were sent, one from Mr Val Baker, President of the Amateur Boxing Association, which read: "From an old admirer and disciple of the old champion".
Bettinson was inducted into the 'Pioneer' category of the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="56867366" url="?curid=56867366" title="List of 1980s Strawberry Shortcake specials">
List of 1980s Strawberry Shortcake specials


</doc>
<doc id="56867368" url="?curid=56867368" title="Pahatsoyagorts Noyemberyan">
Pahatsoyagorts Noyemberyan


</doc>
<doc id="56867370" url="?curid=56867370" title="Alejandro Marqués">
Alejandro Marqués

Alejandro José Marqués Méndez (born 4 August 2000) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club CD Mirandés, on loan from Italian club Juventus.
Born in Venezuela, Marqués moved to Spain at an early age and holds dual-citizenship. He represented Spain at youth level since 2019, and was part of the team that won the 2019 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
Club career.
Youth.
Born in Caracas, Marqués moved to Spain aged 13 and joined RCD Espanyol's youth setup in 2013. He subsequently moved to UFB Jàbac Terrassa in the following year, before joining FC Barcelona's "Juvenil" squad on 14 June 2017.
Barcelona B.
Marqués made his senior debut with the reserves on 17 March 2018, coming on as a second-half substitute for Marcus McGuane in a 1–1 away draw against Lorca FC for the Segunda División championship.
Juventus U23.
On 24 January 2020, Barcelona B sold Marqués to Juventus for €8.2 million, in exchange for Matheus Pereira on loan. He made his first appearance for Juventus U23 on 16 February, in a 2–1 Serie C away win over Monza. Marqués' first goal came on 13 July, in a 2–2 draw against Carrarese in the quarter-finals of the Serie C promotion play-offs.
Loan to Mirandés.
On 27 August 2021, Marqués returned to Spain after agreeing to a one-year loan deal with Mirandés in the second division.
International career.
While eligible to represent his native Venezuela, Marques was called-up to the Spain national under-19 team. He represented them at the 2019 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, scoring three goals in nine appearances, and helping his side win the title.
Honours.
Barcelona
Juventus U23
Spain U19

</doc>
<doc id="56867372" url="?curid=56867372" title="Turks and Caicos Islands at the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Turks and Caicos Islands at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

The Turks and Caicos Islands competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15, 2018.
Sport shooter Latoya Rigby was the island's flag bearer during the opening ceremony.
Competitors.
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games per sport/discipline.
Athletics.
The Turks and Caicos Islands participated with 5 athletes (5 men).
Shooting.
The Turks and Caicos Islands participated with 2 athletes (1 man and 1 woman).

</doc>
<doc id="56867374" url="?curid=56867374" title="Zurich (film)">
Zurich (film)

Zurich, original title Und morgen Mittag bin ich tot () is a 2013 German drama comedy directed by Frederik Steiner and written by Barbara te Kock starring Liv Lisa Fries. It tells the story of a young woman called Lea (played by Fries) suffering from a severe form of cystic fibrosis. Since the disease is already in an advanced stage, Lea decides to travel to Switzerland and request euthanasia there. She asks her family to visit her so they can be together one last time and tells them she wants to die on her 23rd birthday at 12 PM (hence the German title). The film shows how Lea and her family deal with the situation.
The movie was Steiner's first narrative film. Following its release at the Berlinale 2014, the film was only shown in a few cinemas in Berlin due to its emotional and difficult subject matter. It received wide critical acclaim, especially for Fries' performance and its realistic portrayal of cystic fibrosis and euthanasia. It was first shown in the United States at the Chicago Film Festival in 2014.
Plot.
Lea (Fries) has been suffering from cystic fibrosis since her childhood. She is 22 years old now and has to live in constant fear of suffocation despite using an oxygen concentrator. Although taking pills to diminish her symptoms, Lea can barely fulfill everyday tasks like climbing stairs without having to catch her breath after a short while. Her older brother who suffered from the same disease died several years ago after a lung transplant. Their father left the family because of his children's disease and now lives in South America.
Because of her situation, she wants to die on her 23rd birthday at noon. Since euthanasia is illegal in Germany, Lea approaches a Swiss organisation which offers assisted euthanasia. She travels to Zurich without telling her family. She moves into a hostel where she gets picked up by Michaela Orff, an employee of the organisation. She brings Lea to Dr. Seydlitz who prescribes her a controlled substance after being convinced of the young woman's very poor health.
Afterwards, Lea sends text messages to her family members. When they arrive, Lea tells them of her plans. Her grandmother Maria and her sister Rita are shocked, but accept her decision while her mother Lena strongly refuses to do so. After a conversation with Lea, Lena is still heartbroken but understands her daughter's motives. 
At the hostel, Lea meets Moritz, a man her age. He suffers from severe depressions and tried to end his life by slitting his wrists. He applied for euthanasia, too, but got rejected. Lea befriends him, and they go boating on the Lake Zurich. 
The day before Lea's planned death, the family visits a restaurant because Lea wants to eat "a last schnitzel". They spend a pleasant evening and clink their glasses at midnight to celebrate Lea's birthday. She quips about death several times, saying that she will "never be lovesick again, never climb stairs again, never fear suffocation again." When they return to the hostel and go to bed, Lea has a fit during which she coughs painfully and desperately gasps for air.
The next day, the family goes to the organisation after having breakfast. Miss Orff informs Lea that she can still cancel her plans, but Lea takes the antiemetic that will prevent her from vomiting. Suddenly, Lea gets a panic attack and rushes to a bathroom. When she sees her reflection in one of the mirrors, she remembers her stage and decides to finish what she started.
Her family and Michaela Orff accompany her to a nearby playground. She drinks the overdosed hypnotic and falls asleep in her mother's arms.

</doc>
<doc id="56867380" url="?curid=56867380" title="2018 Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council election">
2018 Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council election

The 2018 Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Ward results.
Asterisk denotes the sitting councillor.
Stalybridge South ward.
==
Changes between 2018 and 2019.
Ashton Waterloo by election 2018.
Cllr Catherine Piddington, last elected in 2016, died.

</doc>
<doc id="56867384" url="?curid=56867384" title="Pacific Coast Collaborative">
Pacific Coast Collaborative

The Pacific Coast Collaborative is an international governmental agency formed on June 30, 2008, including the governments of British Columbia, Washington, Oregon and California.
The Collaborative elected to study a high-speed rail corridor between metropolitan areas in the member states. California High-Speed Rail Authority has begun construction of their state's high-speed rail system, while the governments of Washington and British Columbia plan to conduct a high-speed rail study for the Pacific Northwest Corridor in 2018.
Other regional issues taken up by the group include environmental protection and the opioid crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="56867385" url="?curid=56867385" title="Zhytomyr National Agroecological University">
Zhytomyr National Agroecological University

Zhytomyr National Agroecological University is the only agrarian higher educational institution with an ecological profile in Ukraine and the only university with national status in Zhytomyr Oblast. The University provides specialists in the majority of national economic sectors in the Ukrainian Polesia (Zhytomyr, Rivne and Volyn oblasts). The university has some seven thousand students and is divided into eight faculties (agronomy, technology of animal production and processing, veterinary medicine, agricultural engineering and energetics, ecology and law, forestry, accounting and finance, economics and management) and 42 departments.
International profile.
Zhytomyr National Agroecological University became on July 6, 2017 the first among the national agricultural universities and the second highest educational institution in Ukraine to join the EUROSCI Network, a network of international academic players that brings together universities, research centers, departments, and expert groups, with a common interest in the study of the European Union and European integration from a scientific perspective.
An important direction of international activity is to provide students with the opportunity to study the latest agricultural technologies and the organization of business activities in the field of agricultural development in the agricultural economies of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Denmark, the Netherlands, Poland, the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56867407" url="?curid=56867407" title="Li Bu">
Li Bu


</doc>
<doc id="56867413" url="?curid=56867413" title="WTNB-CD">
WTNB-CD

WTNB-CD, virtual channel 27 (VHF digital channel 5), is a low-powered, Class A Heartland-affiliated television station licensed to Cleveland, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by PTP Holdings, LLC. WTNB-CD's transmitter is located on Sawyer Cemetery Road in unincorporated Mile Straight. On cable, the station is available on Charter Spectrum channel 5 and Comcast Xfinity channel 210.
History.
A construction permit for a low-power television station on UHF channel 27 in Cleveland was issued on December 8, 1994 under the call sign W27BQ to North Georgia Television. On October 27, 1997, the station filed for a license to cover, which was granted on November 17. The call letters were changed to WTNB-LP on July 1, 1998; on June 12, 2003, the call sign was modified to WTNB-CA, after having been granted class A status on September 10, 2001. Under North Georgia Television, WTNB was a sister station to WDNN-CA and WDGA-CA in Dalton, Georgia; by 2005, WTNB and WDNN programmed similar lineups featuring FamilyNet and local programming, though WTNB's local programming was separate from that on WDNN.
North Georgia Television sold WTNB-CA to PTP Holdings for $350,000 in 2009. After a period off the air, WTNB resumed broadcasting under the new ownership in January 2010 as a My Family TV affiliate. On April 13, 2015, the call sign was modified to WTNB-CD, after converting to digital television in October 2014. In the FCC's incentive auction, WTNB-CD sold its spectrum for $370,099 and elected to move to a low VHF channel; the station was assigned channel 5.
Programming.
In addition to Heartland network programming, original shows on the station include "Nancy's Neighborhood", "Man Up America" (hosted by Dr. J. Adam Lowe with panelists Rob Alderman, Jenna Curtis and Tiffany Mitchell), and "Hidden Treasures of the Ocoee Region".

</doc>
<doc id="56867416" url="?curid=56867416" title="Almast Yerevan">
Almast Yerevan


</doc>
<doc id="56867419" url="?curid=56867419" title="Moush Charentsavan">
Moush Charentsavan


</doc>
<doc id="56867420" url="?curid=56867420" title="Ghandhi">
Ghandhi


</doc>
<doc id="56867428" url="?curid=56867428" title="Stephanie Welsh">
Stephanie Welsh

Stephanie Welsh (born 27 June 1973) is an American photographer turned midwife. While in journalism, Welsh worked for the Daily Nation in Nairobi and The Palm Beach Post in the 1990s. During her photography career, Welsh became the youngest person to win a Pulitzer Prize when she won the 1996 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography for her photographs on a Kenyan circumcision. After leaving photography for nursing, Welsh worked as a midwife and academic. In the 2010s, Welsh was the secretary of the American College of Nurse Midwives from 2014 to 2015 before her promotion to vice president.
Early life and education.
Welsh was born on 27 June 1973 in Quantico, Virginia. She completed a Bachelor of Science at Syracuse University in December 1995 and a Master of Science at Yale University in 2002.
Career.
Welsh began her career as a newspaper intern in Syracuse before moving to Nairobi to work at the Daily Nation in 1994. She returned to the United States in 1996 to become a photographer for The Palm Beach Post and remained with the newspaper until 1999. After retiring from photography, Welsh became a midwife at an ob/gyn in Mansfield, Connecticut. During her nursing career, Welsh taught at multiple universities include the University of Connecticut and Georgetown University. Outside of teaching, she was a secretary for the Connecticut branch of the American College of Nurse Midwives from 2014 to 2015 before being promoted to vice president.
Awards and honors.
Welsh won the 1996 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography for her photographs of a female genital mutilation in Kenya. Age 22 at the time of her award, she is the youngest person to win a Pulitzer. Her Kenyan circumcision photos won second place during the 1996 World Press Photo contest in the People in the News category. Welsh's photographs were added to the compilations of photos held at the Newseum and St. Lawrence University.

</doc>
<doc id="56867434" url="?curid=56867434" title="GT-N7105">
GT-N7105


</doc>
<doc id="56867444" url="?curid=56867444" title="Raukawa FM">
Raukawa FM


</doc>
<doc id="56867451" url="?curid=56867451" title="SM-G900FD">
SM-G900FD


</doc>
<doc id="56867465" url="?curid=56867465" title="Yoshinori Shimizu (basketball)">
Yoshinori Shimizu (basketball)

 is a Japanese professional basketball executive and former player, currently serving as the general manager of the Osaka Evessa of the Japanese B.League. 

</doc>
<doc id="56867469" url="?curid=56867469" title="Cristian Bălașa">
Cristian Bălașa

Cristian Bălașa (born 27 December 1972) is a Romanian professional football manager and former football player. He is currently the sporting director of Liga II club Concordia Chiajna.
Club career.
Bălașa made his Liga I debut on 31 July 1996, for Chindia Târgoviște, in a 1–0 win against Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț. He also played for Argeș Pitești, Farul Constanța, FC Oradea and Concordia Chiajna before retiring in 2010.
In February 2018, Bălașa decided to play again for the team that he also managed, FC Aninoasa.
Managerial career.
In 2012, Bălașa started his coaching career, managing lower league clubs such as AS Doiceşti, Concordia II Chiajna and Aninoasa, and was also Gheorghe Hagi's assistant coach at Viitorul Constanța for two seasons. From 2015 to 2016 he was the sporting director of Chindia Târgoviște.
Personal life.
His son, Mihai Bălașa, is also a football player.

</doc>
<doc id="56867472" url="?curid=56867472" title="Grandma's Lye Soap">
Grandma's Lye Soap


</doc>
<doc id="56867475" url="?curid=56867475" title="Nelson Avila">
Nelson Avila

Nelson Avila (born Héctor Nelso Ávila; August 7, 1940) is an Argentine born dancer, choreographer, and instructor. He is widely recognized for his expertise and knowledge of all types of Argentine dance, including Argentine folk dances and Argentine tango. He was part of the original cast of "Tango Argentino", and together with his partner Nélida, was one of only three couples to perform solo in the original production. "Tango Argentino" is viewed by many as the catalyst that began the 1985 revival of Argentine tango in Europe, North America and then spread throughout the world. As an original member of the cast, Nelson Avila was an integral part of that "Tango Argentino" revival. He has always been noted for his quick feet and athletic ability on the dance stage. Nelson is a member of Academia Nacional del Tango de la República Argentina and is recognized as an authority of tango dance, history, music, musicians and its many styles and interpretations.
Early Years and Dance Partners.
Argentine Folk Dance.
Nelson was born in Chivilcoy, Argentina, a city 153 kilometers west of Buenos Aires. He began dancing Argentine folk dance at the age of nine. At eighteen, he began his professional career in Buenos Aires. Nelson is an accomplished expert in all varieties of Argentine folk dance. His quick feet and his acrobatic ability have allowed him to master any dance.
Nelson and Nélida.
In 1971, he met Nélida Rodriguez de Aure, who was trained in classical dance. They had been asked to demonstrate different types of Argentine dance on a television program. It was their first time dancing together, but they danced so well that they formed a partnership. They danced at all the major tango houses in Buenos Aires, including , where Nelson was a master choreographer, producer and star in many tango shows. The partnership lasted over 30 years, including their major role in "Tango Argentino."
Nelson and Madalyn.
Since 2004, Nelson has teamed with his wife, Madalyn Klein. An accomplished dancer trained in many forms of dance, Madalyn has performed with the National Dance Institute under the direction of Jacques d’Amboise, the Arcady Festival in Maine and at the Waldorf Astoria’s Gala Viennese Opera Ball. Nelson and Madalyn are very active teaching workshops around the world.
Broadway and Stage.
Original Cast: "Tango Argentino".
Orezzoli and Segovia.
In 1974, Hector Orezzoli and Claudio Segovia, two Argentine set designers, decided to put together a production about tango using the best dancers in all of Argentina. Claudio Segovia recounted that he wanted to reflect on the stage the reality of tango life in Buenos Aires, therefore he looked for an authentic mixture of the different types of musicians and dancers, of children, young people and mature people: "Elegí gente que según mi juicio era la más auténtica, la más verdadera, y creo que no me equivoqué." I chose people who, in my opinion, were the most authentic, the truest (tango artists), and I think I was not wrong.
Nelson and Nélida were dancing and directing the choreography at the famous Michelangelo tango show in San Telmo at the time. They had already been dancing together in the most prominent shows in Buenos Aires, had appeared together numerous times on television, and had performed internationally. They were noted for the speed of their dance and their acrobatic steps. They were among the first, who were asked to join the original cast, and were one of only three couples to dance a solo routine in the performance.
Paris 1983.
Unfortunately, the show found little support in Buenos Aires. They even had difficulty finding places to rehearse. Then in 1983, they got a break. Nelson, Nélida and the rest of the cast of "Tango Argentino" boarded an Argentine military transport headed to Paris. The Argentine Air Force cargo plane provided no services; they flew as cargo.
They had been afforded the opportunity to participate in the Festival d'Automne. The show was an immediate success. The first performance in Paris received so many loud standing ovations, that Nelson and Nélida stood at the front of the stage and wept after their solo performance, further exciting the crowd. 
The show made a second tour of Italy and Paris the next year.
Broadway 1985.
By 1985, "Tango Argentino" appeared on Broadway. Unfortunately, Nelson broke his arm before the first performance, and it was in a full cast. Nelson had the doctors break the cast in two and hinged it at the elbow so he could bend his arm a little, and he danced the show with a broken arm. Also appearing were Jorge Martin Orcaizaguirre [Virulazo] and Elvira Santa Maria, Juan Carlos Copes and Maria Nieves.
"Tango Argentino" received rave reviews from the New York critics. Celebrities took in the show, including Frank Sinatra, Madonna, Brooke Astor, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Helen Gurley Brown, Henry Kissinger and Claus von Bulow. Régine Zylberberg of Regine's invited the cast to dinner. Dance instructors in New York saw the demand for Argentine tango instruction triple overnight.
"Tango Argentino" became a world-wide hit, touring the United States, then Japan (1987). On tour, Nelson and Nélida danced their solo before the likes of Princess Diana, Jacqueline Kennedy, Ann Miller, Rita Moreno, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Rudolph Nureyev, Burt Reynolds, Kirk Douglas, Dustin Hoffman, Robert De Niro, Liza Minnelli, Katharine Hepburn, and Placido Domingo. 
"Tango Argentino" continued its world-wide tours until 2000, with Nelson and Nélida, appearing in all of them.
Forever Tango 2004.
"Tango Argentino" was followed by Luis Bravo's "Forever Tango" in 1997, which ran for 14 months and earned a Tony nomination for Best Choreography.&lt;ref name="/luis bravo forever tango"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; In 2004, Nelson appeared in Luis Bravo's "Forever Tango", dancing with Zita González in its production on Broadway, Chicago, Rome, Toronto, Philadelphia and Detroit. 
Films.
Tango Bar.
Nelson and Nélida appeared in the 1987 movie The Tango Bar. The movie starred Raul Julia as a Tango show owner, who returns to Buenos Aires to join his partners after the oppressive government of Argentina has dissolved.
Los Chicos Crecen.
In 1974, Nelson and Nélida performed in the Argentine movie "Los Chicos Crecen" (The boys grow up). This movie, directed by the prolific Enrique Carreras, is based on a 1941 theatrical comedy by Camilo Darthés and Carlos S. Damel. It premiered on May 13, 1976. In this comedy, a man passes a friend off as the father of three boys he had with his lover.
Choreographer and Instructor.
Nelson is a highly recognized tango instructor and has trained many professionals, actors and dancers including Robert Duvall Rita Moreno, Sharon Stone, Linda Cristal, the Russian dancer Vasilev, and Anthony Quinn. Nelson and Madalyn have taught and performed at numerous tango shows, festivals and workshops around the world, including the New York City Tango Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56867478" url="?curid=56867478" title="GT-I9003L">
GT-I9003L


</doc>
<doc id="56867479" url="?curid=56867479" title="A Sweet Old Fashioned Girl">
A Sweet Old Fashioned Girl

"A Sweet Old Fashioned Girl" is a song written by Bob Merrill. The song was produced by Dick Jacobs,
and performed by Teresa Brewer. It reached #3 in the UK and #7 in the U.S. in 1956. The song was ranked #46 on "Billboard" magazine's Top 50 singles of 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="56867484" url="?curid=56867484" title="Demon Lord (disambiguation)">
Demon Lord (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56867493" url="?curid=56867493" title="Gordon Wild">
Gordon Wild

Gordon Wild (born 16 October 1995) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for USL Championship side Indy Eleven.
College career.
Wild played one year of college soccer at University of South Carolina Upstate in 2015, before moving to the University of Maryland, where he played for two years.
Professional career.
Ahead of the 2018 MLS SuperDraft, Wild signed a Generation Adidas contract with MLS. On 17 January 2018, Wild was selected 37th overall in the SuperDraft by Atlanta United.
In February 2018, Wild was loaned to United Soccer League side Charleston Battery. He made his professional debut on 17 March 2018 as an 80th-minute substitute in a 1–0 loss to FC Cincinnati.
On 17 July 2019 Wild was waived by Atlanta. Wild was signed a week later by D.C. United. He made his first non-official appearance for D.C. United in a friendly against Olympique de Marseille on 24 July 2019.
Since Wild has signed with DC United he has appeared numerous times for D.C. United's USL affiliate Loudoun United. Wild debuted for Loudoun on 28 July 2019, in a 3–0 win against Louisville City FC. He scored three goals against the Swope Park Rangers on 25 September 2019, earning him a hat trick; the first hat trick in Loudoun United's history.
On 19 January 2020, Wild announced his departure from D.C. United via Instagram.
On 25 February 2020, Wild joined LA Galaxy. Wild made his first MLS appearance off the bench against the Portland Timbers in the MLS is Back tournament, registering an assist for a Javier Hernandez goal. He was released by LA Galaxy on 30 November 2020.
On 11 February 2021, Wild signed with USL Championship side Indy Eleven.

</doc>
<doc id="56867494" url="?curid=56867494" title="Skywhale (band)">
Skywhale (band)

Skywhale was a Progressive Rock band formed in Bristol UK in 1974 by musicians from Huddersfield. Skywhale members were Steve Robshaw on guitar, violin and synthesizer, Stan Thewlis on Flute and Tenor Sax, Howard Scarr also known as Gywo Zepix on keyboards, EMS VCS 3 and ARP Instruments synthesizers, the late Paul Todd on Soprano Sax, Flute and Penny Whistle, Dougall Airmole on Bass, Mick Avery on Drums and John Schofield on Percussion. Skywhale played at Glastonbury Festival in 1977. They recorded one L.P. of original compositions, "The World at Mind's End" in Bristol. The L.P. was re-released as a CD in 2006 on CD Baby.
Band History.
Steve Robshaw moved to Bristol from Huddersfield in 1974 and gradually gathered a collection of fellow musicians who wanted to experiment with instrumental rock music similar to what some of their peers were doing in the Canterbury Scene 100 miles away on the other side of England. The band consisted of Robshaw on guitar, Paul Todd on saxophone, Pete (Lazlo) Ridsdale on violin, Jon Beedell on piano and Roy Dodds on drums. The band practiced in the cellar of Beedell's parents' house at the end house in Windsor Terrace, Clifton, overlooking the Avon Gorge and underneath the Clifton Suspension Bridge. They were joined in 1975 by tenor sax and flute player Stan Thewlis, also from Huddersfield. In 1977 synthesizer and keyboard player Howard Scarr, also known as Gwyo Zepix left the band Zorch to join Skywhale and they played at Glastonbury. Dodds was replaced by Mick Avery on drums and the band procured recording time at Mushroom Studios Clifton where Avery acted as sound engineer. They also made a short 12 date tour of Holland. Sadly Soprano sax player Paul Todd was killed in a car accident shortly after the completion of their first and only L.P. The World At Mind's End.
Skywhale played at the Ashton Court Festival in 1978 and at South West venues until 1979 when they disbanded. Steve Robshaw went on to work with Peter Hammill as a composer on three of his albums, PH7, Skeletons Of Songs, and Typical, Howard Scarr joined Gong (band), reformed Zorch in 2000, and in 2008 was hired by composer Hans Zimmer, while Roy Dodds went on to play with The Korgis, Annie Whitehead, k.d. lang, Maddy Prior, Steve Tilston and Eddi Reader. Stan Thewlis played with the Bristol jazz group Spirit Level, then in the mid 1980s he changed his name to Stan Rivera, joining Colombian percussionist Roberto Pla in London to form El Sonido de Londres, one of the UK's first Salsa music bands, and then London Merengue music dance band Merengada.

</doc>
<doc id="56867496" url="?curid=56867496" title="'Til the End">
'Til the End


</doc>
<doc id="56867504" url="?curid=56867504" title="John Kelly (performance artist)">
John Kelly (performance artist)

John Kelly (born 1959) is an American performance artist, visual artist and writer. 
His work first gained notoriety in the 1980s East Village art scene, and in the last 40 years Kelly has received two Bessie Awards, two Obie Awards, two NEA American Masterpiece Awards, an American Choreographer Award, a Herb Alpert Award in the Arts (CalArts), a Visual AIDS Vanguard Award, and an Ethyl Eichelberger Award. His work has been presented at Lincoln Center and Brooklyn Academy of Music.
He is a MacDowell Colony fellow.
Career.
John Kelly began his performance career in New York's Lower East Side in the 1980s at clubs such as Limbo Lounge, Pyramid Club, and Club 57. Since then, his works have been performed at The Kitchen, La MaMa, PS 122, New York Live Arts, the Joyce Theater, Dance Theater Workshop, Danspace Project, Museum of Modern Art, Tate Modern, Whitney Museum of American Art, The Andy Warhol Museum, PS 1, Walker Art Center. Commissions include BAM’s Next Wave Festival, Lincoln Center, and MASS MoCA. ‘John Kelly, a Visual Autobiography', was published by 2wice Arts Foundation in association with Aperture.
Kelly is described as a countertenor singer, whose vocal range extends from a male alto (that he mostly sings in) to a much lower baritone.
According to Elisabeth Vincentelli (in The New York Times), "If the protean Mr. Kelly has had one recurring theme through the years, it is the shaping of the self through art. In his new show at La MaMa, “Time No Line,” the subject is himself — but then, hasn’t it always been, even when refracted through the creations of others?" 
Kelly's work is notable for a number of performances where he channeled Joni Mitchell. In several works, Kelly performed an entire concert piece as Mitchell. The two artists met in 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="56867523" url="?curid=56867523" title="Casa Ermelindo Salazar">
Casa Ermelindo Salazar


</doc>
<doc id="56867528" url="?curid=56867528" title="Janashrayi-Chhandovichiti">
Janashrayi-Chhandovichiti

Janashrayi-Chhandovichiti (IAST: Jānāśrayī Chandoviciti, also known as Janāśraya-chandas) is a 6th or 7th century Sanskrit-language work on prosody. The text was considered a lost work, until its fragments were discovered in the 20th century. 
Authorship.
The text is written in the form of "sutra" (actual content) with "vritti" (explanation or commentary). The opening stanza of the book praises a king named Janashraya (IAST: Janāśraya) as follows:
The text names Ganasvamin as its commentator. According to one theory, Janashraya authored the text, and Ganasvamin wrote a commentary on it. However, the commentator does not name Janashraya as the text's author, and makes no mention of the king's poetic or scholarly talents while praising him. Therefore, it is possible that the work was composed by another person and Janashraya was merely the writer's patron.
Date.
The text has been variously dated to 6th or 7th century, based on the possible dates for Janashraya, whose identity is not certain. The introductory verses in the text suggests that Janashraya was a king who had performed many ritual sacrifices. From the available epigraphic evidence, only a Vishnukundina king named Madhava-varman is known to have held the title "Janashraya", as attested by the Polamuru and Ipur copper-plate inscriptions. This king has been described as a performer of many sacrifices in the dynasty's grant inscriptions.
Scholar C. R. Swaminathan, who dated the Polamuru inscription to 593 and ascribed it to the Vishnukundina king Madhava-varman I, suggested that this king may be identified as Janashraya. "Janashrayi-Chhandovichiti" includes quotations from the Sanskrit poet Kumaradasa, and Swaminathan's interest in dating Janashraya was to determine Kumaradasa's date. Swaminathan identified Kumaradasa as the 6th century Simhala king Kumara-Dhatusena, and noted that it is unlikely that the writings of a Simhala king became popular in the Vishnukundina-ruled Andhra region in such a short time (by the reign of Mahdava-varman I). Therefore, he alternatively suggested that Janashraya may have been the later Vishnukundina king Madhava-varman II, the end of whose reign he assigns to c. 620. However, there is no evidence that Madhava-varman II bore the title "Janashraya". 
Scholars B. V. Krishna Rao, R. Subba Rao, V. S. Ramachandramurty, and E. V. Laksmana Rao believed that the Polanmuru inscription was issued by Madhava-varman III, whose reign they date between the years 546 and 610. Scholar Ratna Chanda dated the work to the 7th century, to the last years of this king's reign.
Telugu metres.
"Janashrayi-Chhandovichiti" is notable for dealing with the metres used in Telugu language, including some metres that are not found in Sanskrit prosody. This indicates that Telugu poetry existed during or around the 6th century.

</doc>
<doc id="56867532" url="?curid=56867532" title="Meera Teresa Gandhi">
Meera Teresa Gandhi


</doc>
<doc id="56867543" url="?curid=56867543" title="Samsung Galaxy Note4">
Samsung Galaxy Note4


</doc>
<doc id="56867545" url="?curid=56867545" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 2018–2022">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 2018–2022

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 2018 to 2022, as elected at the 2018 state election and subsequent by-elections.

</doc>
<doc id="56867555" url="?curid=56867555" title="Janasrayachandas">
Janasrayachandas


</doc>
<doc id="56867556" url="?curid=56867556" title="Janasrayi Chandoviciti">
Janasrayi Chandoviciti


</doc>
<doc id="56867561" url="?curid=56867561" title="Samsung Galaxy Note3">
Samsung Galaxy Note3


</doc>
<doc id="56867563" url="?curid=56867563" title="Samsung Galaxy Note2">
Samsung Galaxy Note2


</doc>
<doc id="56867570" url="?curid=56867570" title="Samsung Galaxy Note1">
Samsung Galaxy Note1


</doc>
<doc id="56867575" url="?curid=56867575" title="William Henry Harrison (Georgia)">
William Henry Harrison (Georgia)


</doc>
<doc id="56867576" url="?curid=56867576" title="Samsung Galaxy Note3 Neo">
Samsung Galaxy Note3 Neo


</doc>
<doc id="56867577" url="?curid=56867577" title="Unnunili Sandesam">
Unnunili Sandesam


</doc>
<doc id="56867580" url="?curid=56867580" title="Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Edge">
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Edge


</doc>
<doc id="56867581" url="?curid=56867581" title="Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 2018–2022">
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 2018–2022

This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council between 2018 and 2022. As half of the Legislative Council's terms expired at each state election, half of these members were elected at the 2014 state election with terms expiring in 2022, while the other half were elected at the 2018 state election with terms expiring in 2026.

</doc>
<doc id="56867583" url="?curid=56867583" title="2018 FIA Formula 1 World Championship">
2018 FIA Formula 1 World Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56867588" url="?curid=56867588" title="The Giving Back Foundation">
The Giving Back Foundation


</doc>
<doc id="56867589" url="?curid=56867589" title="State Soldiers Home Barn">
State Soldiers Home Barn

The State Soldiers Home Barn, at 2500 Minnekahta Ave. in Hot Springs, South Dakota, was built in 1929. Also known as the Michael J. Fitzmaurice South Dakota Veterans Home Barn, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
It is a Gothic-arch barn.
It was built at cost of $6,500 and was intended to help the Michael J. Fitzmaurice State Veterans Home, formerly known as the State Soldiers Home, be close to self-sufficient in food.

</doc>
<doc id="56867594" url="?curid=56867594" title="2017 FIA Formula 1 World Championship">
2017 FIA Formula 1 World Championship


</doc>
<doc id="56867598" url="?curid=56867598" title="Galaxy Note I">
Galaxy Note I


</doc>
<doc id="56867616" url="?curid=56867616" title="Galaxy Note 1">
Galaxy Note 1


</doc>
<doc id="56867629" url="?curid=56867629" title="HMNZS Aotearoa">
HMNZS Aotearoa

HMNZS "Aotearoa" (), formerly the Maritime Sustainment Capability project, is an auxiliary ship of the Royal New Zealand Navy. Builder Hyundai Heavy Industries delivered the ship to the Navy in June 2020, and she was commissioned into service on 29 July 2020. Full operational capability was expected to be achieved in 2021. It will serve as a replenishment oiler, and has replaced , the Navy’s last fleet oiler, which was decommissioned in December 2017.
"Aotearoa" is the largest ship the Royal New Zealand Navy has operated.
Name.
HMNZS "Aotearoa" bears the Māori name for New Zealand. Aotearoa is commonly translated "the land of the long white cloud". The ship has been assigned the pennant number A11.
Design and description.
"Aotearoa" is the world's first naval ship to adopt the Rolls-Royce Environship concept design, which includes a new wave-piercing hull for reduced resistance and fuel consumption. The ship is ice-strengthened and winterised to facilitate operations in Antarctica's extreme weather conditions.
"Aotearoa" is intended to support other navy warships by enabling re-fueling (diesel) and re-supplying (food and ammunition) during operations. The ship will provide marine diesel oil and aviation fuel. It stores food and ammunition in containers. "Aotearoa" has a Kelvin Hughes Integrated Naval Bridge System and is equipped with Farsounder-1000 sonar. For navigation radar sensors it uses SharpEye S and X-Band with an S-Band SharpEye sensor optimised for helicopter approach and control. It is armed with a Phalanx CIWS and two Mini Typhoon mounts and has a flight deck and hangar for helicopter operations.
Construction.
The contract was awarded to Hyundai Heavy Industries using a Rolls Royce Environship concept design, beating competition from Daewoo Shipbuilding &amp; Marine Engineering offering a variant of the BMT designed Royal Fleet Auxiliary tanker. The ship was laid down on 13 August 2018. It was launched in April 2019, began builder's sea trials in December of that year and was formally delivered in June 2020. It was originally intended to be delivered in January 2020, but its departure from the shipyard in South Korea was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Operational history.
"Aotearoa" conducted her first 'Replenishment At Sea' (RAS) trials on 3 March 2021 with and as part of her sea trials and bring the vessel up to operational standard off Australia’s east coast.
HMNZS Aotearoa and participate in an international defence exercise in South East Asia in 2021 and will also interact with the United Kingdom’s Carrier Strike Group (CSG) as it conducts engagement activities in the Indo-Pacific region.

</doc>
<doc id="56867646" url="?curid=56867646" title="Galaxy Note (original)">
Galaxy Note (original)


</doc>
<doc id="56867661" url="?curid=56867661" title="The Pool (2001 film)">
The Pool (2001 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56867678" url="?curid=56867678" title="Galaxy Note5">
Galaxy Note5


</doc>
<doc id="56867680" url="?curid=56867680" title="Galaxy Note4">
Galaxy Note4


</doc>
<doc id="56867683" url="?curid=56867683" title="Combat Flight Simulator 3">
Combat Flight Simulator 3


</doc>
<doc id="56867687" url="?curid=56867687" title="Galaxy Note3">
Galaxy Note3


</doc>
<doc id="56867710" url="?curid=56867710" title="Galaxy Note2">
Galaxy Note2


</doc>
<doc id="56867728" url="?curid=56867728" title="Galaxy Note1">
Galaxy Note1


</doc>
<doc id="56867750" url="?curid=56867750" title="Gothic-arch barn">
Gothic-arch barn

A Gothic-arched roof barn or Gothic-arch barn or Gothic barn or rainbow arch is a barn whose profile is in the ogival shape of a Gothic arch. These became economically feasible when arch members could be formed by a lamination process. The distinctive roofline features a center peak as in a gable roof, but with symmetrical curved rafters instead of straight ones. The roof could extend to the ground making the roof and walls a complete arch, or be built as an arched roof on top of traditionally framed walls.
History.
Timber-framed barns, in use for many hundreds of years, required large timbers as posts and beams, and rafters and timber roof trusses, which consumed interior space in the structure. Also, in the United States, as settlement moved westward into areas without large stands of hardwood trees, such material became very expensive.
The Gothic arch originated in Michigan in the late 19th-century; the first occurrence may have been in Isabella County in 1885. Arches were cut from boards nailed together. These early arches were not sufficiently sturdy, but did allow for structures free of heavy timbers. Advancing framing techniques for trusses made of dimensional lumber led to the gambrel roof, which was strong and free of heavy timbers. The Shawver truss—introduced in 1904 and invented by John L Shawver of Bellefontaine, Ohio—made of laminated straight boards, became a popular technique for framing gambrel roofs. This design required diagonal braces from within the roof to the floor preventing unobstructed use of the both the loft and the barn.
Improvements in construction methods in the early 1900s resulted in an improved Gothic-arch truss made of longer lengths of boards bent into the curved shape. The ability to create curved laminated rafters meant that the gambrel roof evolved into the more modern Gothic-arch barn. The arch allowed for a haymow in the barn spanning the entire width without any roof supports obstructing use.
The clear span within the loft was important to minimize operating labor costs in filling the loft with stover (feed stock) for animals by using compressed air to blow the fodder into the loft. Storing loose hay was common before compact bales became an easier way to handle, transport, and store hay. As barns were prominent structures, the attractive contour of the Gothic-arch was desirable and believed to contribute to the value of a farm.
"Idaho Farmer" magazine predicted in 1916 that the Gothic-arch barn "would become the most prevalent construction type built on successful dairy barns." The barns became popular in the Midwestern United States in the early 1900s, and even more so in the 1910s as advances in the lamination process allowed larger rafters to be fabricated.
Barns of all kinds were available by mail order from around 1905 to the 1940s. The Gothic-arch design was featured on both the front and back cover of "The Book of Barns - Honor-Bilt-Already Cut" catalog published by Sears Roebuck in 1918. It was the most popular roof design for barns sold by Sears. In 1915, Sears sold a Gothic-arch barn for $1,500. All materials were pre-cut and finished and shipped by railroad to the customer for local assembly.
The popularity of arch-roofed barns peaked in the 1930s when farms transitioned from animal powered machinery to gasoline-powered tractors and large amounts of hay storage space for fodder was no longer necessary, removing the need for large haylofts. Another factor was that the concurrent availability of hay balers condensed hay by a factor of eight so that the hay that was still required could be stored in much less space. By the 1960s, large round hay bales were covered and stored on the ground, so even dairy farmers that still relied on hay did not need indoor storage space.
Construction.
Rafters were first constructed by laminating together, by nailing, two or more pieces of 1x8 inch lumber with overlapping end joints and then cutting the desired radius. Before power tools were commonly available, this method was labor-intensive. It also wasted a considerable amount of lumber. The construction method gave way to bending rather than cutting the radius. Bent rafters were formed from 1x3 or 1x4 inch boards. Un-surfaced boards were preferred because rough-sawn boards created more friction when laminated. For barns up to wide, rafters were commonly made from four pieces of 1x3 (actually 3/4 inches thick) random length boards with end joints of at least two feet apart nailed together and also bolted every three feet. Larger barns required stronger rafters, such as five pieces of 1x4.
Later arched rafters were formed without nails or bolts; the multiple layers were glued together with a waterproof casein glue under pressure. Such assemblies approached the strength of solid timbers.
Manufactured glued laminated wooden arches were first seen in the United States in 1934, offered by Unit Structures Inc. of Peshtigo, Wisconsin. Other early manufacturers were Rilco Laminated Products of St. Paul, Minnesota, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser Lumber Company; and Super Structures, also in Minnesota. World War II shortages of steel increased interest in structural laminated timber.
Rilco produced Gothic-arches for farm buildings advertised as “factory-fabricated and engineered”, and were sold in lumber yards in standard sizes for wide barns. The arches were shipped in two pieces with pre-drilled holes and assembly hardware.
The Tomlinson Lumber Co sold pre-cut materials for a dairy barn with a Gothic-arched roof supported by three-ply rafters in 1958 throughout Minnesota.
The first published plans by an architect for a Gothic-arch barn appeared in 1916.
Although the technique was generally outdated at the time, a guide to making a Gothic-arch truss cut from straight 1x8 was published by the USDA Forest Products Lab in 1958.
Kootenai River valley.
A late 1930s government program in northern Idaho relocated destitute farmers that had originally homesteaded on marginally productive land. The Boundary Farms Project, run by the Farm Security Administration's Rural Resettlement Project built 37 farms in the Kootenai River valley. Each farm typically included of one or two Gothic-arch or Gambrel-roof barns. Today, these barns provide the most historic connection to the Depression-era project. One farm is now located within the Kootenai National Wildlife Refuge and its original Gothic-arch barn, eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places, is used in the headquarters complex as a classroom.
Wells Barn.
An 1889 patent by contractor John Talcott Wells of Garbutt, New York for his Wells Truss System described a hybrid structure with the gambrel-roof form on the outside but Gothic-arches on the inside creating a completely unobstructed interior. Over 200 such barns were built in 1886-1942 by Wells and his sons, mostly in Western New York. This design utilized a unique truss with the lower chord Gothic-arch-shaped. Two Wells barns are located on the NRHP-listed Isaac Cox Cobblestone Farmstead.

</doc>
<doc id="56867752" url="?curid=56867752" title="Kurt Oatway">
Kurt Oatway

Kurt Oatway (born 23 February 1984) is a sit-skier representing Canada at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. His disability is due to an injury in 2007. He won gold at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in men's sitting Super G at the Pyeongchang Olympics. He also won silver medals at the 2019 World Para Alpine Skiing Championships in both the Downhill and Super-G events.
He has an interest in geology. 

</doc>
<doc id="56867755" url="?curid=56867755" title="Galaxy Note3 Neo">
Galaxy Note3 Neo


</doc>
<doc id="56867761" url="?curid=56867761" title="Gothic arched barn">
Gothic arched barn


</doc>
<doc id="56867766" url="?curid=56867766" title="Gothic Arch Barn">
Gothic Arch Barn


</doc>
<doc id="56867767" url="?curid=56867767" title="Samsung Galaxy Note III Neo">
Samsung Galaxy Note III Neo


</doc>
<doc id="56867768" url="?curid=56867768" title="Monti Mohsen">
Monti Mohsen

Montther "Monti" Mohsen (born June 13, 2000) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a left-back for Forge FC.
Club career.
Early career.
Mohsen began playing organized soccer at age six for local club Ottawa St. Anthony SC. In 2017, he played for Ottawa Internationals SC.
In 2017, Mohsen represented Team Ontario at the 2017 Canada Summer Games and scored the winning goal in the final against Team Alberta.
Ottawa Fury.
In April 2017, Mohsen began training with the Ottawa Fury on a non-contract basis. In February 2018 he went on trial with Ottawa and subsequently signed his first professional contract with the club on March 16, 2018. He made his professional debut the next day, playing the first 45 minutes of a 4-1 loss to the Charlotte Independence. After only one appearance Mohsen would be released by the Fury in August 2018.
Sigma FC.
Upon his release from Ottawa, Mohsen joined Sigma FC of League1 Ontario. That season, he made six appearances for Sigma.
Forge FC.
Mohsen joined Canadian Premier League club Forge FC on March 2, 2019. He made his league debut on May 29, entering in the 87th minute of a 2–0 win over FC Edmonton. Mohsen scored his first goal for Forge on September 4 against Pacific FC.
International career.
In April 2017, Mohsen was called up to the Canadian U17 team for the 2017 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, but did not appear in the tournament.
Honours.
Club.
Forge FC

</doc>
<doc id="56867773" url="?curid=56867773" title="Galaxy Note III Neo">
Galaxy Note III Neo


</doc>
<doc id="56867775" url="?curid=56867775" title="Edojobs">
Edojobs

Edojobs is an initiative of the Edo State government in Nigeria under the administration of Governor Godwin Obaseki. The initiative is aimed at tackling the high rate of unemployment in Edo State through skills acquisition and empowerment programs, in collaboration with various private and public organizations in Edo State. The initiative was launched in 2016 as part of Obaseki's promise to create 200,000 new jobs for the region's youth.
Background.
Based on 2011 statistics, Edo State has an unemployment rate of 35.2%. The program aims to ensure that residents of the State get filled into the various job openings in the state. EdoJobs is run by the Skills Development Programme of the Edo State Governor it was headed by his Senior Special Adviser on skills development and Job Creation, Mrs. Ukinebo Dare until 2019 when the Agency was signed into law and Mrs. Ukinebo Dare was appointed as the Managing Director of the Agency. It is know officially known as Edo State Skills Development Agency but still popularly called Edojobs by citizens 
Programme.
Some of the skills acquisition and empowerment programs offered by Edojobs includes:
Partnerships.
The program partners with the following organizations:
IMPACT.
The National Bureau of Statistics in 2020 released a report that showed Edo State having the lowest unemployment rate in the South South of Nigeria. Also while there was a rise in unemployment in Nigeria, Edo State witnessed a drop in unemployment 

</doc>
<doc id="56867787" url="?curid=56867787" title="Galaxy Note V">
Galaxy Note V


</doc>
<doc id="56867792" url="?curid=56867792" title="Galaxy Note VII">
Galaxy Note VII


</doc>
<doc id="56867802" url="?curid=56867802" title="Galaxy Note VIII">
Galaxy Note VIII


</doc>
<doc id="56867821" url="?curid=56867821" title="Ama Joof">
Ama Joof


</doc>
<doc id="56867824" url="?curid=56867824" title="Galaxy Note FE">
Galaxy Note FE


</doc>
<doc id="56867825" url="?curid=56867825" title="Effects of pollution on taiga forests">
Effects of pollution on taiga forests


</doc>
<doc id="56867827" url="?curid=56867827" title="Effects of pollution on boreal forests">
Effects of pollution on boreal forests


</doc>
<doc id="56867828" url="?curid=56867828" title="Samsung Galaxy Note 7 FE">
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 FE


</doc>
<doc id="56867831" url="?curid=56867831" title="Samsung Galaxy Note7 FE">
Samsung Galaxy Note7 FE


</doc>
<doc id="56867832" url="?curid=56867832" title="Audantia cyboter">
Audantia cyboter


</doc>
<doc id="56867835" url="?curid=56867835" title="Galaxy Note7 FE">
Galaxy Note7 FE


</doc>
<doc id="56867837" url="?curid=56867837" title="Galaxy Note 7 FE">
Galaxy Note 7 FE


</doc>
<doc id="56867838" url="?curid=56867838" title="Ivan Brajović">
Ivan Brajović

Ivan Brajović (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Брајовић; born 9 March 1962) is a Montenegrin politician. He is a former President of the Parliament of Montenegro and former Minister of Transport and Maritime Affairs in the government of Montenegro. He is the founder and current president of the Social Democrats of Montenegro (SD) political party.
Biography.
Ivan Brajović, was born in 1962 in Titograd (present-day Podgorica), Montenegrin Capital City, at that time part of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro of SFR Yugoslavia. Having finished elementary and secondary school in Danilovgrad, Brajović graduated at the Faculty of Civil Engineering at the Veljko Vlahović University.
Political career.
Until the introduction of the multi-party system, Brajović was a delegate in the Danilovgrad Municipality, member of the Presidency of the League of Socialist Youth of Yugoslavia, Vice-President of the Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro. With the introduction of multi-party system in 1990 he was one of the founders of the Union of Reform Forces for Montenegro and the Social Democratic Party of Montenegro (SDP). He served as SDP Secretary of the Executive Board and Vice President of the Party.
He was a Minister of Interior Affairs in 5th cabinet of Milo Đukanović (2009-2010) and cabinet of Igor Lukšić (2010–2012), and later Minister of Transport and Maritime Affairs in 6th cabinet of Milo Đukanović (2012–2016).
In 2015 he became one of the founders of the Social Democrats of Montenegro (SD), when the faction of the Social Democrstic Party of Montenegro defected from the political party, and formed new political subject, after the split between pro-DPS faction lead by Brajović and party leader Ranko Krivokapić. After 2016 parliamentary election, he was elected President of the Parliament.
In the 2020 Montenegrin parliamentary election Brajović won 4.10 of the votes, granting the Social Democrats of Montenegro 3 seats in Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="56867839" url="?curid=56867839" title="Xiphosurus barbatus">
Xiphosurus barbatus


</doc>
<doc id="56867843" url="?curid=56867843" title="La sargento Matacho">
La sargento Matacho

La sargento Matacho is a 2017 Colombian drama film directed by William Gonzalez and starring Fabiana Medina, Damián Alcázar, Marlon Moreno and Juan Pablo Barragán. It is inspired by historical events such as "La Violencia".
The film was shown on October 11, 2017 at the 7º Almeria Western Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56867846" url="?curid=56867846" title="The Edge Breakfast with Dom, Meg &amp; Randell">
The Edge Breakfast with Dom, Meg &amp; Randell


</doc>
<doc id="56867847" url="?curid=56867847" title="Tyler Walker (skier)">
Tyler Walker (skier)

Tyler Walker (born April 10, 1986) is a sit-skier with lumbar sacral agenesis. He competed for the United States at the 2014 Winter Paralympics where a crash caused him to not finish. His competition for the United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics proved more successful and he won two silver medals.

</doc>
<doc id="56867848" url="?curid=56867848" title="Tunis G. Campbell Sr.">
Tunis G. Campbell Sr.


</doc>
<doc id="56867851" url="?curid=56867851" title="Nvidia Tegra Note 7">
Nvidia Tegra Note 7


</doc>
<doc id="56867852" url="?curid=56867852" title="1987 Italian Senate election in Lombardy">
1987 Italian Senate election in Lombardy

Lombardy elected its tenth delegation to the Italian Senate on June 14, 1987. This election was a part of national Italian general election of 1987 even if, according to the Italian Constitution, every senatorial challenge in each Region is a single and independent race.
The election was won by the centrist Christian Democracy, as it happened at national level. Seven Lombard provinces gave a majority or at least a plurality to the winning party, while the agricultural Province of Pavia and Province of Mantua preferred the Italian Communist Party.
Background.
Bettino Craxi's Italian Socialist Party reduced its gap with the Italian Communist Party after Enrico Berlinguer's death. Many minor parties obtained a seat: between them, for the first time, Umberto Bossi's Lega Lombarda (Lega Nord since 1991).
Electoral system.
The electoral system for the Senate was a strange hybrid which established a form of proportional representation into FPTP-like constituencies. A candidate needed a landslide victory of more than 65% of votes to obtain a direct mandate. All constituencies where this result was not reached entered into an at-large calculation based upon the D'Hondt method to distribute the seats between the parties, and candidates with the best percentages of suffrages inside their party list were elected.
Results.
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Party
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|votes (%)
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|seats
!rowspan="1" align="center" valign="top"|swing
!align="left" valign="top"|Christian Democracy
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Communist Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Socialist Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Social Movement
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Republican Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Federation of Green Lists
!align="left" valign="top"|Lega Lombarda
!align="left" valign="top"|Radical Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Democratic Socialist Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Italian Liberal Party
!align="left" valign="top"|Proletarian Democracy
!align="left" valign="top"|Others
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|5,360,788
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|48
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
Constituencies.
!align="left" valign="top"|N°
!align="center" valign="top"|Constituency
!align="center" valign="top"|Elected
!align="center" valign="top"|Party
!align="center" valign="top"|Votes %
!align="center" valign="top"|Others

</doc>
<doc id="56867853" url="?curid=56867853" title="Nvidia Note 7">
Nvidia Note 7


</doc>
<doc id="56867854" url="?curid=56867854" title="Helga the fair">
Helga the fair


</doc>
<doc id="56867859" url="?curid=56867859" title="Helga the Beautiful">
Helga the Beautiful


</doc>
<doc id="56867862" url="?curid=56867862" title="SM-J727U">
SM-J727U


</doc>
<doc id="56867865" url="?curid=56867865" title="HP Slate 7 Extreme">
HP Slate 7 Extreme


</doc>
<doc id="56867867" url="?curid=56867867" title="Decolonization of the Ottoman Empire">
Decolonization of the Ottoman Empire


</doc>
<doc id="56867869" url="?curid=56867869" title="Thai Airways Flight 311">
Thai Airways Flight 311


</doc>
<doc id="56867873" url="?curid=56867873" title="Nvidia Shield Android TV">
Nvidia Shield Android TV


</doc>
<doc id="56867879" url="?curid=56867879" title="Daniel Rosenfeld discography">
Daniel Rosenfeld discography


</doc>
<doc id="56867883" url="?curid=56867883" title="Daniel Rosenfeld">
Daniel Rosenfeld


</doc>
<doc id="56867885" url="?curid=56867885" title="Bosnian Muslim paramilitary">
Bosnian Muslim paramilitary


</doc>
<doc id="56867894" url="?curid=56867894" title="Kunjirap Pass">
Kunjirap Pass


</doc>
<doc id="56867895" url="?curid=56867895" title="Jesper Pedersen (alpine skier)">
Jesper Pedersen (alpine skier)

Jesper Saltvik Pedersen (born 23 August 1999) is a para-alpine skier who won gold for Norway at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Giant slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="56867899" url="?curid=56867899" title="Alice Forgy Kerr">
Alice Forgy Kerr

Alice Forgy Kerr (born August 30, 1954) is an American politician who has served in the Kentucky Senate from the 12th district since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56867900" url="?curid=56867900" title="Nvidia Tegra K1">
Nvidia Tegra K1


</doc>
<doc id="56867905" url="?curid=56867905" title="Lynx-class brig">
Lynx-class brig

Pierre-Jacques-Nicolas Rolland designed the "Lynx"-class of 16-gun brigs for the French Navy. Only two were built and the British Royal Navy captured both.

</doc>
<doc id="56867909" url="?curid=56867909" title="Zotye SR9">
Zotye SR9

The Zotye SR9 is a mid-size CUV produced by Zotye Auto for the Chinese market. The production car debuted in November 2016. Pricing of the SR9 ranges from 109.800 to 162.800 yuan. Just like the previously launched SR7, the SR9 is also a controversial vehicle in terms of styling, because it heavily resembles the Porsche Macan. The mid-size Zotye SR9 is the second product of the Zotye S-series crossovers following the compact SR7.
Zotye SR9 HEV.
The SR9 HEV is the plug-in hybrid electric vehicle version of the Zotye SR9. Debuted on the 2017 Chengdu Auto Show in August 2017, the hybrid combines the original 190hp 2.0 turbo with an electric motor with an electric-range of 80 kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="56867910" url="?curid=56867910" title="Nvidia Tegra X1">
Nvidia Tegra X1


</doc>
<doc id="56867911" url="?curid=56867911" title="Baldwin james">
Baldwin james


</doc>
<doc id="56867914" url="?curid=56867914" title="Nvidia Tegra X2">
Nvidia Tegra X2


</doc>
<doc id="56867917" url="?curid=56867917" title="Cirroctopus hochbergi">
Cirroctopus hochbergi

Cirroctopus hochbergi (common name: four-blotched umbrella octopus) is a cirrate octopus living between 800 and 1,070 meters deep off the coast of New Zealand. The species is known from 48 specimens. It is most similar to its sister taxon, "Cirroctopus mawsoni"; however, "C. mawsoni's" ventral pigmentation is lighter, and the two species have been found in very different areas ("C. mawsoni" is only known in waters near Antarctica).
This octopus lives near cold seeps and seamounts. It is theorized that it and all other cirrate octopuses live in the demersal zone.
Threats.
While "C. hochbergi" is not used by humans, it is often taken as bycatch. One of the greatest threats to the species is trawling, which damages its habitat. There are an estimated 250 to 1,000 mature individuals. "C. hochbergi's" population is currently decreasing, and it may be locally extinct in areas where it once was common.
Like other cirrates, it has a long lifespan and grows slowly, which could make it hard for the species to recover from declines in the population.

</doc>
<doc id="56867918" url="?curid=56867918" title="Nvidia Tegra 2">
Nvidia Tegra 2


</doc>
<doc id="56867924" url="?curid=56867924" title="Nvidia Tegra 6xx">
Nvidia Tegra 6xx


</doc>
<doc id="56867925" url="?curid=56867925" title="Edwin Belcher">
Edwin Belcher

Edwin Belcher (born 1845) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War, a Freedmen Bureau official in Monroe County, Georgia after the war, and then a state senator in the Georgia Legislature representing Wilkes County, Georgia during the Reconstruction Era.
Military service.
Edwin Belcher reportedly served in a white regiment and was twice taken prisoner during the Civil War. When his background was discovered he reportedly said he did his duty like any other soldier.
Political office.
Belcher was also appointed an assessor of revenue for Georgia's third district by U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant and was later appointed by Grant as postmaster in Macon, Georgia. After the 1868 election the legislature refused to seat African Americans. More than two dozen were turned away but Belcher and a few others were allowed to remain because they had light complexions and it could not be proved they were 1/8 or more "Negro". The others allowed to remain in their elected offices were Madison Davis of Clarke County, F. H. Fyall of Macon County and Thomas P. Beard of Richmond County.
Law career.
In 1872 he graduated from Howard University's law school (founded in 1869) and was admitted to the bar in Washington D.C. His brother Eugene R. Belcher was also part of one of the earliest Howard University Law School classes. 
In 1878, Belcher wrote a letter introducing himself to William Lloyd Garrison. In the letter he says he was "born the slave of my father".
Legacy.
Drew S. Days III, former Solicitor General of the United States, is a descendant of the Belcher family.

</doc>
<doc id="56867928" url="?curid=56867928" title="Nvidia Tegra 650">
Nvidia Tegra 650


</doc>
<doc id="56867929" url="?curid=56867929" title="Nvidia Tegra 600">
Nvidia Tegra 600


</doc>
<doc id="56867938" url="?curid=56867938" title="Nvidia Tegra APX 2600">
Nvidia Tegra APX 2600


</doc>
<doc id="56867943" url="?curid=56867943" title="Nvidia Tegra APX 2500">
Nvidia Tegra APX 2500


</doc>
<doc id="56867944" url="?curid=56867944" title="Phone Thit Sar Min">
Phone Thit Sar Min

Phone Thit Sar Min (; also spelled Bhone Thitsar Min or Phone Thitsar Min, born 6 November 1997) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Shan United and Myanmar U21 National Team.
Club career.
Early year.
Phone Thit Sar Min was a product of Myanmar Football Academy. In 2017, Shan United F.C. signed for Shan U-21 team. He became a main player and Captain of Shan United F.C. U-21 team. He showed his talent in Myanmar national under-21 football team.
Shan United.
In 2018, Shan United chose Phone Thit Sar Min for 2018 Myanmar National League squad list. March 2018, he played his first professional match against Ceres–Negros at Home.

</doc>
<doc id="56867946" url="?curid=56867946" title="In the Doghouse">
In the Doghouse

In the Doghouse or In the Dog House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56867948" url="?curid=56867948" title="Nvidia Tegra APX">
Nvidia Tegra APX


</doc>
<doc id="56867954" url="?curid=56867954" title="Phillip Wesch House">
Phillip Wesch House

The Phillip Wesch House, located at 2229 Minnekahta in Hot Springs, South Dakota is a historic house built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It is a two-story pink sandstone house, with a shingled Jerkin head roof. It is a work of stonemason Phillip Wesch. Stone blocks are 18 to 22 inches thick.

</doc>
<doc id="56867955" url="?curid=56867955" title="Gabriel Carrasco">
Gabriel Carrasco

Gabriel Darío Carrasco (born 7 March 1997) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for Argentine Primera División side Godoy Cruz on loan from Lanús.
Career.
Club.
Carrasco joined Lanús as a youth player, he played once for the club versus São Paulo at the 2016 U-20 Copa Libertadores in Paraguay. He was promoted into Lanús' first-team during the 2016–17 Argentine Primera División season, making his debut during a 3–0 defeat away to Racing Club. In January 2018, Carrasco scored his first senior goal in a home draw against Patronato. On 16 December 2019 it was confirmed, that Carrasco had joined Godoy Cruz on loan with an option to buy.
International.
Carrasco was selected by the Argentina U20s for Claudio Úbeda's pre-2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup training squad, but he wasn't picked for the final tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56867957" url="?curid=56867957" title="Tegra X2">
Tegra X2


</doc>
<doc id="56867959" url="?curid=56867959" title="Jerkin head">
Jerkin head


</doc>
<doc id="56867966" url="?curid=56867966" title="Now Only">
Now Only

Now Only is the ninth studio album by Mount Eerie, the solo project of American musician Phil Elverum. It was released on March 16, 2018, on Elverum's record label P.W. Elverum &amp; Sun. Like the preceding Mount Eerie album "A Crow Looked at Me", "Now Only" is a concept album in the aftermath of the death of Elverum's wife, the cartoonist and musician Geneviève Castrée; Elverum described it as the second part of that album. The album was entirely written and produced by Elverum, and recorded in the room in which Castrée died.
The album departs from "A Crow Looked at Me's" raw and intimate style of writing, intending, instead, to answer grander and more introspective questions about Elverum's life after Castrée's death. Lyrically, the album focuses on themes of the aftermath of death and the lingering ghostly presence of the deceased. It continues the use of direct lyricism and nearly spoken delivery, first seen in "A Crow Looked at Me. Now Only" is musically similar to "A Crow Looked at Me", although it the songs are longer and featuring some more diverse instrumentation.
To promote the album, he released the singles "Distortion" on January 17, 2018, and "Tintin in Tibet" on February 20, 2018, and undertook tours of North America and Europe. "A Crow Looked at Me" was an immediate and widespread critical success; critics discussed the perceived sense of sadness and hope found in the album. It appeared on multiple year-end lists. Elverum's subsequent album "Lost Wisdom Pt. 2" (2019) served as a continuation; furthering the themes of Castrée's illness and death.
Background and composition.
In 2015, four months after the birth of their first child, Phil Elverum's wife, Canadian cartoonist and musician Geneviève Castrée, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. She died at their home in Anacortes, Washington, on July 9, 2016. According to Elverum, "Now Only" is "part two" to "A Crow Looked at Me". After releasing "A Crow Looked at Me" in 2017, Elverum decided that he did not want to play any of his older songs because they seemed "irrelevant" and so continued to write in order to have enough material to go on tour. Elverum wrote the album on pieces of paper left over from Castrée, noting their sentimental quality. The writing process took place almost immediately after "A Crow Looked at Me." The album was recorded in Elverum's house in the room in which Castrée died.
Moving on from the raw catharsis of the previous album, Elverum approached the writing of Now Only from an introspective perspective, attempting to answer the question of how Castrée exists in his life post-death. Elverum described this as the "thesis of the record, the question I'm poking at"
The album cover is a picture of Elverum's refrigerator. It features a Walt Whitman quote: "Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes", photos of wildlife, Beat Happening and Castrée, postcards, portraits and friends' writing."" Elverum chose to use his refrigerator as the album cover upon realizing how the images displayed on it had subconsciously influenced the lyrics.""
Music and lyrics.
Overview.
The lyrics deal with a number of topics such as the life Elverum and Castrée lived, "the absurdity of the bigger picture" of Elverum's life and Elverum playing the songs in public. Like in "A Crow Looked at Me," time plays a significant role, with the range of events and dates being more extensive."" The lyrics takes on a more direct descriptive manner rather the than the poetic style of his music before Castrée's death. In comparison to "A Crow Looked at Me" the lyrics are "stranger, sometimes facetious".""
Elverum described the songs present on the album as "deeper and broader" than those on "A Crow Looked at Me". Elverum sings in a direct, sing-speaking, "stream-of-consciousness" manner. Despite every song dealing explicitly with Castrée, the central focus of the album is Elverum and his perspective on death. His perspective ranges from "ruminative, cosmic existentialism to carefully observed banality".
The songs are musically similar to those on "A Crow Looked at Me" but longer, averaging seven minutes each, compared to "A Crow Looked at Me’s" averaged less than four minutes. Elverum explained that the reason for this change was his interest in "having a more nuanced conversation." They have also been said to feature "richer instrumentation".
The songs also feature multiple movements and follow non-linear narratives. Just like "A Crow Looked at Me" the theme of the absurdity of performing initmate material in public while pretending otherwise is present as is the theme of contextualising death, particularly in the song "Two Paintings by Nikolai Alstrup". The theme of "shifts in memory and posterity" which Elverum called the theme of album is also present, such as in songs like "Distortion". The role of art within the grieving process is also a recurring motif.
Songs.
The title of the song "Tintin in Tibet" refers to "Tintin in Tibet", the twentieth volume of the comics series "The Adventures of Tintin" by Belgian cartoonist Hergé. A copy of "Tintin in Tibet" owned by Castrée previously appeared in the cover art of "A Crow Looked at Me." Thematically similar to "A Crow Looked at Me", the song details Elverum's memories of Castrée before her illness. It opens with a major chord. The song along with others on the album incorporates multiple tempo and instrument changes such as the transition from guitar chords to melodic riffs played on a classical guitar. The song also features cymbal crashes and snare rim hits.
The second track "Distortion", which has been described as an 11-minute epic, deals with the ideas of memory and mortality. Across its six verses, Elverum contemplates how one will be remembered and how Castrée lives on through his memories. It, like many of Elverum's past works, opens with heavy distorted guitars. Alongside that it features guitar arpeggios, distorted metal bass notes, vocal harmonies and piano trills. The instrumentation is evocative of his previous black metal work. The song references Jack Kerouac and his daughter with Elverum noting a resemblance between Castrée and Jan Kerouac. It also references Elverum's childhood memory of his great-grandfather's funeral in particular the impact of seeing his corpse and a pregnancy scare he experienced at age 23.""
The title track which has been described as the centerpiece of the album. It features a "playful" recitation of the phrase "People get cancer and die." It's notable in the context of the album and Elverum's discography as a whole due to it functioning as a hook which Elverum admits that he's "maybe never written" before. The phrase is intended to repersent the "absurdity of everything" with the clash between the "catchy and pretty" instrumention and the grim lyrics representing "the clash between the facts and experiencing beauty and devastation in the same moment." Elverum reflects on his time spent in hospitals, the absurdity of playing his "death songs" to audiences at a music festival outside of Phoenix, Arizona and the success of A Crow Looked at Me. The song uses the Arizonan deserts as a reflection of Elverum's "self-discovery and coping."
In the song "Earth" Elverum references "I Will Lay My Bones Down Below the Rocks and Roots" by the Cascadian black metal band "Wolves in the Throne Room"," The song details Elverum discovering pieces of Castrée's bones in the area where he spread her ashes. Elverum was careful with how he portrayed this moment framing it not as gory, gratuitous, or shocking, merely a reflection of the truth. It features a grunge style opening reminiscent of his 2008 EP "Black Wooden Ceiling Opening" and his 2009 album "Wind's Poem" along with power chords, open hi-hats, finger-picked acoustic guitar and keyboard accompaniment.
"Two Paintings by Nikolai Astrup" refers to Norwegian painter Nikolai Astrup and his paintings "Midsummer Eve Bonfire" (ca. 1915) and "Foxgloves" (ca. 1920). Elverum chose Astrup upon realizing that the phenomenon of "observing the transition from a living person into a memory" he is experincing with Castrée, once similarly happened to Astrup and to "every person who's ever been alive." The lyrics contain Elverum pondering the occurrence of his death such as flight over the Grand Canyon suddenly crashing. The opening lyrics "I Know No One" are a reference to the opening track on his 2005 album "". The melody is reused from his song "Who?" from his 2008 album "Lost Wisdom".
The final track "Crow, Pt. 2" is a continuation from "Crow", likewise the final track from "A Crow Looked at Me". The song is more energetic than "Crow" although it still retains the previously established dark tone and features finger-picked acoustic guitar. While still directed to Castrée, Elverum's daughter is the central focus of the song, mentioning her sense of grief. Throughout the song and the album as a whole Elverum lists a "series of symbolic incarnations" of Castrée, the areas and ideas in which he sees Castrée however he ultimately admits that he doesn't see her in anything, anymore.
Release and promotion.
On January 17, 2018 Elverum announced that he would release a new album and go on tour, performing select North American dates. Alongside the announcement Elverum released the first single "Distortion" to positive reviews, netting the "Best New Track" distinction from "Pitchfork" and being called the best song of the week by "Under the Radar". The second single, "Tintin in Tibet" was released on February 20, 2018, again to positive reviews, appearing on "Under the Radar's" list of the 12 best songs of the week"."
Reception.
"Now Only" received critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from music critics, the album has received an average score of 82, indicating "universal acclaim", based on 19 reviews. Sam Sodomsky of "Pitchfork" called it "part memoir and part magnum opus" and "his most harrowing and physical description of decay". Alexis Petridis of "The Guardian" said, "Elverum still sounds lost in fathomless pain, struggling to get on with his life while terrified of letting his wife's memory fade". Nick Hasted of "The Independent" wrote, "Its lyrics are a tidal, seemingly undifferentiated tumble". Robert Ham of "Paste" felt a personal connection to Elverum and his loss, relating it to the passing of Patton Oswalt's wife, writing, "Through the art that Elverum and Oswalt have made manifest in the wake of their wives dying, I feel like I know them with an uncomfortable intimacy. As much as I marvel at Annihilation or Now Only, I feel like I want them back on this planet, too." he also wrote, "Now Only is still as wrenching and direct as its predecessor, but concerns itself, at times, with the bitter truth that, sooner rather than later, he'll be gone, too".
Thomas Britt of "Popmatters" said that the album "will be of interest to Mount Eerie devotees but feels more downbeat and less necessary than its predecessor". Robert Christgau, writing for "Vice", said, "you have to admire the no-fuss complexities of his survival album—in particular his realization that it isn't just the artist's body that can't survive, it's the artist's body of work". Skye Butchard of "Loud and Quiet" intitaly gave the album a perfect ten but later noted that rating the album or calling it a masterpiece "[seemed] wrong".
Many writers noted that the album sounded more hopeful than "A Crow Looked at Me" and had more diverse instrumentation. Heather Phares of "AllMusic" said, "this album isn't quite as devastatingly sad as its predecessor, and on songs such as "Crow, Pt. 2," there's a lightness when he sings "you're a quiet echo on a loud wind" that wasn't there before" and "his use of sound is even more evocative". "The A.V. Club" said, "Where Crow occupied a numb, purgatorial present tense, the new record leaps around like a wandering mind, to vivid anecdotes from the singer-songwriter's past". Alex Hudson of "Exclaim!" speaking of the more diverse instrumentation said, "the result is an emotionally nuanced meditation on death that is both heartbreaking and hopeful".
Accolades.
"Now Only" appeared on numerous year-end top lists by several publications. Such as "AllMusic," "The Daily Emerald", "Digital Trends," "Earbuddy", "Exclaim!," KCPR"," "Loud and Quiet", "Noisey," NPR, "Pitchfork," "The Seattle Times," "The Skinny", "Slate", "Tiny Mix Tapes," and "Treblezine." Songs such as "Tintin in Tibet", "Distortion" and "Now Only" also appeared on year-end top lists by "Treblezine, Pitchfork," and the "Phoenix New Times," respectively. American singer-songwriter Kevin Morby included the album on his list of his favorite albums of 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56867978" url="?curid=56867978" title="Southern Phone">
Southern Phone

Southern Phone (also known as Southern Phone Company) is an Australian telecommunications company. It is located at Moruya, New South Wales. Southern Phone was established in 2002. It operated as an unlisted public company until December 2019. It was acquired by AGL Energy for from 35 district councils.
History.
In 2002, Southern Phone was formed by councils in New South Wales, Australia in order to extend affordable telecommunications into regional communities. The company received $4.77 million in initial funding from the Australian Government's Networking the Nation scheme. Local councils were shareholders, retaining profits in the community. Councils purchased two shares for $1 each. In 2017, Southern Phone had 35 shareholders including the Upper Lachlan Shire Council, Coffs Harbour City Council and Bellingen Shire Council.
Southern Phone has received various awards, such as the "Home Phone Provider of the Year", and the "Commitment to Customer Service" award.
Optus Satellite partnered with Southern Phone in October 2017 to launch the national broadband network (NBN) Sky Muster. Southern Phone uses the Optus 4G network, as well as parts of the Telstra 4G/3G network for its mobile services. By 2018, Southern Phone had delivered over $14.8 million in dividends to local councils with shares in the company.
Philanthropy.
In 2014, Southern Phone launched the Southern Phone Grants Scheme and committed $1 million to regional community support in Australia. $25,000 is donated each year to each of the local council shareholders to be shared with community groups in their local region, in addition to the dividends each shareholder receives. In 2017, Southern Phone launched its STEM scholarship program, a $2,000 scholarship available to finishing high school students who will go on to study a STEM related degree at university. Regarding the motive behind the scholarship, current Managing Director, David Joss said “By supporting the education of promising local students in the areas of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, we will help future proof regional Australia.” 

</doc>
<doc id="56867981" url="?curid=56867981" title="Tegra 650">
Tegra 650


</doc>
<doc id="56867982" url="?curid=56867982" title="Tegra 600">
Tegra 600


</doc>
<doc id="56867984" url="?curid=56867984" title="Tegra 6xx">
Tegra 6xx


</doc>
<doc id="56867994" url="?curid=56867994" title="Tegra APX">
Tegra APX


</doc>
<doc id="56867996" url="?curid=56867996" title="Alissa Johannsen Rubin">
Alissa Johannsen Rubin


</doc>
<doc id="56867997" url="?curid=56867997" title="Tegra APX 2500">
Tegra APX 2500


</doc>
<doc id="56867998" url="?curid=56867998" title="Vampire State Building">
Vampire State Building

Vampire State Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56867999" url="?curid=56867999" title="Tegra APX 2600">
Tegra APX 2600


</doc>
<doc id="56868000" url="?curid=56868000" title="Alissa Rubin">
Alissa Rubin


</doc>
<doc id="56868004" url="?curid=56868004" title="Choi Kwang-hyouk">
Choi Kwang-hyouk

Choi Kwang-hyouk (; born 15 March 1987) is a South Korean ice sledge hockey player. He was a member of South Korea's bronze medal winning team in para ice hockey at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Choi was born in North Korea, where his left leg was crushed in a train accident, and doctors amputated it below the knee. Choi then defected in 2001, fleeing through China with the help of his uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="56868010" url="?curid=56868010" title="Sex (Telex album)">
Sex (Telex album)


</doc>
<doc id="56868012" url="?curid=56868012" title="Tegra 4i">
Tegra 4i


</doc>
<doc id="56868015" url="?curid=56868015" title="Nvidia Tegra 4i">
Nvidia Tegra 4i


</doc>
<doc id="56868018" url="?curid=56868018" title="Tetyana Gamera">
Tetyana Gamera


</doc>
<doc id="56868020" url="?curid=56868020" title="Remutaka">
Remutaka


</doc>
<doc id="56868021" url="?curid=56868021" title="Medway, England">
Medway, England


</doc>
<doc id="56868023" url="?curid=56868023" title="Anna Omorova">
Anna Omorova


</doc>
<doc id="56868024" url="?curid=56868024" title="Medway, Kent">
Medway, Kent


</doc>
<doc id="56868029" url="?curid=56868029" title="Deborah Odeyemi">
Deborah Odeyemi


</doc>
<doc id="56868032" url="?curid=56868032" title="2018 Salford City Council election">
2018 Salford City Council election

The 2018 Salford City Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Salford City Council in England.
This result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council before the elections:
Ward results.
Asterisk denotes the sitting councillor.

</doc>
<doc id="56868047" url="?curid=56868047" title="Gravitational energy storage">
Gravitational energy storage


</doc>
<doc id="56868050" url="?curid=56868050" title="Jorge Guzman">
Jorge Guzman


</doc>
<doc id="56868064" url="?curid=56868064" title="Owen Beatty">
Owen Beatty


</doc>
<doc id="56868066" url="?curid=56868066" title="Tetraplatidae">
Tetraplatidae


</doc>
<doc id="56868081" url="?curid=56868081" title="Lowry Missile Site Number 1">
Lowry Missile Site Number 1


</doc>
<doc id="56868089" url="?curid=56868089" title="Carlos Abellán">
Carlos Abellán

Carlos Abellán Ossenbach (born 1 March 1983) is a former Spanish cyclist.
Career.
Abellán joined the development team of in 2004. In his second year with the team, he won the Clasica San Rokillo, a one-day race. In 2006, he turned professional with , a UCI ProTour team, spending only one season with the team. In 2007 he returned to the amateur ranks, and won the national amateur time trial championships. Abellán the ended his career.

</doc>
<doc id="56868104" url="?curid=56868104" title="Aaron Olson (cyclist)">
Aaron Olson (cyclist)


</doc>
<doc id="56868112" url="?curid=56868112" title="1973 Adur District Council election">
1973 Adur District Council election

The first elections to the newly created Adur District Council established by the Local Government Act 1972 in England and Wales were held 7 June 1973. Overall turnout was recorded at 46.6%.
The election resulted in no overall control.
Election result.
This resulted in the following composition of the council:

</doc>
<doc id="56868116" url="?curid=56868116" title="Timeline of Colorado history/navbar">
Timeline of Colorado history/navbar


</doc>
<doc id="56868123" url="?curid=56868123" title="Ministry of Justice (pre-modern)">
Ministry of Justice (pre-modern)


</doc>
<doc id="56868127" url="?curid=56868127" title="Ministry of Punishments">
Ministry of Punishments

Ministry of Punishments may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868129" url="?curid=56868129" title="Treaty of Schönbrunn (1805)">
Treaty of Schönbrunn (1805)

The Treaty of Schönbrunn (or Convention of Schönbrunn) was a treaty of friendship signed between France and Prussia at Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna on 15 December 1805, during the Napoleonic Wars. The terms were negotiated by Géraud Duroc, who signed for France, and Christian Graf von Haugwitz, who signed for Prussia. The convention was superseded by the Treaty of Paris of 15 February 1806, which incorporated its main terms.
On 3 November, Prussia had signed the Treaty of Potsdam with Russia, thereby committing to join the Third Coalition against France if Napoleon Bonaparte rejected peace terms. French forces had already violated Prussian territory by marching across the Margraviate of Ansbach in September. In response, Prussia had occupied the Electorate of Hanover, which, although it belonged King George III of Great Britain, had been occupied by the French and only vacated by them during the course of the war. Napoleon's victory at the battle of Austerlitz on 2 December destroyed the Third Coalition, rendering the Treaty of Potsdam moot. Haugwitz went to Vienna, where Napoleon was staying, to negotiate a treaty of friendship with France.
By the terms of the convention, Prussia was permitted to annex Hanover, but had to cede Ansbach, the Duchy of Cleves and the Principality of Neuchâtel. Ansbach went to Bavaria, which was forced to give up the Duchy of Berg to France. Berg was then joined with Cleves to form the Grand Duchy of Berg and Cleves for General Joachim Murat. Neuchâtel was given by Napoleon to Marshal Louis-Alexandre Berthier. Prussia also agreed to accept the terms of the Treaty of Pressburg between France and the Holy Roman Empire, which had not yet been finalized. It was only signed on 26 December.
The Convention of Schönbrunn did not contain the customary clause affirming previous treaties. Contemporaries saw it, together with Austerlitz and Pressburg, as an epochal event, marking the end of an era, since Napoleon had demonstrated no interest in maintaining the Holy Roman Empire in anything like its old form.
The annexation of Hanover incensed Britain and Charles James Fox lambasted Prussia's behaviour as "a compound of everything that is contemptible in servility with everything that is odious in rapacity." The annexation ultimately led to war with Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="56868132" url="?curid=56868132" title="Convention of Schönbrunn">
Convention of Schönbrunn


</doc>
<doc id="56868135" url="?curid=56868135" title="Kelly Award">
Kelly Award

The Kelly Award could refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="56868138" url="?curid=56868138" title="Kelly Awards">
Kelly Awards


</doc>
<doc id="56868142" url="?curid=56868142" title="WEKI">
WEKI


</doc>
<doc id="56868148" url="?curid=56868148" title="XQc">
XQc

Félix Lengyel (, born November 12, 1995), better known by his online alias xQc or xQcOW, is a Canadian Twitch streamer, internet personality, and former professional "Overwatch" player. Lengyel played for the Dallas Fuel in the Overwatch League for part of the inaugural season before being released due to repeated controversy and suspensions. Lengyel has also played in the Overwatch World Cup for Team Canada in 2017, 2018 and 2019. He now streams full-time on Twitch as a variety streamer for the Canadian esports organization Luminosity Gaming.
Early life.
Lengyel was born on November 12, 1995, reportedly in Laval, Quebec, Canada.
After completing his secondary school, Lengyel went on to study humanities at a CEGEP before switching to administration. He ended up dropping out after 3.5 years, just before graduating, and started streaming games on Twitch. Lengyel first started off playing "League of Legends" on Twitch under the name xQcLoL but later discovered the game "Overwatch" and started playing it competitively.
Career.
"Overwatch".
DatZit Gaming.
Lengyel began his career as an "Overwatch" player as the main tank at DatZit Gaming, a semi-professional esport organization based in Montreal, Canada. On August 13, 2016, Lengyel and his team won the Dreamhack Montreal 2016 Overwatch tournament.
Denial eSports.
Lengyel continued his career as a main tank player on the "Overwatch" team "Q?" which was later picked up by Denial eSports on October 12, 2016.
Lengyel also claimed that Denial owed $2,900 to its players after reportedly not paying them.
Arc 6.
After Denial eSports disbanded, Lengyel and the other members of the team played together under the name "YIKES!" which was later changed to "Arc 6" after being asked by Blizzard since the logo could not be used and the name was deemed unmarketable. After qualifying, they played in Season Zero of Overwatch Contenders but were ultimately eliminated in the group stage. On July 9, 2017, Arc 6 participated in their last tournament, the Beat Invitational: Season 2 tournament, beating FNRGFE but losing to Rogue to take third place. Eventually, Arc 6 went their separate ways to focus on tryouts for Season 1 of the Overwatch League. No official statements were released by Arc 6 or Lengyel regarding his departure from the team until it was announced that he would be part of the Dallas Fuel in October.
Dallas Fuel.
On October 28, 2017, Overwatch League franchise Dallas Fuel announced Lengyel would be joining their roster as their 9th player. Lengyel played with the team for several matches before coming under fire due to homophobic remarks made on his Twitch stream directed against rival player Austin "Muma" Wilmot of the Houston Outlaws. Lengyel was suspended by the League for four matches and fined $2,000 for violating the Overwatch League Code of Conduct. The Dallas Fuel later extended the suspension to include the entirety of Stage 1. Lengyel made his return at the beginning of Stage 2, leading his team to victory against the Los Angeles Gladiators, and was chosen as Omen by HP's Player Of The Match. Shortly after his return to the Dallas Fuel lineup, Lengyel received a second suspension and fine for multiple social media violations and use of disparaging language towards the Overwatch League casters.
GOATS.
Lengyel then said he was going to take a break from professional play, retiring to become a full-time streamer. He continued full-time streaming for several months, before making the decision to return to pro play, playing with the Contenders Trials NA team GOATS.
Gladiators Legion.
On February 2, 2019, it was announced that Lengyel joined Gladiators Legion, the academy team of the Los Angeles Gladiators competing in Overwatch Contenders, as a substitute main tank. In late 2019, the team announced that they would discontinue competing in Contenders.
International career.
Lengyel also played for Team Canada in their 2017 Overwatch World Cup campaign. They qualified for the World Cup after beating the Netherlands by a score of 3-0. The team made it all the way to the finals of the tournament before being defeated by defending champions, South Korea. Lengyel was named the event's most valuable player.
In the 2018 Overwatch World Cup, Lengyel played as a main tank on the starting roster for Team Canada. Several months prior to the world cup, the head coach of Team Canada, Justin "Jayne" Conroy announced on his Twitch stream that Lengyel, along with players Lucas "NotE" Meissner, Brady "Agilities" Girardi, Lane "Surefour" Roberts and Liam "Mangachu" Campbell, would be welcome to join the Canadian national team without going through the regular trialing process. He played in the Los Angeles Group Stage, finishing second place to move on to the quarterfinals at BlizzCon.
In July 2019, Team Canada announced that Lengyel would return as the starting main tank for the team at the 2019 Overwatch World Cup. The team did not manage to pass the Group Stage after losing all four of its matches.
Streaming.
Twitch.
In the wake of the suspension of the Legion's 2020 Contenders season, Lengyel chose to continue streaming full-time on Twitch. He streams for an average of 9 hours every day and has a viewer count that regularly exceeds 60,000. In October 2019, Lengyel was the most watched Twitch streamer and ranked as the 29th most followed. In addition, he is one of the most subscribed to Twitch channels, having over 35,000 monthly subscribers on average. While he still plays Overwatch, his streams are currently more focused on variety. He often browses new releases on Steam and plays games based on suggestions from his viewers. Lengyel also does IRL ("In Real Life") streams for events like TwitchCon, BlizzCon, and he has also done PO Box Openings, Media Share Streams, Viewer PC Set-Up Reviews and has even opened "Pokémon" booster boxes on stream.
On February 2, 2019, Los Angeles-based esports organization Sentinels signed Lengyel to their Twitch content creator roster as a variety streamer. The signing announcement also shared that Lengyel would be joining Overwatch esports team Los Angeles Gladiators as a substitute player. On August 27, 2020, Lengyel was released from his Sentinels contract and later signed to Luminosity Gaming.
In March 2020, Lengyel was invited by Riot Games to take part in the "Valorant" closed beta where viewers could obtain a beta access key by watching his stream. Between April 7 and 15, he streamed more than 112 hours of "Valorant", which included 3 streams that lasted for more than 20 hours. He also reached his current all time peak in viewers (222,720) and total unique viewers in one stream (1,971,819) on April 9, 2020.
Towards the end of March 2020, Lengyel started playing chess on stream. On April 2, fellow streamer and Grandmaster Hikaru Nakamura came on his stream to teach him how to play chess. In the following months, Lengyel would include chess games in most of his streams where he attempted to improve his Chess.com rating. On May 25, Chess.com announced the first of the PogChamps events, where 16 streamers would compete in a chess tournament for a prize fund of $50,000. Lengyel ended up in the consolation bracket after losing every game in the Group Stage, but won against fellow streamer Fuslie in the quarterfinals. He was defeated in the semifinals by Ludwig Ahgren. Lengyel's collaboration with Nakamura and the subsequent PogChamps events are widely believed to have inspired a surge in popularity of chess on Twitch and other media platforms, such as YouTube.
On October 1, 2020, Lengyel announced on his stream that he had signed to Luminosity Gaming as a content creator.
Name.
Lengyel's online alias comes from the last letter of his first name, Félix, and the abbreviation of his home province, Quebec (QC).
YouTube.
Lengyel also has a YouTube channel that he created back on March 8, 2015, where he uploads on a daily basis, his stream highlights, reactions, and full playthroughs of games he plays on stream.
Controversies.
Player account suspensions.
Prior to major incidents in the Overwatch League, there were known cases of controversial acts. His account was suspended twice for violating Blizzard's Terms of Use. The first incident occurred on November 17, 2017, where Lengyel was booted mid-match from a competitive Overwatch game with a suspension message. He was suspended for 72 hours for "misuse of the reporting system". Lengyel had used the in-game reporting system for reporting players for supposedly invalid reasons. He had reported a player for refusing to switch off of a hero, even after repeatedly dying.
While streaming in December 2017, Lengyel threw a competitive game. Blizzard responded with a seven-day suspension, and Lengyel posted a video to publicly apologize for his behavior.
On August 11, 2018, Lengyel's account was suspended once again for violating the Abusive Chat policy. He had apparently been reported by teammates several times for this offense. Overwatch World Cup issued an official warning for the suspension, but he was allowed to play.
Just a few weeks after his Overwatch account was suspended he received a permanent ban from "League of Legends" for being "extremely inflammatory and offensive" in the in-game chat. He was among the 0.006 percent of "League of Legends" players negative enough to receive a permanent ban.
Overwatch League suspensions.
Over the course of his time with the Dallas Fuel, Lengyel was suspended twice. His first suspension came after Dallas Fuel's loss to the Houston Outlaws in Stage 1. Lengyel made homophobic remarks towards gay Houston Outlaws player Austin "Muma" Wilmot. The Overwatch League then fined Lengyel $2,000 and suspended him for 4 matches. Dallas Fuel later extended that suspension to the remainder of Stage 1. Lengyel later apologized for the comment, writing "I didn't say what I said on stream with malicious intent, I legit did not compute the whole thing before ... Hope I can turn this into something good, sorry."
Lengyel was fined and suspended for using the Twitch emoticon "TriHard" in a "racially disparaging manner", and using disparaging language against Overwatch League casters and fellow players on social media and his personal stream. This time, Lengyel received a $4,000 fine and was suspended for four matches. On March 11, 2018, Dallas Fuel announced that the team and Lengyel had mutually parted ways. In an interview, Lengyel said that although he likes to play at a professional level, he also enjoys creating content on Twitch. If he receives an offer to play in a professional team again, he said he would have to think about it for a while before making a decision.
Twitch bans.
On July 31, 2019, xQc was banned for 3 days for streaming a satirically explicit video where pornographic scenes were edited as to appear "Safe for Work".
On February 29, 2020, xQc was banned for 3 days for showing nudity in an adult-themed game based on Connect Four. The NPC took her clothes off after xQc won a game of Connect Four versus her.
On June 12, 2020, xQc was banned for 24 hours for watching "explicit content" of a video of two gorillas performing intercourse.
On November 18, 2020, xQc was banned for 7 days after stream sniping in a "Fall Guys" Twitch Rivals event. He also received a 6-month ban from Twitch Rivals and was forced to forfeit his prize winnings from the event.

</doc>
<doc id="56868151" url="?curid=56868151" title="Parachalcerinys">
Parachalcerinys

Parachalcerinys is a genus of wasp. , three species are recognized, which are all found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="56868156" url="?curid=56868156" title="Ancient Egyptian phonology">
Ancient Egyptian phonology


</doc>
<doc id="56868161" url="?curid=56868161" title="Passer erthrophrys">
Passer erthrophrys


</doc>
<doc id="56868162" url="?curid=56868162" title="Red language">
Red language


</doc>
<doc id="56868191" url="?curid=56868191" title="Black language">
Black language


</doc>
<doc id="56868207" url="?curid=56868207" title="Cornellius Carradine">
Cornellius Carradine


</doc>
<doc id="56868209" url="?curid=56868209" title="The Grudge (2020 film)">
The Grudge (2020 film)

The Grudge is a 2020 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Nicolas Pesce, and produced by Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert, and Takashige Ichise. At first announced as a reboot of the 2004 American remake and the original 2002 Japanese horror film "", the film ended up taking place before and during the events of the 2004 film and its two direct sequels, and is the fourth installment in the American "The Grudge" film series. The film stars Andrea Riseborough, Demián Bichir, John Cho, Betty Gilpin, Lin Shaye, and Jacki Weaver, and follows a police officer who investigates several murders that are seemingly connected to a single house.
A sequel was announced in 2011, with a release date of 2013 or 2014. In March 2014, it was officially announced that a reboot was in the works, with Jeff Buhler set to write the script. In July 2017, filmmaker Nicolas Pesce was hired for rewrites, based on Buhler's script, and to direct the film. Principal photography on the film began on May 7, 2018, in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and finished on June 23, 2018.
"The Grudge" was released in the United States on January 3, 2020, by Sony Pictures Releasing. The film had grossed over $49 million worldwide and received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics, who criticized the lack of scares and the boring and derivative nature of the story.
Plot.
2004.
In 2004, live-in nurse Fiona Landers leaves a house in Tokyo, disturbed by events she has witnessed inside. Fiona informs her co-worker (presumed to be Yoko) that she is returning to America before encountering the ghost of Kayako Saeki. Fiona arrives at her home on 44 Reyburn Drive in a small town in Pennsylvania, reuniting with her husband Sam and young daughter Melinda. Kayako's curse, however, possesses Fiona, causing her to bludgeon Sam to death and drown Melinda before committing suicide by stabbing herself in the throat.
Detectives Goodman and Wilson investigate the Landers murders. Unsettled by the house, Goodman refuses to enter it while Wilson enters to scope out the scene. Upon exiting, Wilson slowly starts to lose his sanity and eventually becomes hysterical when he spots Fiona's ghost outside Goodman's car; after which he attempts to commit suicide by shooting himself, but is unsuccessful. This leaves Wilson with a disfigured face and committed to a psychiatric asylum while Goodman stops looking into the case.
Shortly after the Landers are murdered, but before anyone discovers their deaths, real estate agents Peter and Nina Spencer learn that their unborn child will most likely be born with a rare genetic disorder ALD, distressing the pair. Peter goes to look into selling 44 Reyburn Drive and stumbles across Melinda's ghost, presuming her to be a lost girl, who is bleeding profusely from her nose.
While on the phone with Peter, Nina agrees that they should keep their child. Peter is attacked by Fiona and Melinda's ghosts before fleeing the house and is quickly corrupted by the curse. The possessed Peter returns to his home, where he kills Nina and their unborn child before he drowns himself (or possibly killed by Fiona's ghost) in the bathtub.
2005.
In 2005, elderly couple Faith and William Matheson move into the house. Faith suffers from dementia and a terminal illness. After moving in, Faith is infected by the curse and starts to see Melinda around the house. Her sanity rapidly declines, causing William to call over Lorna Moody, an assisted suicide consultant.
Disturbed, Lorna suggests to William that they leave the house but William reveals that he is aware of the ghosts and suggests that it implies a future where people get to be with their loved ones after death. Lorna later discovers that Faith has killed William and has sliced off her own fingers. Lorna flees in horror only to be attacked by Sam's ghost in her car which crashes, killing her.
2006.
In 2006, rookie detective Muldoon moves to town with her son Burke following her husband's death from cancer. Muldoon along with Goodman, her new partner, are called to the woods where Lorna's corpse has been discovered. Goodman becomes uncomfortable when they learn that Lorna had been visiting 44 Reyburn Drive. Noticing this, Muldoon questions him, and he reveals his suspicion that the house is cursed, and states he wants nothing to do with it.
Muldoon goes to the house, discovering a disoriented Faith and William's corpse. Faith is taken to a hospital, where she sees Melinda and throws herself off a staircase landing, committing suicide. As Muldoon continues her research into the case, she is haunted by the ghosts of the Landers. She visits Wilson in the asylum, who tells her that all people who enter the house will become victims of the curse. Wilson then gouges out his eyes so he can stop seeing the ghosts. Fearful that the curse may make her hurt her son, Muldoon confides in Goodman and learns that the curse began with a family in Japan; Fiona is the one who brought it abroad. After she is attacked by the Landers' ghosts again, Muldoon goes to the house and douses it in gasoline as she sees visions of how Fiona murdered her family. She is tricked into seeing Burke, however she realizes it isn't really him after he fails to repeat a phrase the two of them use regularly. The house burns to the ground as Muldoon embraces her real son outside.
Sometime later, Muldoon hugs Burke before he leaves for school, only to see another Burke leave the house. The "Burke" she is hugging is revealed to be Melinda. Muldoon is dragged away by Fiona's ghost, becoming the next victim of the curse.
After Muldoon burns the house to the ground, she sees Burke watching her. Sometime later, the pair is driving on a road toward a new home. As they pull into the driveway of their home and enter, the credits begin rolling.
Cast.
The characters of Toshio Saeki and Yoko from previous "The Grudge" films additionally briefly appear in the film's opening, respectively portrayed by an uncredited hand model and voice actress. Takako Fuji, who previously played Kayako Saeki in the franchise, voiced Faith Matheson in the Japanese dub of the film.
Production.
Development.
A fourth installment of the American "The Grudge" film series was first announced in August 2011, to be developed by Ghost House Pictures and Mandate Pictures. It was also announced that the film was set to be a reboot, though it was not confirmed whether the film would be a theatrical release or direct-to-video like "The Grudge 3". In November 2011, Roy Lee, who was an executive producer of the previous three films, revealed that the producers were still undecided on what the fourth installment would entail. According to Lee, they were still "hearing takes from writers on what they could bring to the table on what their thoughts are on a new version".
On March 20, 2014, it was announced that Jeff Buhler had been hired to write the script, and that the film would be produced by Ghost House Pictures and Good Universe. Buhler stated in April that the film would not involve the 2004 film or any of the Japanese "Ju-On" films. Instead it would introduce new ghosts, characters, and mythology. Buhler also clarified that although the mythology would be pushed forward, they would try to keep the "concept and spirits" of the films. It was also reported that the character of Kayako Saeki, who had been central to the previous three installments, would be absent from the reboot.
In early July 2017, it was announced Nicolas Pesce had been hired as director and that he would be rewriting Buhler's draft of the script. Pesce has stated that it would be "[much] darker, grittier, and more realistic".
Star Lin Shaye stated, 
Casting.
In March 2018, it was announced that Andrea Riseborough would star in the film. Later, it was announced that Demián Bichir had also joined the cast, and that filming was set to start in May 2018. John Cho and Lin Shaye were added to the cast in March 2018, and in April 2018, Jacki Weaver, Betty Gilpin, William Sadler, and Frankie Faison also signed on.
Filming.
Principal photography began on May 7, 2018, in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and ended on June 23, 2018. Additional photography and reshoots took place in June 2019.
Release.
"The Grudge" was released by Sony Pictures Releasing on January 3, 2020.
Home media.
"The Grudge" was released on Digital HD on March 10, 2020, and was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 24, 2020.
Reception.
Box office.
In the United States and Canada, "The Grudge" was projected to gross $11–15 million from 2,642 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $5.4 million on its first day, including $1.8 million from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $11.4 million, finishing fifth and marking the lowest opening of any U.S. theatrical film in the series. The film fell 69% in its second weekend to $3.5 million, finishing eleventh.
, "The Grudge" has grossed $21.2 million in the United States and Canada, and $28.3 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $49.5 million, against a production budget of $10–14 million.
Critical response.
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 21% based on 124 reviews, with an average rating of 4.20/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Dull and derivative, the rebooted "Grudge" wastes a talented cast and filmmaker on watered-down scares that may leave viewers nursing grievances of their own." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 41 out of 100, based on 28 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film a rare average grade of "F" on an A+ to F scale (one of only 22 films to receive the rating, ), while those at PostTrak gave it an average 0.5 out of 5 stars.
Writing for the "San Francisco Chronicle", Mick LaSalle said the film was all premise and no development, adding, "I saw this movie in the middle of the day, having had a great night's sleep, and I had to slap myself awake a few times." "Variety"s Owen Gleiberman called the film "a reboot of a remake of a film that wasn't all that scary to begin with", and wrote, ""The Grudge" plods on as if it were something more than formula gunk, cutting back and forth among the thinly written unfortunates who've been touched by the curse of that house." Nick Allen of "RogerEbert.com" gave the film 3 out of 4 stars, saying that it is "often as nasty as you want it to be, its cheesy jump-scares and generic packaging be damned".
Noel Murray of "The Los Angeles Times" wrote, "This is not a 'fun' horror picture. It's about miseries both supernatural and mundane. And, yes, it's scary. Pesce's art-film roots are evident in the movie's slow-burn first hour. But in the final third, "The Grudge" piles on the explicit gore and jump scares — all leading to a final scene and final shot as terrifying as anything in the original series. If the angry, vengeful 'Ju-On' ghosts must endure, they might as well be deployed by someone who knows how to make their attacks bruising." Ben Kenigsberg of "The New York Times" said, "The remake remains cursed by a fatally hokey concept."
Future.
In September 2019, "The Grudge" director Nicolas Pesce expressed interest in a crossover film between "The Grudge" and the American "The Ring" film series, which was done for the first time in 2016 with "Sadako vs. Kayako". In January 2020, Pesce expressed further interest in a sequel being set in both a different part of the world than America or Japan, and in a different "less contemporary" time period compared to previous films.

</doc>
<doc id="56868218" url="?curid=56868218" title="Ogcodes">
Ogcodes

Ogcodes is a genus of small-headed flies in the family Acroceridae. About 90 species have been described for the genus.
Subgenera and species.
The genus is split into three subgenera: "Ogcodes", "Protogcodes" and "Neogcodes". "Ogcodes" is cosmopolitan in distribution, "Protogcodes" is endemic to Australia, and "Neogcodes" is restricted to the Nearctic.
Subgenus Ogcodes 
Subgenus Protogcodes 
Subgenus Neogcodes 
The following species are synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="56868228" url="?curid=56868228" title="E-coupon">
E-coupon

E-coupons (also known as electronic or digital coupons) are the digital analogue of paper coupons which are used to provide customers with discounts or gifts in order to attract the purchase of some products. Mostly, grocery and drug stores offer e-coupon services in loyalty program events. Even though there are still traditional coupons for daily must-have items such as diapers, detergents and toothpaste, e-coupons are actively issued in services like amusement parks, performances, restaurants and travel agencies. E-coupons are becoming one of the most used forms of sales promotions since technology continues to make the Internet faster and easier to use. Also, e-coupons are considered one of the E-marketing tools that tend to be obtained from Digital Media.
How E-coupons work.
Online registration is required to use this service. Customer account information and loyalty card number are important. After registration it is possible choose e-coupons. E-coupon services and store websites distribute coupons to their customers. E-coupons tend to contain the description of the product, its value, restriction on its use and other fields.
E-coupons classification.
Static E-coupons
Static e-coupons are quite similar with traditional coupons and their value does not change over time. Once the user has downloaded e-coupons, the offering value does not depend on the period of time. It is assumable to indicate the validity period with the case of possible changes of the value but there is no determination of exact period of time after the users have obtained them.
Dynamic E-coupons
Dynamic e-coupons, unlike static e-coupons, tend to contain information of the downloaded time. They make the users to purchase the product as soon as possible with an offered discount whose value is about to decrease from the date of the download. In this way of offering e-coupons, manufacturers take an advantage of immediate selling goods and promotion of product circulation while it is more pressure for customers that they have to find a better priced products on time. Hence, dynamic e-coupons are preferable for the companies to advertise their products and services on the web.
Pros and Cons.
Pros
Cons
E-coupon using companies.
Tesco-"money saving e-coupons"
According to Tesco's Terms and Conditions, e-coupons can only be used on Tesco direct site and using of e-coupons indicates that the user agrees on all requirements given by e-coupon Terms and Conditions. Additionally, e-coupons are always considered the property of Tesco and distributed without the written approval of Tesco. Each given e-coupon will be valid to be used by a recipient once only and it is prohibited to exchange for cash or gift vouchers. Furthermore, in order to get an e-coupon with a £3 off £30 or 5 off £50, it is required to do purchase at least £80. Also, it is important to be aware for customers that Tesco reserves the right to vary or terminate the e-coupon operation at any time without notice.
Hong Kong Tourism Board -" Discover Hong Kong"
Hong Kong Tourism Board offer various e-coupons for every means of transportation in order to attract more tourists than ever before. From 15% off plane tickets to 40% train passes are available in Hong Kong today since the board of directors believe that it can promote the increase of tourist flow into their country.
Bali Tourism Board - "Bali Coupon"
Bali Tourism Board, as assisted by Mezzofy (Hong Kong) Limited, has been launching Bali Coupon App on Google Play and App Store since 2015. The Bali Coupon is an App-based platform for all Bali tourist merchants to create, promote, issue and redeem their E-coupons to all potential Bali tourists with the App. 
Jet Airways - "eCoupons"
Jet Airways has introduced the new initiative which is intended to provide customers a flexible booking to travel to any destination, making convenient cancellations and getting full refund. 
Moreover, other benefits of e-coupons include:
E-coupon marketplaces.
Groupon - "Where Businesses Grow and Customers Save"
Groupon connects subscribers with local merchants through travel, goods, and service offers. Groupon has remained one of the prime choices for coupon codes, gift cards, and deals. They are using their voice as a brand to promote local businesses. Apart from money saving deals, Groupon also started initiative to help their readers save more through advanced AI technique. 
RetailMeNot - "Save Big"
Founded by Cotter Cunningham, RetailMeNot is an American multinational company, providing digital coupons, gift cards, cashback deals, and printable vouchers. Their site has blog posts with financial tips and an app.
Woot - "The Original Daily Deals Site"
Established in 2004 and acquired by Amazon in 2010, Woot is a deals site that offers special daily deals as well as limited-time offers across seven categories of products. 
Reviewetc.co - Discount, Deals &amp; Promotions Enjoyment!!!Want a shopping under the budget? Stay with us and use Coupon &amp; Promo codes to get fantastic offers, discounts and hot deals. Top Discount Coupons, Promo Deals &amp; Offer On Unlimited Brands. Reviewetc provides top discount coupons to its visitors and subscribers on a weekly and monthly basis.
E-coupon security and manageability.
E-coupons have not been fully exploited today because of lack of techniques to tackle the distribution. It is essential to meet the requirements of the e-coupon system so as to achieve security and efficiency in management.
The system must satisfy the following requirements:

</doc>
<doc id="56868241" url="?curid=56868241" title="10,000 m walk">
10,000 m walk


</doc>
<doc id="56868242" url="?curid=56868242" title="Ō Ngārue">
Ō Ngārue


</doc>
<doc id="56868245" url="?curid=56868245" title="Hoengen">
Hoengen


</doc>
<doc id="56868255" url="?curid=56868255" title="Polish positivist">
Polish positivist


</doc>
<doc id="56868256" url="?curid=56868256" title="White is Relic/Irrealis Mood">
White is Relic/Irrealis Mood


</doc>
<doc id="56868262" url="?curid=56868262" title="Mount Fainter South">
Mount Fainter South

Mount Fainter South is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range, located in the Australian state of Victoria. The summit is at and is located in the Alpine National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56868264" url="?curid=56868264" title="NGC 4596">
NGC 4596

NGC 4596 is a barred lenticular galaxy located about 55 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo. NGC 4596 was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on March 15, 1784. The unofficial name is Tiffany's Epiphany. NGC 4596 is a member of the Virgo Cluster and has an inclination of about 38°.
Physical characteristics.
NGC 4596 has a strong bar with bright ansae at the ends. Two diffuse spiral arms branch off from the ends of the bar and form an inner pseudoring that is well-defined. The spiral arms continue out and fade rapidly in the bright outer disk.
Supermassive Black Hole.
NGC 4596 has a supermassive black hole with an estimated mass of 78 million suns ( M☉).

</doc>
<doc id="56868277" url="?curid=56868277" title="Ministry of Justice of China (disambiguation)">
Ministry of Justice of China (disambiguation)

Ministry of Justice of China may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868282" url="?curid=56868282" title="The Chocolate Box (EP)">
The Chocolate Box (EP)


</doc>
<doc id="56868283" url="?curid=56868283" title="The Chocolate Box (album)">
The Chocolate Box (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56868286" url="?curid=56868286" title="Tays">
Tays

Tays may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868289" url="?curid=56868289" title="Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles">
Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles


</doc>
<doc id="56868291" url="?curid=56868291" title="Charles T. Russell">
Charles T. Russell


</doc>
<doc id="56868296" url="?curid=56868296" title="Bayou Country">
Bayou Country

Bayou Country may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868299" url="?curid=56868299" title="How the Snake Lost its Legs">
How the Snake Lost its Legs


</doc>
<doc id="56868308" url="?curid=56868308" title="Aaron Lynch">
Aaron Lynch

Aaron Lynch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868319" url="?curid=56868319" title="Frank Payne (artist)">
Frank Payne (artist)


</doc>
<doc id="56868324" url="?curid=56868324" title="Functioning Core">
Functioning Core


</doc>
<doc id="56868356" url="?curid=56868356" title="1984 Midwest pipe bombings">
1984 Midwest pipe bombings

The 1984 Midwest pipe bombing was a plot involving a series of pipe-bombs planted in Minnesota, Illinois and Wisconsin, by Earl Steven Karr.
Incident.
In May and June 1984, an American, Earl Steven Karr, planted over 20 pipe-bombs about Minnesota, Illinois and Wisconsin. He was arrested in Mason City, Iowa after a pipe-bomb he was transporting detonated in the trunk of his car. Only one person is known to have been injured by his explosives. Notes left near the bombs took credit in the name of the "North Central Gay Strike Force Against Public and Police Oppression."

</doc>
<doc id="56868357" url="?curid=56868357" title="1907 Boston mayoral election">
1907 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1907 occurred on Tuesday, December 10, 1907. Republican candidate George A. Hibbard defeated Democratic candidate John F. Fitzgerald, the incumbent Mayor of Boston, and John A. Coulthurst, an Independence League candidate. Primary elections for each party had been held on Thursday, November 14, 1907.
This was the final Boston mayoral election for a two-year term, and that was partisan in nature; a new city charter adopted in 1909 made the mayoral term four years, and made Boston municipal elections non-partisan.
Hibbard was inaugurated on Monday, January 6, 1908.
Results.
Note: In October, John A. Coulthurst was selected as the Independence League candidate, and he resigned his position as secretary of the Democratic state committee. His still garnered some votes in the Democratic primary.
Independence League primary.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56868371" url="?curid=56868371" title="Origins of the civil rights movement">
Origins of the civil rights movement


</doc>
<doc id="56868389" url="?curid=56868389" title="Jack Sock career statistics">
Jack Sock career statistics

This is a list of main career statistics of American professional tennis player Jack Sock. All statistics are according to the ATP World Tour and ITF website.
Performance timelines.
Singles.
"Current through the 2021 US Open."
Record against top 10 players.
Sock's match record against players who have been ranked world No. 10 or higher is as follows. Players who have been No. 1 are in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="56868390" url="?curid=56868390" title="Ghislaine Saikaley">
Ghislaine Saikaley

Ghislaine Saikaley (born 1962 in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec) was the interim Commissioner of Official Languages of Canada from 2016 to 2018. During her tenure as commissioner, she called for a modernization of the Official Languages Act in order to adapt it for the digital age.
Early life and education.
Saikaley grew up in Rouyn-Noranda. He father was a chief of police in the area, and her mother was also working in the police service. She studied at the University of Montreal, where she received a Bachelor's degree in Criminology.
Career.
Saikaley entered the Canadian public service in 1986, when she started working at the Rouyn-Norenda correctional center. Within 6 months of working there, she became manager of the facility. She later moved to Granby for family reasons, and then to Hull in order to become manager of the parole office in the region. During this time, the Hells Angels were very active in the area, and Saikaley received numerous death threats related to her work. Her house was therefore put under police surveillance while she held this position.
Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages.
Saikaley joined the Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages in 2008 as Assistant Commissioner, responsible the Offices' investigations into breach of compliances of the Official Languages Act.
Upon Graham Fraser's retirement as Commissioner of Official Languages, Saikaley was appointed as interim commissioner in December 2016 for a 6 months period. Five months later, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau nominated Madeleine Meilleur to replace her replacement for commissioner. The opposition parties labelled this nomination as partisan, because Meilleur was a former Ontario Liberal Party Minister. Meilleur eventually withdrew her bid to become commissioner in June 2017. Saikaley's 6 months term as interim commissioner ended up expiring without a remplacement commissioner appointed, leaving the Office of the Commissioner of Official Languages in a "legal limbo" where it was devoid of all authority without a commissioner. Saikaley's mandate was extended for another 6 months shortly thereafter.
During her time as commissioner, Sakailey suggested, among other things, that the Official Languages Act be modernized and minimum standards of English-French bilingualism required to become a manager in the Canadian civil service be elevated. On the former, Saikaley stated that the Treasury Board Secretariat's low English-French proficiency requirement resulted in a lack of uniform application of part V of the Official Languages Act.

</doc>
<doc id="56868397" url="?curid=56868397" title="OVO Sound Radio">
OVO Sound Radio


</doc>
<doc id="56868399" url="?curid=56868399" title="Ryan Christensen">
Ryan Christensen

Ryan Christensen (born 12 September 1996) is a New Zealand rider, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .

</doc>
<doc id="56868400" url="?curid=56868400" title="Pokhara Regional International Airport">
Pokhara Regional International Airport

Pokhara Regional International Airport () is an under-construction airport in Pokhara, Gandaki Province, Nepal. It is located east of the existing domestic airport. It is set to open in early 2022. The airport will become Nepal's third international airport.
Development.
The concept of constructing an international airport in Pokhara was first developed in 1976, when the Government of Nepal acquired land for the purpose. In 1989, the Japan International Cooperation Agency conducted a study regarding the construction of the airport. However, the project was reinitiated only in 2013 and one year later, the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal signed an agreement with China CAMC Engineering for the construction of the airport. The construction of the airport started in April 2016 and is expected to be completed after five years in 2021 with a cost of around US$305 million. The Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation awarded the contract to construct and develop the airport to China CAMC Engineering. The airport is expected to handle one million passengers per year. In April 2016, prime minister KP Sharma Oli laid the foundation stone of the new airport. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal, the construction deadline was extended until 2022.
Facilities.
When the airport comes into operation, it will have a runway with a parallel taxiway that can accommodate medium range jets like Airbus A320s and Boeing 737/757s. The airport will have a concrete runway and jet bridges. The parking bays(apron) will be able to handle up to 11 aircraft in which 3 will be international aircraft (Narrow body aircraft) and 8 will be domestic.Two terminals, one domestic and one international, will be able to handle one million passengers annually. The airport will have a long and wide taxi-way which connects the runway with hangars, terminals and parking bays. The airport will have a international terminal building and a domestic terminal building.
Aircraft maintenance.
Buddha Air is planning to construct a hangar that can accommodate aircraft up to the size of an Airbus A319.
Expected airlines and destinations.
Buddha Air is planning to operate its planned international fleet of Boeing or Airbus aircraft out of Pokhara International Airport. In Mid-2021, Biman Bangladesh Airlines was the first international carrier to plan to serve the airport upon opening.

</doc>
<doc id="56868411" url="?curid=56868411" title="The Wonderful Year (pamphlet)">
The Wonderful Year (pamphlet)


</doc>
<doc id="56868416" url="?curid=56868416" title="یٍچُوًا شِ">
یٍچُوًا شِ


</doc>
<doc id="56868422" url="?curid=56868422" title="Classic Kids">
Classic Kids

Classic Kids is a compilation album of classical music compiled by Stephen McGhee. It was released in 1992 by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and was subtitled "A Fun Way for Children to Enjoy the Classics". Whilst sometimes credited to ABC Symphony Orchestra, it was recorded by various Australian orchestras, conductors and soloists. A 68-page teachers guide was available with the album. The album won the ARIA Award for Best Children's Album in 1993.
Track listing.
William Tell overture&lt;br&gt;
1. Finale (Gioachino Rossini)
Nutcracker&lt;br&gt;
2. March (Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky)&lt;br&gt;
3. Trepak (Tchaikovsky)&lt;br&gt;
4. Flight of the bumble bee (Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov)
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie&lt;br&gt;
5. Mrs Kookaburra (Richard Mills) &lt;br&gt;
6. Perpetum mobile (Johann Strauss II) &lt;br&gt;
7. Seven little Australians (Bruce Smeaton) &lt;br&gt;
8. The Washington Post (John Philip Sousa) &lt;br&gt;
9. Dance of the toy flutes (Tchaikovsky)
Carnival of the animals&lt;br&gt;
10. The swan (Camille Saint-Saëns)&lt;br&gt;
11. The elephant (Saint-Saëns)
Eight Russian folk songs&lt;br&gt;
12. I danced with a mosquito (Anatoly Liadov)
Comedians&lt;br&gt;
13. Gallop (Dmitry Kabalevsky)
The nutcracker&lt;br&gt;
14. Dance of the sugar plum fairy (Tchaikovsky)
Nursery suite&lt;br&gt;
15. The merry doll (Edward Elgar) &lt;br&gt;
16. Shepherd's hey (Percy Grainger)
Ballet suite no. 1&lt;br&gt;
17. Dance (Dmitry Shostakovich)
Romeo &amp; Juliet&lt;br&gt;
18. The street awakens (Sergei Prokofiev)&lt;br&gt;
19. Radetsky march (Johann Strauss I)&lt;br&gt;
20. Show people (Carl Davis)
Personnel.
Orchestras
Conductors
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="56868426" url="?curid=56868426" title="Slow Burn (Podcast)">
Slow Burn (Podcast)


</doc>
<doc id="56868431" url="?curid=56868431" title="Bangladesh Nationalist Front">
Bangladesh Nationalist Front

Bangladesh Nationalist Front is a political party in Bangladesh. Former Member of Parliament from Dhaka-17 Abul Kalam Azad is the chairman of the party.
History.
Nazmul Huda founded Bangladesh Nationalist Front in August 2012 after resigning from Bangladesh Nationalist Party on 6 June 2012. Abul Kamal Azad, member-secretary, expelled Huda from Bangladesh Nationalist Front. The Front was registered with the Bangladesh Election Commission in 2015. In 2015 during talks with President Abdul Hamid over the next election Bangladesh Nationalist Front proposed that the Election Commission Secretariat be scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="56868454" url="?curid=56868454" title="Womadelaide '95">
Womadelaide '95

Womadelaide '95 is a compilation album of music by artists from Womadelaide in 1995. The songs were recorded live by ABC Radio sound crews. Bruce Elder from the Sydney Morning Herald wrote that the album was "an extraordinary demonstration of how some of the greatest world music acts are reduced by studio technology, and how immensely better they sound when they perform live." The album was nominated the 1996 ARIA Award for Best World Music Album.

</doc>
<doc id="56868458" url="?curid=56868458" title="Cottaz">
Cottaz


</doc>
<doc id="56868473" url="?curid=56868473" title="United Thai People's Party">
United Thai People's Party

United Thai People's Party (; ) is a political party in Thailand founded on 24 October 1968 was founded by Thanom Kittikachorn and Praphas Charusathien to recruit parliamentary support for their military junta.
In the 1969 Thai general election United Thai People's Party won the most seats in election: 75 of 219 seats. The party was dissolved during the self-coup of Thanom Kittikachorn and Praphas Charusathien in November 1971 that brought a return to unrestricted military dictatorship.
After the October 1973 popular uprising that toppled the Thanom–Praphas regime, some of the more liberal former members of the United Thai People's Party joined the Social Action Party, while former secretary-general Dawee Chullasapya and his deputy Kris Sivara backed the Social Justice Party.

</doc>
<doc id="56868482" url="?curid=56868482" title="Leiselheim">
Leiselheim


</doc>
<doc id="56868488" url="?curid=56868488" title="Rostan">
Rostan

Rostan is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56868505" url="?curid=56868505" title="Skufos">
Skufos


</doc>
<doc id="56868507" url="?curid=56868507" title="Chusnunia Chalim">
Chusnunia Chalim

Chusnunia Chalim is an Indonesian politician who is the Vice governor of Lampung. She was the regent of East Lampung Regency, and is the first woman to hold the office. She was also a member of the People's Representative Council's delegation to the ASEAN Inter-Parliamentary Assembly in 2012.
Chalim has promoted the regency as an international tourism destination through its natural beauty. Six elephant calves have been born at Way Kambas National Park during the first two years of her tenure, one of which she named herself. A few months after taking office, she led a festival at the Park which included playing soccer with eggplants and a cracker-eating contest.
Following Lampung's 2018 gubernatorial election, Chalim was elected as vice governor of Lampung, with Arinal Djunaidi becoming governor. They were sworn in on 12 June 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56868516" url="?curid=56868516" title="List of Contessa episodes">
List of Contessa episodes

Contessa ( Countess) is a 2018 Philippine revenge drama television series directed by Albert Langitan, starring Glaiza de Castro in the title role. The series premiered on GMA Network's "GMA Afternoon Prime" and "Sabado Star Power sa Hapon" block and worldwide on GMA Pinoy TV from March 19 to September 8, 2018, succeeding the 1-year run of "Ika-6 na Utos".
NUTAM (Nationwide Urban Television Audience Measurement) People in Television Homes ratings are provided by AGB Nielsen Philippines. The series ended, but its the 95th-week run, and with 147 episodes. It was replaced by "Ika-5 Utos". 
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56868520" url="?curid=56868520" title="Lara Falk">
Lara Falk

Lara Falk (born 1 February 1997) is an Australian skier and sighted guide for visually impaired skiers. She was Patrick Jensen's guide at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Falk lives in Cooriemungle, Victoria and is studying a Bachelor of Urban, Rural and Environmental Planning at La Trobe University.
Falk is the guide for Paralympic skier Patrick Jensen. At the 2016/17 World Para- alpine Skiing Europa Cup event in Veysonnaz, Switzerland, they won the bronze medal in the Men’s Super-G and Giant Slalom Visually Impaired. At the 2017 World Para-alpine skiing World Championships in Tarvisio, Italy, they finished ninth in the Men's Slalom Slalom Visually Impaired.
At the 2018 Winter Paralympics, Jensen with his guide Falk finished 11th in the Men's Giant Slalom Visually Impaired and did not finish in the Men's Slalom Visually Impaired.

</doc>
<doc id="56868521" url="?curid=56868521" title="Xavean Virgo">
Xavean Virgo


</doc>
<doc id="56868542" url="?curid=56868542" title="Climate change in Asia">
Climate change in Asia


</doc>
<doc id="56868551" url="?curid=56868551" title="Effects of climate change on boreal forests">
Effects of climate change on boreal forests


</doc>
<doc id="56868557" url="?curid=56868557" title="IBM SLD">
IBM SLD


</doc>
<doc id="56868558" url="?curid=56868558" title="The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen">
The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen


</doc>
<doc id="56868560" url="?curid=56868560" title="Environmental record of Royal Dutch Shell">
Environmental record of Royal Dutch Shell


</doc>
<doc id="56868561" url="?curid=56868561" title="Tux">
Tux


</doc>
<doc id="56868565" url="?curid=56868565" title="Ministry of the Military">
Ministry of the Military

Military of the Military may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56868569" url="?curid=56868569" title="Babojab">
Babojab

Babojab ( 1875–1916, Шударга баатар Бавуужав) was an ethnic Mongol prince and military leader. The Japanese planned to overthrow Yuan Shih-k'ai's government by supporting Babojab in his effort to re-establish the Qing dynasty, which would rule Mongolia, Manchuria, and North China. At the end of 1915, Babojab's army retreated to Hailar after attacks from Khatanbaatar Magsarjav near Dolon Nor and Kuke Khoto. His troops fought Chinese soldiers in Manchuria and Inner Mongolia during the Warlord Era. In July 1916 following the death of Yuan Shikai, he enlisted the help of Kawashima Naniwa and other Japanese nationals and raised an army. Three thousand Mongolian cavalrymen defeated Wu Junsheng's Fengtian Clique and occupied Guojiadian in Shandong, on the main line of the South Manchuria Railway. However, later that year Babojab was killed and his army defeated near Linxi, Inner Mongolia.
His son Ganjuurjab married Yoshiko Kawashima.

</doc>
<doc id="56868570" url="?curid=56868570" title="Climate change policy of the Donald Trump administration">
Climate change policy of the Donald Trump administration


</doc>
<doc id="56868572" url="?curid=56868572" title="Barrio Cantera">
Barrio Cantera


</doc>
<doc id="56868579" url="?curid=56868579" title="PAC criterion">
PAC criterion


</doc>
<doc id="56868580" url="?curid=56868580" title="Picacho Stagefield ARNG Heliport">
Picacho Stagefield ARNG Heliport

Picacho Army National Guard Heliport , also known as Picacho Stagefield Heliport, formally Marana Auxiliary Army Airfield No. 1 (Picacho Field), is an Arizona Army National Guard towered training field southeast of Picacho, Arizona. The airport is owned and operated by the United States Army. The field serves as a training facility for the Western Army National Guard Aviation Training Site based out of Pinal Airpark.
Picacho ARNG Heliport is a towered airfield that does not have Class D Airspace ring around the airport on the Phoenix sectional chart; this is due to it being a heliport. Picacho ARNG Heliport should be considered Class D Airspace and the chart instructs pilots to CTC PCA TWR WITHIN 4 NM BELOW 2500 FT AGL.
Marana Auxiliary Army Airfield No. 1 (aka Picacho Field) was one of five Auxiliary fields that served Marana Army Air Field (now: Pinal Airpark) and is part of many Arizona World War II Army Airfields. Picacho Field first appeared on the Phoenix sectional chart in 1945.
Facilities.
Picacho ARNG Heliport has four asphalt paved runways/helipads:

</doc>
<doc id="56868593" url="?curid=56868593" title="Lausanne 2020">
Lausanne 2020


</doc>
<doc id="56868595" url="?curid=56868595" title="Marana Auxiliary Army Airfield No. 1">
Marana Auxiliary Army Airfield No. 1


</doc>
<doc id="56868597" url="?curid=56868597" title="Picacho Field">
Picacho Field


</doc>
<doc id="56868604" url="?curid=56868604" title="Outpost Entertainment">
Outpost Entertainment


</doc>
<doc id="56868606" url="?curid=56868606" title="Ministry of the Army (Japan)">
Ministry of the Army (Japan)


</doc>
<doc id="56868608" url="?curid=56868608" title="Effects of climate change on the Marshall Islands">
Effects of climate change on the Marshall Islands


</doc>
<doc id="56868619" url="?curid=56868619" title="Buddhism in the Mongol Empire">
Buddhism in the Mongol Empire


</doc>
<doc id="56868623" url="?curid=56868623" title="Islam in the Mongol Empire">
Islam in the Mongol Empire


</doc>
<doc id="56868627" url="?curid=56868627" title="Lina Iris Viktor">
Lina Iris Viktor

Lina Iris Viktor (born 1987) is a British-Liberian visual artist based in New York. "The New York Times" described her paintings as "queenly self-portraits with a futuristic edge".
Biography.
Lina Iris Viktor was born in 1987 in the U.K. to parents from Liberia, West Africa. She studied film at Sarah Lawrence College and photography and design at the School of Visual Arts in New York City. In 2018 Viktor was involved in a legal dispute with Kendrick Lamar involved appropriation of her imagery for the video for All the Stars by SZA and Lamar. The dispute was settled. 

</doc>
<doc id="56868629" url="?curid=56868629" title="Ministry of War (disambiguation)">
Ministry of War (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56868633" url="?curid=56868633" title="Ministry of Military Affairs">
Ministry of Military Affairs


</doc>
<doc id="56868636" url="?curid=56868636" title="Ministry of Military">
Ministry of Military


</doc>
<doc id="56868643" url="?curid=56868643" title="Nationalist Party (Thailand)">
Nationalist Party (Thailand)

The Nationalist Party (; ) was a political party in Thailand founded on 6 February 1956 by Net Poonwiwat was leader and Paisal Chatbood was secretary-general. The Nationalist Party won four seats in the general election of February 1957, which decreased to one seat in another general election held in December that year. Following a coup d'etat on 20 October 1958, the party was ordered to be dissolved by the military junta.

</doc>
<doc id="56868645" url="?curid=56868645" title="Jeremy O'Sullivan">
Jeremy O'Sullivan

Jeremy O’Sullivan (born 19 August 1989) is an Australian skier and sighted guide for visually impaired skiers. He was Shaun Pianta's guide at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
O'Sullivan was born and raised in Bright, Victoria.
O’Sullivan started competitive alpine skiing in 2000. He became the guide for Shaun Pianta in 2015. Prior to Pianta, O'Sullivan was guide to Jessica Gallagher and Prue Watt. At the 2016/17 World Para-alpine skiing Europa Cup event in Veysonnaz, Switzerland, in their first major international competition, Pianta and O'Sullivan posted career-best scores in the Men's Super G and Giant Slalom.
At the 2018 Winter Paralympics, Pianta and O'Sullivan competed in two events - 14th in the Men's Giant Slalom Visually Impaired and did not finish in the Men's Slalom Visually Impaired.

</doc>
<doc id="56868646" url="?curid=56868646" title="Sampa the Great">
Sampa the Great

Sampa Tembo (born 1993), known professionally as Sampa the Great, is a Zambian-born Australia-based rapper and songwriter. Her debut solo album, "The Return" (September 2019), peaked at No. 12 on the ARIA Albums Chart. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2019 she won Best Hip Hop Release for her second single, "Final Form". In the following year she won the same category for "The Return", as well as Best Female Artist and Best Independent Release. In March 2020 Sampa became the first artist to win the Australian Music Prize twice: for "Birds and the BEE9" (November 2017) and "The Return".
Early life.
Sampa Tembo was born in 1993 in Zambia and was raised there and in Botswana, as the middle of five children. Her mother, a dancer, Theresa is from the Bemba people while her father, an insurance broker and some-time DJ, is from the Tumbuka. Her sister, Mwanje Tembo, is a singer. She received both piano and singing lessons and started writing poems/lyrics from the age of nine. In the early 2010s she studied music for visual media at the Academy of Art University, San Francisco, for two years and Los Angeles for a year. While in San Francisco she recorded two tracks.
Tembo moved to Sydney in 2013 and was based there until 2018, she completed a Bachelor degree in audio engineering at SAE Institute in 2015. As of 2018 she is based in Melbourne. The artist acknowledges her family and communities in both Botswana and Zambia as the foundation of her success.
Music career.
2015–2016: Early years.
Sampa the Great was featured on the second single, "Beauty" (September 2015), by future soul singer-songwriter Wallace ( Wallace Gollan). The rapper's debut mixtape, "The Great Mixtape", was released as a free download on 16 October 2015, and later on CD and vinyl by Melbourne label Wondercore Island. The artist described it as "a search for creativity, laughter, purpose and rhythms", and credits her African youth for inspiring the "political consciousness" on the record. It was produced by Sydney-based Dave Rodriguez ( Godriguez). They had met at a jazz and hip-hop freestyle at a club, Foundry, in Sydney. Sampa the Great's vocals were recorded in two takes. On 18 December a mixtape track, "F E M A L E", was released as a single. The track was co-written by Tembo with D Rodrguez-Lovibond. She has recently come out to the press as bi-sexual after being harassed about her music lyrics.
On 19 January 2016 Sampa the Great released a standalone single, "Black Dignity". Two days later another standalone single, "Blue Boss", was issued. The rapper featured on the track "Second Heartbeat" alongside Okenyo, for Urthboy's fifth studio album, "The Past Beats Inside Me Like a Second Heartbeat" (March 2016). Another two standalone singles followed, "24" and "Blessings", released together on 25 May. On 6 October she issued a music video, "HERoes (The Call)". On 27 October a related music video, "HERoes (The Response)", was released.
2017–2018: "HERoes Act 2" to "Birds and the BEE9".
On 28 April 2017 Sampa the Great released a single, "Everybody's Hero" featuring British singer Estelle. Her debut extended play, "HERoes Act 2" was the issued on 12 May. In an interview she described it as, "a snapshot of a time of uncertainty and doubt, and the realisation that those aspects are very normal." On the EP the rapper collaborated with producer, Rahki. The second and third singles from the EP, "The Plug" and "Paved with Gold", also featuring Estelle, were released on 11 May.
Sampa the Great issued a second mixtape, "Birds and the BEE9" (10 November 2017), which "crosses hip-hop, soul, jazz, gospel and reggae," via the Big Dada label. It was produced by Sensible J, Silentjay and Kwesi Darko. The track "Casper" contained guest vocals from Syreneyiscreamy, the track "Inner Voice" contained guest vocals from Mwanje Tembo, and the track "Healer" contained guest vocals from Zaachariaha. The mixtape won the Australian Music Prize in March 2018, which includes AUD$30000 from Phonographic Performance Company of Australia (PPCA), with their CEO Dan Rosen hoping it, "will assist in developing [her] career and help take her music to the world." She hoped to use the prizemoney to fund her own home studio.
"Birds and the BEE9" received positive reviews. "The Guardian"s Kitty Empire noticed influences from Lauryn Hill. On 3 October the single, "Rhymes to the East", was released. On 17 October, the single "Bye River" was released. On 20 October, she featured on the track "Your Orbit" by Ecca Vandal, on her eponymous debut album "Ecca Vandal". On 5 April 2018 a music video, "Black Girl Magik" featuring Nicole Gumbe, was issued. On 23 April the rapper was featured in the music video, "Your Orbit" by Ecca Vandal.
2018–present: "The Return".
On 29 November 2018 the artist released her single, "Energy" featuring Nadeem Din-Gabisi along with an accompanying music video. She intended to release her debut studio album later that year: however, it was delayed. On 5 June 2019 another single, "Final Form" appeared with a music video. Her debut album, "The Return", was released on 13 September 2019 via Ninja Tune. In October 2019 she was listed at No. 2 on "Happy Mag"s "The 15 Australian Female Artists Changing the Game Right Now."
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2019 Sampa the Great was nominated in two categories: Best Video (directed by Sanjay De Silva) and Best Hip Hop Release for "Final Form". Upon winning Best Hip Hop Release the artist was "snubbed" by ARIA when the TV broadcast switched to a commercial rather than show her acceptance speech. As the first female person of colour to win a hip hop category the move exemplified "systemic racism" in the industry. In March 2020 Sampa the Great won the Australian Music Prize for "The Return"; becoming the first musician in its 15-year history to win the award twice.
On 23 September 2020 the singer released "Better Days" with Baker Boy and Dallas Woods. The artist was nominated in six categories at the 2020 ARIA Music Awards, held in November, and won three: Best Hip Hop Release, Best Female Artist and Best Independent Release for "The Return". She also performed at the 2020 ceremony through a video-link to Botswana and delivered "a strong statement" on "lack of diversity of the Australian music industry" and specifically took aim at the ARIA board for her snubbing in the previous year.
Personal life.
Outside of her music career Sampa Tembo is interested in sprinting.
Musical influences.
Tembo has been influenced by Mos Def and Chance the Rapper. She has performed as a supporting act for Joey Bada$$, as well as Kendrick Lamar, Thundercat, and Denzel Curry. Tembo described Joey as a "passionate artist and an amazing performer".
Awards and nominations.
AIR Awards.
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are held in Australia and New Zealand by the Australasian Performing Right Association to recognise songwriting skills, sales and airplay performance by its members annually. Sampa the Great has been nominated for one award.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual award ceremony event celebrating the Australian music industry. Sampa the Great won Best Hip Hop Release at the ARIA Music Awards of 2019, from two nominations. She won three categories from six nominations in 2020.
Australian Music Prize.
The Australian Music Prize (the AMP) is an annual award of $30,000 given to an Australian band or solo artist in recognition of the merit of an album released during the year of award. The commenced in 2005.
J Awards.
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an award presented by Viacom International Media Networks to honour artists and music in pop culture.
Music Victoria Awards.
The Music Victoria Awards, are an annual awards night celebrating Victorian music. The commenced in 2005.
National Indigenous Music Awards.
The National Indigenous Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises the achievements of Indigenous Australians in music. The award ceremony commenced in 2004.
! 
National Live Music Awards.
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) are a broad recognition of Australia's diverse live industry, celebrating the success of the Australian live scene. The awards commenced in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56868652" url="?curid=56868652" title="Lina Viktor">
Lina Viktor


</doc>
<doc id="56868667" url="?curid=56868667" title="Environmental justice and climate resilience">
Environmental justice and climate resilience


</doc>
<doc id="56868671" url="?curid=56868671" title="Gender and climate change">
Gender and climate change


</doc>
<doc id="56868685" url="?curid=56868685" title="Publius Valerius Patruinus">
Publius Valerius Patruinus

Publius Valerius Patruinus (died AD 91) was a Roman senator, who flourished under the reign of Domitian. He was suffect consul in the "nundinium" of July–August 82 with Lucius Antonius Saturninus as his colleague. He is known entirely from inscriptions.
His origins lie at Ticinum in Transpadane Italy. The "cursus honorum" of Patruinus is known only in piecemeal. The first office he is attested as holding was not a civil office, but a religious one: he was co-opted into the "sodales Augustales" between the years 70 and 79. Following his consulate, Patruinus is thought to have been governor of the imperial province of Cappadocia. While Werner Eck supports this interpretation of the evidence, and dates his tenure from the year 83 to 85, Bernard Remy argues the evidence in support of this posting is shaky.
It is far more certain that Patruinus was governor to the important imperial province of Syria, which Eck dates from the year 86 to 89. Eck also dates to his governorship his son-in-law Lucius Domitius Apollinaris' command of Legio VI Ferrata. Remy reports Patruinus died in 91.
While we can know the name of his daughter, Valeria Vetilla, we can only speculate the name of Patruinus' wife was Vettia. Apparently he had no son, for there is evidence that his grandson assumed his name, as if he were adopted to continue the lineage.

</doc>
<doc id="56868693" url="?curid=56868693" title="1982-83 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1982-83 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868695" url="?curid=56868695" title="Park 'N Fly Airport Parking">
Park 'N Fly Airport Parking

Park'N Fly Airport Parking, also known as Park'N Fly, is a Canadian airport parking operator based in Mississauga, Ontario. It is the largest and only national operator for off-airport car parks in Canada. Park'N Fly is currently owned by CK Hutchison Holdings, a conglomerate in Hong Kong.
History.
Park'N Fly began its business operations in Canada. It is the largest Canadian operator of off-airport car parks, providing 22,400 car parking spaces over 180 acres of land.
In May 2014, Park'N Fly was acquired by two subsidiaries of Hutchison Whampoa. The joint venture allocated ownership between Cheung Kong Holdings and Cheung Kong Infrastructure, both controlled by Hong Kong business magnate Li Ka-shing. As part of the agreement, each party holds a 50% interest in the assets of Park'N Fly. This agreement also included the licensing rights of its brand name to Halifax International Airport Authority, which started since 2005. The transaction was estimated to be worth $397.5 million in Canadian currency ($366 million US). Prior to the acquisition, Park'N Fly was previously owned by BRL Realty, RNE Realty and Park'N Fly Partnership.
The acquisition was officially finalized in July 2014. Subsequently, Carlo Marrello became the new CEO of Park'N Fly.
Locations.
Park'N Fly offers economy, self-park and valet parking services at seven major airports in Canada, including the cities of Vancouver, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal and Halifax. All parking locations are offsite and near the major international airports in Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="56868696" url="?curid=56868696" title="1995-96 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team">
1995-96 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868697" url="?curid=56868697" title="Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 2018-2022">
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 2018-2022


</doc>
<doc id="56868699" url="?curid=56868699" title="1980-81 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1980-81 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868700" url="?curid=56868700" title="2010-11 Marist Red Foxes men's basketball team">
2010-11 Marist Red Foxes men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868702" url="?curid=56868702" title="1981-82 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team">
1981-82 Boston College Eagles men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868704" url="?curid=56868704" title="National anthem of Mauritania (1960-2017)">
National anthem of Mauritania (1960-2017)


</doc>
<doc id="56868705" url="?curid=56868705" title="2011-12 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team">
2011-12 UMBC Retrievers men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868706" url="?curid=56868706" title="Cockblockers">
Cockblockers


</doc>
<doc id="56868707" url="?curid=56868707" title="Cohen-Macaulay scheme">
Cohen-Macaulay scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56868708" url="?curid=56868708" title="2010-11 Radford Highlanders men's basketball team">
2010-11 Radford Highlanders men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56868709" url="?curid=56868709" title="Olde English 'Babydoll' Southdown sheep">
Olde English 'Babydoll' Southdown sheep


</doc>
<doc id="56868711" url="?curid=56868711" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 2018-2022">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 2018-2022


</doc>
<doc id="56868715" url="?curid=56868715" title="Michael Fix">
Michael Fix

Michael E. Fix is an American economist known for his research on immigration, especially illegal immigration to the United States. He is a senior fellow at the Migration Policy Institute, of which he formerly served as president.
Education and career.
Fix has a bachelor's degree from Princeton University, a J.D. from the University of Virginia, and did graduate work at the London School of Economics. He first joined the Urban Institute as a research associate in 1977, where he was promoted to senior research associate in 1983. In 1994, he became a principal research associate at the Urban Institute, and in 1998, he was named their Director of Immigration Studies. He joined the Migration Policy Institute as co-director of their National Center on Immigrant Integration Policy in 2005. He was later promoted to vice president of the Institute in 2008, and was later named its president. He stepped down from his position as president of the Institute in summer 2017, while remaining a senior fellow there.

</doc>
<doc id="56868730" url="?curid=56868730" title="Queta Carrasco">
Queta Carrasco

Queta Carrasco (July 4, 1913 — August 8, 1996) was a Mexican character actress.
Early life.
Enriqueta Carrasco Navarrete was born in Mexico City, the daughter of Honorato Carrasco and Ada Navarrete. Her father was an engineer and her mother was an opera singer. Her older sister Ada Carrasco also became an actress, as did Ada's daughter Malena Doria.
Career.
Carrasco's first role in a film came in 1962, in "Ruletera a toda marcha", directed by Rafael Baledón; her sister Ada was also in that film. She was in more than forty Mexican films, mostly genre films, including "La Venganza de Huracán Ramirez" (1967, a "masked wrestler" film) "Los Asesinos" (1968), "Un Quijote sin Mancha" (1969), "Elena y Raquel" (1970), "Pubertinaje" (1971), "El Águila Descalza" (1971), "Fé, Esperanza y Caridad" (1973), "La presidenta municipal" (1975), "Coyote and Bronca" (1980), She also appeared in telenovelas including "Gabriel y Gabriela" (1982), "Tú eres mi destino" (1984), "La indomable" (1987), "Ángeles blancos" (1990), "Vida robada" (1991), "Corazon salvaje" (1993), and "Dos mujeres, un camino" (1993-1994), often playing grandmothers. She was acting to the very end of her life, with her last role in 1995 in the telenovela "Alondra".
Personal life.
Queta Carrasco died in 1996, in Mexico City, aged 83 years.

</doc>
<doc id="56868739" url="?curid=56868739" title="Emperor (debut EP)">
Emperor (debut EP)


</doc>
<doc id="56868749" url="?curid=56868749" title="West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats men's basketball">
West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats men's basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56868753" url="?curid=56868753" title="Disappeared (TV series)">
Disappeared (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56868756" url="?curid=56868756" title="Monday Floyd">
Monday Floyd

Monday Floyd was a carpenter and Republican State Representative, who was elected to two terms in the Georgia House of Representatives during the Reconstruction Era. As one of several emancipated African Americans who were elected to public office, Floyd faced considerable resistance. He received a threatening note from the Ku Klux Klan promising that there would be no more "Negro" legislators in Georgia, and requesting him to leave town.
Elected in 1868, he was among the 25 of 29 African American legislators in Georgia who were blocked from taking office. After federal intervention he was able to be seated after the 1870 election. In December 1870 he was threatened and shot, while in his home in Madison, Georgia, by the Ku Klux Klan. Three days later the Klan returned and Floyd fled to Atlanta.
He testified before the U.S. Congress in 1871 on the threats he had received.

</doc>
<doc id="56868758" url="?curid=56868758" title="PS Political Science and Politics">
PS Political Science and Politics


</doc>
<doc id="56868759" url="?curid=56868759" title="Zapaturismo">
Zapaturismo

Zapatourism (from Spanish, "zapaturismo") is a touristic phenomenon in the Mexican state of Chiapas caused by the presence of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation. International and national tourists visit the area attracted by the message, image or policy of the Zapatista movement which claims to provide autonomy, dignity and freedom of the local indigenous communities. The rebel communities and municipalities in the zone are the entrance to this anti-globalization movement, phenomenon which is also called "political tourism".
The endorsement to tourism made by the neozapatistas has its origin on the fact that the EZLN is a post-modern guerrilla (which calls itself "pacific insurgency").
In 1996, the EZLN started the "Zapatismo" phenomenon by inviting world-renowned celebrities such as Oliver Stone, Edward James Olmos, Danielle Mitterrand, to visit the Lacandon Jungle, in the state of Chiapas.
However, in recent years, the Zapatista's support for Zapaturismo has waned. When Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador began pushing for a "Maya Train", a 950-mile railway line which would connect archaeological sites along the Yucatan Peninsula and open the region to greater tourism, the EZLN stated the project would be "an open declaration of war". They stated they felt that the project seemed to serve corporate interests, not those of the local communities. They stated that it felt like the train line would simply serve to shuttle rich international tourists from cultural site to cultural site without giving anything back to the communities and that the locals would not receive "dignified" related work, but instead be expected to work various jobs serving the tourists. They also expressed fears about predatory commercial interests such as hotel chains seeking to profiteer off the indigenous cultures without any genuine interest or commitment to those communities. 

</doc>
<doc id="56868764" url="?curid=56868764" title="Gunn Junhavat">
Gunn Junhavat

Gunn Junhavat (, born 31 December 1993) nickname Gunn, is a Thai actor, host and singer. He is best known for his role as Tar in the 2015 GTH's .
He attended Srinakharinwirot University Prasarnmit Demonstration School and graduated from College of Music, Mahidol University, majoring in Music Technology (Electric Guitar).

</doc>
<doc id="56868766" url="?curid=56868766" title="Palaver (1926 film)">
Palaver (1926 film)

Palaver is a 1926 silent film shot in British Nigeria, recognized as the first Nigerian feature film.
The film was significant for its use of non-professional local Nigerians as actors. While not a box-office success, it was to prove significant in the larger history of Nigerian cinema.
Plot.
The film portrays conflicts between a British District Officer and a local tin miner which lead to war.
Criticism.
Later commentators have classified "Palaver" amongst other colonial films which claimed the "beneficent influence of the white man in Africa."Geoffrey Barkas (director, producer and scriptwriter) himself, in interviews about his work, referred to his casting from "cannibal pagan tribes" and spoke of their "blind savagery."
Nigerian "Pulse" magazine in 2017 described the film as "proudly racist", and noted: "Even though it was produced in Nigeria, Palaver was made for the British audience. There is no error in that the narrative was consistent with the popular idea sold in Europe that the colonial masters were doing Africans a favour by colonizing them."

</doc>
<doc id="56868769" url="?curid=56868769" title="St. Lawrence Saints men's basketball">
St. Lawrence Saints men's basketball


</doc>
<doc id="56868771" url="?curid=56868771" title="Remusatia vivipara">
Remusatia vivipara

Remusatia vivipara also called hitchhiker elephant ear is a perennial herb growing up to 50 cm tall in the genus "Remusatia". It is widespread throughout the world, growing in temperate climates.
Description.
"Remusatia vivipara" is a rupicolous or epiphytic herb that grows up to 50 cm tall, arising from an underground tuber around 2–4 cm in diameter and coloured vivid red. Its bulbils are scaly and ovoid, around 5 mm long, scales ending in hooked prickles. The leaf is solitary, is broad and peltate, 10–40 cm long and 5–30 cm across, with a petiole up to 40 cm long. "R.vivipara" very rarely flowers. Spathe is leathery, 10–13 cm long with an ovoid tube which is green. Spadix is around 3.5 cm long, clavate and creamy white with the flowers unisexual and congested, female at base, male at tip, separated by sterile flowers in the middle. Fruits a cluster of berries.
Distribution and habitat.
"Remusatia vivipara" can be found in Central and Western Africa, from Tanzania and Ethiopia to Sierra Leone; Oman, Yemen, Taiwan, Tibet, Yunnan, India, Indochina, Java and Northern Australia. "Remusatia vivipara"is can be found in subtropical forests, on rocks, cliff edges around 700m-1900m above sea level. It is epiphytic in leaf litter traps on large trees such as "Ficus vasta".
It rarely flowers in Asia, whilst in Africa it never flowers and there are no observations of "Remusatia vivipara" flowering in Arabia. However, the small bulbils that appear on the plant are readily detached and can be carried hundreds of kilometres by clinging to the feathers of birds. This accounts for the wide distribution of the species.
Uses.
Tubers are edible when cooked very thoroughly either by roasting or boiling to deactivate the oxalate crystals. They are eaten in Dhofar with clarified butter or buttermilk and eaten in India added to curries.

</doc>
<doc id="56868800" url="?curid=56868800" title="Chi-an prefecture">
Chi-an prefecture


</doc>
<doc id="56868827" url="?curid=56868827" title="Chung-shu men-hsia">
Chung-shu men-hsia


</doc>
<doc id="56868832" url="?curid=56868832" title="Jean Evelyn Roberts">
Jean Evelyn Roberts


</doc>
<doc id="56868838" url="?curid=56868838" title="Farm to Market Road 3342">
Farm to Market Road 3342


</doc>
<doc id="56868840" url="?curid=56868840" title="Laurence Haïm">
Laurence Haïm


</doc>
<doc id="56868841" url="?curid=56868841" title="CounterSpin">
CounterSpin


</doc>
<doc id="56868842" url="?curid=56868842" title="Laurence Haim">
Laurence Haim


</doc>
<doc id="56868844" url="?curid=56868844" title="Laura Haïm">
Laura Haïm


</doc>
<doc id="56868847" url="?curid=56868847" title="California Report">
California Report


</doc>
<doc id="56868848" url="?curid=56868848" title="Silver Jet">
Silver Jet


</doc>
<doc id="56868849" url="?curid=56868849" title="Goldman Sachs controversies">
Goldman Sachs controversies

Goldman Sachs controversies are the controversies surrounding the American multinational investment bank Goldman Sachs. The bank and its activities have generated substantial controversy and legal issues around the world and is the subject of speculation about its involvement in global finance and politics. In a widely publicized story in "Rolling Stone", Matt Taibbi characterized Goldman Sachs as a "great vampire squid" sucking money instead of blood, allegedly engineering "every major market manipulation since the Great Depression."
Role in the financial crisis of 2007–2008.
Goldman has been harshly criticized, particularly in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007–2008, where some alleged that it misled its investors and profited from the collapse of the mortgage market. That time — "one of the darkest chapters" in Goldman's history according to "The New York Times" — brought investigations from the United States Congress, the United States Department of Justice, and a lawsuit from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that resulted in Goldman paying a $550 million settlement. Goldman Sachs was "excoriated by the press and the public" according to journalists McLean and Nocera—this despite the non-retail nature of its business that would normally have kept it out of the public eye. Visibility and antagonism came from the $12.9 billion Goldman received—more than any other firm—from AIG counterparty payments provided by the bailout of AIG, the $10 billion in TARP money it received from the government (though the firm paid this back to the government), and a record $11.4 billion set aside for employee bonuses in the first half of 2009. While all the investment banks were scolded by congressional investigations, Goldman Sachs was subject to "a solo hearing in front of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations" and a quite critical report. In a widely publicized story in "Rolling Stone", Matt Taibbi characterized Goldman Sachs as a "great vampire squid" sucking money instead of blood, allegedly engineering "every major market manipulation since the Great Depression ... from tech stocks to high gas prices"
Goldman Sachs has denied wrongdoing. It has stated that its customers were aware of its bets against the mortgage-related security products it was selling to them, and that it only used those bets to hedge against losses, and was simply a market maker. The firm also promised a "comprehensive examination of our business standards and practices", more disclosure and better relationships with clients.
Goldman has also been accused of an assortment of other misdeeds, including a general decline in ethical standards, working with dictatorial regimes, cozy relationships with the US federal government via a "revolving door" of former employees, insider trading by some of its traders, and driving up prices of commodities through futures speculation. Goldman has denied wrongdoing in these cases.
Senate report on the causes of the financial crisis of 2007–2008.
On April 14, 2011, the United States Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations released a 635-page report entitled "" which described some of the causes of the financial crisis. The report alleged that Goldman Sachs may have misled investors and profited from the collapse of the mortgage market at their expense. The Chairman of the Subcommittee referred the report to the United States Department Of Justice to determine whether Goldman executives had broken the law, and two months later the Manhattan district attorney subpoenaed Goldman for relevant information on possible securities fraud, but on August 9 the Justice Department announced it had decided not to file charges against Goldman Sachs or its employees for trades made during the subprime mortgage portfolio.
Stub month and allegedly misleading results in December 2008.
In April 2009, Floyd Norris, chief financial correspondent of the "New York Times", accused Goldman Sachs of misleading investors by having "puffed up" its first quarter 2009 earnings by creating a December "orphan month" into which it shifted large write-downs, so they did not appear in any "quarterly number". In April 2009, the company reported a $780 million net loss for the single month of December but reported net earnings of $1.81 billion for the first quarter of 2009.
However, the accounting change to a calendar fiscal year, which created the stub month of December 2008, was required when the firm converted to a bank holding company and declared in Item 5.03 of its Form 8-K U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filing of December 15, 2008. The December loss also included a $850 million mark-to-market write-down on loans to chemical maker LyondellBasell since it became clear in December that Lyondell would file for bankruptcy protection and would not be able to meet its debt obligations.
While the results of December 2008 were detailed in the press release reporting the results of December 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 and the related conference call with analysts, according to an article in the "Washington Post" by David S. Hilzenrath, "the company included a page of charts in its Monday news release showing its December results, but it didn't include a narrative description of those results as it did for the January-through-March period."
Most financial analysts and the mainstream financial press were aware of the required change in fiscal year and deteriorating market conditions into December and were not surprised by the December loss. Analysts focused more on the first quarter results and the planned repayment of TARP funds, but even Merrill Lynch told its clients not to "forget about December".
Merrill Lynch took at least $8.1 billion of losses in the same period, and Morgan Stanley, which was also required to switch to a calendar year for accounting purposes as a result of its conversion to a bank holding company, also reported a large loss for its stub month of December, although, unlike Goldman, Morgan Stanley also lost money in the first quarter of 2009.
Bonuses paid to employees in 2009 despite financial crisis.
In June 2009, after the firm repaid the TARP investment from the U.S. Treasury, Goldman made some of the largest bonus payments in its history due to its strong financial performance. Andrew Cuomo, then New York Attorney General, questioned Goldman's decision to pay 953 employees bonuses of at least $1 million each after it received TARP funds in 2008. That same period, however, CEO Lloyd Blankfein and 6 other senior executives opted to forgo bonuses, stating they believed it was the right thing to do, in light of "the fact that we are part of an industry that's directly associated with the ongoing economic distress".
Benefits from the government bailout of AIG.
American International Group received $180 billion in government loans during the financial crisis. The money was used to repay customers of its security-lending program and was paid as collateral to counterparties under credit insurance contracts purchased from AIG. However, due to the size and nature of the payouts, there was considerable controversy in the media and amongst some politicians as to whether banks, including Goldman Sachs, should have been forced to take greater losses and should not have been paid in full via government loans to AIG. The New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo announced in March 2009 that he was investigating whether AIG's trading counterparties improperly received government money. Goldman Sachs was a major beneficiary of the government loans to AIG and received $12.9 billion during the unwind of credit default swap (CDS) contracts by AIG after receiving the government loans.
Firm's response to criticism of AIG payments.
Goldman Sachs maintained that its net exposure to AIG was 'not material', and that the firm was protected by hedges (in the form of CDSs with other counterparties) and $7.5 billion of collateral. The firm stated the cost of these hedges to be over $100 million. According to Goldman, both the collateral and CDSs would have protected the bank from incurring an economic loss in the event of an AIG bankruptcy (however, because AIG was bailed out and not allowed to fail, these hedges did not pay out). CFO David Viniar stated that profits related to AIG in the first quarter of 2009 "rounded to zero", and profits in December were not significant. He went on to say that he was "mystified" by the interest the government and investors have shown in the bank's trading relationship with AIG.
Considerable speculation remains that Goldman's hedges against its AIG exposure would not have paid out if AIG was allowed to fail. According to a report by the United States Office of the Inspector General of TARP, if AIG had collapsed, it would have made it difficult for Goldman to liquidate its trading positions with AIG, even at discounts, and it also would have put pressure on other counterparties that "might have made it difficult for Goldman Sachs to collect on the credit protection it had purchased against an AIG default." Finally, the report said, an AIG default would have forced Goldman Sachs to bear the risk of declines in the value of billions of dollars in collateral debt obligations.
Goldman argued that CDSs are marked to market (i.e. valued at their current market price) and their positions netted between counterparties daily. Thus, as the cost of insuring AIG's obligations against default rose substantially in the lead-up to its bailout, the sellers of the CDS contracts had to post more collateral to Goldman Sachs. The firm claims this meant its hedges were effective and the firm would have been protected against an AIG bankruptcy and the risk of knock-on defaults, had AIG been allowed to fail. However, in practice, the collateral would not protect fully against losses both because protection sellers would not be required to post collateral that covered the complete loss during a bankruptcy and because the value of the collateral would be highly uncertain following the repercussions of an AIG bankruptcy. If the government let AIG default, according to money manager Michael Lewitt, "its collapse would be as close to an extinction-level event as the financial markets have seen since the Great Depression".
September 15, 2008 meetings at the New York Federal Reserve.
Some have said, incorrectly according to others, that Goldman Sachs received preferential treatment from the government by being the only Wall Street firm to have participated in the crucial September meetings at the New York Fed, which decided AIG's fate. Much of this has stemmed from an inaccurate but often quoted "New York Times" article. The article was later corrected to state that Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, was ""one of" the Wall Street chief executives at the meeting" (emphasis added). Bloomberg has also reported that representatives from other firms were indeed present at the September AIG meetings. Furthermore, Goldman Sachs CFO David Viniar stated that CEO Blankfein had never "met" with his predecessor and then-US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to discuss AIG; However, there were frequent phone calls between the two of them. Paulson was not present at the September meetings at the New York Fed. Morgan Stanley was hired by the Federal Reserve to advise on the AIG bailout.
According to the "New York Times", Paulson spoke with the CEO of Goldman Sachs two dozen times during the week of the bailout, though he obtained an ethics waiver before doing so. While it is common for regulators to be in contact with market participants to gather valuable industry intelligence, particularly in a crisis, the "Times" noted he spoke with Goldman's Blankfein more frequently than with other large banks. Federal officials say that although Paulson was involved in decisions to rescue A.I.G, it was the Federal Reserve that played the lead role in shaping and financing the A.I.G. bailout.
$60 million settlement for Massachusetts subprime mortgages (2009).
On May 10, 2009, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay up to $60 million to end an investigation by the Massachusetts attorney general's office into whether the firm helped promote unfair home loans in the state. The settlement will be used to reduce the mortgage payments of 714 Massachusetts residents who had secured subprime mortgages funded by Goldman Sachs. Michael DuVally, a spokesman for Goldman, said it was "pleased to have resolved this matter," and declined to comment further. This settlement may open the door to state government actions against Goldman throughout the United States aimed at securing compensation for predatory mortgage lending practices.
Sale of Dragon Systems to Lernout &amp; Hauspie despite accounting issues.
In 2000, Goldman Sachs advised Dragon Systems on its sale to Lernout &amp; Hauspie of Belgium for $580 million in L&amp;H stock. L&amp;H later collapsed due to accounting fraud and its stock price declined significantly. Jim and Janet Baker, founders and together 50% owners of Dragon, filed a lawsuit against Goldman Sachs, alleging negligence, intentional and negligent misrepresentation, and breach of fiduciary duty since Goldman did not warn Dragon or the Bakers of the accounting problems of the acquirer, L&amp;H. On January 23, 2013 a federal jury rejected the Bakers' claims and found Goldman Sachs not liable to the Bakers.
Stock price manipulation.
Goldman Sachs was charged for repeatedly issuing research reports with extremely inflated financial projections for Exodus Communications and Goldman Sachs was accused of giving Exodus its highest stock rating even though Goldman knew Exodus did not deserve such a rating.
On July 15, 2003, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers and Morgan Stanley were sued for artificially inflating the stock price of RSL Communications by issuing untrue or materially misleading statements in research analyst reports, and paid $3,380,000 for settlement.
Goldman Sachs is accused of asking for kickback bribes from institutional clients who made large profits flipping stocks which Goldman had intentionally undervalued in initial public offerings it was underwriting. Documents under seal in a decade-long lawsuit concerning eToys.com's initial public offering (IPO) in 1999 but released accidentally to the "New York Times" show that IPOs managed by Goldman were underpriced and that Goldman asked clients able to profit from the prices to increase business with it. The clients willingly complied with these demands because they understood it was necessary in order to participate in further such undervalued IPOs. Companies going public and their initial consumer stockholders are both defrauded by this practice.
So-called 'naked short-selling' - Overstock.com.
In 2015, Goldman settled with Overstock for $20 million for participating in abusive practices described as "creat[ing] fake lendable shares out of thin air" with the end of result of "organized counterfeiting of shares in the market"; crucial evidence of the Goldman's participation in these manipulative practices surfaced when Goldman’s lawyer accidentally posted on PACER, the federal court online filing system, emails from a broker documenting his abuses.
Use of offshore tax havens.
A 2016 report by Citizens for Tax Justice stated that "Goldman Sachs reports having 987 subsidiaries in offshore tax havens, 537 of which are in the Cayman Islands despite not operating a single legitimate office in that country, according to its own website. The group officially holds $28.6 billion offshore." The report also noted several other major U.S. banks and companies use the same tax-avoidance tactics.
In 2008, Goldman Sachs had an effective tax rate of only 3.8%, down from 34% the year before, and its tax liability decreased to $14 million in 2008, compared to $6 billion in 2007. Critics have argued that the reduction in Goldman Sachs's tax rate was achieved by shifting its earnings to subsidiaries in low or no-tax nations, such as the Cayman Islands.
Involvement in the European sovereign debt crisis.
Goldman is being criticized for its involvement in the 2010 European sovereign debt crisis. Goldman Sachs is reported to have systematically helped the Greek government mask the true facts concerning its national debt between the years 1998 and 2009. In September 2009, Goldman Sachs, among others, created a special credit default swap (CDS) index to cover the high risk of Greece's national debt. The interest-rates of Greek national bonds soared, leading the Greek economy very close to bankruptcy in 2010 and 2011.
Ties between Goldman Sachs and European leadership positions were another source of controversy. Lucas Papademos, Greece's former prime minister, ran the Central Bank of Greece at the time of the controversial derivatives deals with Goldman Sachs that enabled Greece to hide the size of its debt. Petros Christodoulou, General Manager of the Greek Public Debt Management Agency is a former employee of Goldman Sachs. Mario Monti, Italy's former prime minister and finance minister, who headed the new government that took over after Berlusconi's resignation, is an international adviser to Goldman Sachs. Otmar Issing, former board member of the Bundesbank and the Executive Board of the European Bank also advised Goldman Sachs. Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, is the former managing director of Goldman Sachs International. António Borges, Head of the European Department of the International Monetary Fund in 2010–2011 and responsible for most of enterprise privatizations in Portugal since 2011, is the former Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs International. Carlos Moedas, a former Goldman Sachs employee, was the Secretary of State to the Prime Minister of Portugal and Director of ESAME, the agency created to monitor and control the implementation of the structural reforms agreed by the government of Portugal and the troika composed of the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. Peter Sutherland, former Attorney General of Ireland was a non-executive director of Goldman Sachs International.
Employee's views.
In March 2012, Greg Smith, then-head of Goldman Sachs US equity derivatives sales business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), resigned his position via a critical letter printed as an op-ed in "The New York Times". In the letter, he attacked Goldman Sachs CEO and Chairman Lloyd Blankfein for losing touch with the company's culture, which he described as "the secret sauce that made this place great and allowed us to earn our clients' trust for 143 years." Smith said that advising clients "to do what I believe is right for them" was becoming increasingly unpopular. Instead there was a "toxic and destructive" environment in which "the interests of the client continue to be sidelined", senior management described clients as "muppets" and colleagues callously talked about "ripping their clients off". In reply, Goldman Sachs said that "we will only be successful if our clients are successful", claiming "this fundamental truth lies at the heart of how we conduct ourselves" and that "we don't think [Smith's comments] reflect the way we run our business." Later that year, Smith published a book titled "Why I left Goldman Sachs".
According to the "New York Times" own research after the op-ed was printed, almost all the claims made in Smith's incendiary Op-Ed–about Goldman Sachs turned out to be "curiously short" on evidence. "The New York Times" never issued a retraction or admitted to any error in judgment in initially publishing Smith's op-ed.
In 2014 a book by former Goldman portfolio manager Steven George Mandis was published entitled "What Happened to Goldman Sachs: An Insider's Story of Organizational Drift and Its Unintended Consequences". Mandis also has a PhD dissertation about Goldman at Columbia University. Mandis left in 2004 after working for the firm for 12 years. In an interview Mandis said, "You read about Goldman Sachs and it's either the bank is the best or the bank is the worst, this is not one of those books—things are never black or white." According to Mandis, there was an "organizational drift" in the company's evolution.
In 2010, two former female employees filed a lawsuit against Goldman Sachs for gender discrimination. Cristina Chen-Oster and Shanna Orlich claimed that the firm fostered an "uncorrected culture of sexual harassment and assault" causing women to either be "sexualized or ignored". The suit cited both cultural and pay discrimination including frequent client trips to strip clubs, client golf outings that excluded female employees, and the fact that female vice presidents made 21% less than their male counterparts.
Advice to short California bonds underwritten by the firm.
On November 11, 2008, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Goldman Sachs had both earned $25 million from underwriting California bonds, and advised other clients to short those bonds. While some journalists criticized the contradictory actions, others pointed out that the opposite investment decisions undertaken by the underwriting side and the trading side of the bank were normal and in line with regulations regarding Chinese walls, and in fact critics had demanded increased independence between underwriting and trading.
Personnel "revolving-door" with US government.
During 2008 Goldman Sachs received criticism for an apparent revolving door relationship, in which its employees and consultants have moved in and out of high level U.S. Government positions, creating the potential for conflicts of interest. The large number of former Goldman Sachs employees in the US government has been jokingly referred to "Government Sachs". Former Treasury Secretary Paulson is a former CEO of Goldman Sachs. Additional controversy attended the selection of former Goldman Sachs lobbyist Mark A. Patterson as chief of staff to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, despite President Barack Obama's campaign promise that he would limit the influence of lobbyists in his administration. In February 2011, the "Washington Examiner" reported that Goldman Sachs was "the company from which Obama raised the most money in 2008" and that its "CEO Lloyd Blankfein has visited the White House 10 times."
Former New York Fed Chairman's ties to the firm.
Stephen Friedman, a former director of Goldman Sachs, was named Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in January 2008. Although he had retired from Goldman in 1994, Friedman continued to own stock in the firm. Goldman's conversion from a securities firm to a bank holding company in September 2008 meant it was now regulated by the Fed and not the SEC. When it became apparent that Timothy Geithner, then president of the New York Fed, would leave his role there to become Treasury Secretary, Friedman was granted a temporary one-year waiver of a rule that forbids "class C" directors of the Fed from direct interest with those it regulates. Friedman agreed to remain on the board until the end of 2009 to provide continuity in the wake of the turmoil caused by Lehman Brothers' bankruptcy. Had the waiver not been granted, the New York Fed would have lost both its president and its chairman (or Friedman would have had to divest his Goldman shares). This would have been highly disruptive for the New York Fed's role in the capital markets. Friedman later said he agreed to stay on the NY Fed board out of a sense of public duty, but that his decision was "being mischaracterized as improper".
Media reports in May 2009 concerning Friedman's involvement with Goldman, and in particular, his purchase of the firm's stock when it traded at historical lows in the fourth quarter of 2008, fueled controversy and criticism over what was seen as a conflict of interest in Friedman's new role as supervisor and regulator to Goldman Sachs. These events prompted his resignation on May 7, 2009. Although Friedman's purchases of Goldman stock did not violate any Fed rule, statute, or policy, he said that the Fed did not need this distraction. He also stated his purchases, made while approval of a waiver was pending, were motivated by a desire to demonstrate confidence in the company during a time of market distress.
Insider trading cases.
In 1986, Goldman Sachs investment banker David Brown pleaded guilty to charges of passing inside information on a takeover deal that eventually was provided to Ivan Boesky. In 1989, Robert M. Freeman, who was a senior Partner, who was the Head of Risk Arbitrage, and who was a protégé of Robert Rubin, pleaded guilty to insider trading, for his own account and for the firm's account.
Rajat Gupta insider trading case.
In April 2010, Goldman director Rajat Gupta was named in an insider-trading case. It was said Gupta had "tipped off a hedge-fund billionaire", Raj Rajaratnam of Galleon Group, about the $5 billion Berkshire Hathaway investment in Goldman during the financial crisis of 2007–2008. According to the report, Gupta had told Goldman the month before his involvement became public that he wouldn't seek re-election as a director. In early 2011, with the delayed Rajaratnam criminal trial about to begin, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced civil charges against Gupta covering the Berkshire investment as well as confidential quarterly earnings information from Goldman and Procter &amp; Gamble (P&amp;G). Gupta was board member at P&amp;G until voluntarily resigning the day of the SEC announcement, after the charges were announced. "Gupta was an investor in some of the Galleon hedge funds when he passed the information along, and he had other business interests with Rajaratnam that were potentially lucrative... Rajaratnam used the information from Gupta to illegally profit in hedge fund trades... The information on Goldman made Rajaratnam's funds $17 million richer... The Procter &amp; Gamble data created illegal profits of more than $570,000 for Galleon funds managed by others, the SEC said." Gupta was said to have "vigorously denied the SEC accusations". He was also a board member of AMR Corporation.
Gupta was convicted in June 2012 on insider trading charges stemming from Galleon Group case on four criminal felony counts of conspiracy and securities fraud. He was sentenced in October 2012 to two years in prison, an additional year on supervised release and ordered to pay $5 million in fines.
Abacus mortgage-backed CDOs and $550 million settlement (2010).
Unlike many investors and investment banks, Goldman Sachs anticipated the subprime mortgage crisis that developed in 2007-8. Some of its traders became "bearish" on the housing boom beginning in 2004 and developed mortgage-related securities, originally intended to protect Goldman from investment losses in the housing market. In late 2006, Goldman management changed the firm's overall stance on the mortgage market from positive to negative. As the market began its downturn, Goldman "created even more of these securities", no longer just hedging or satisfying investor orders but, according to business journalist Gretchen Morgenson, "enabling it to pocket huge profits" from the mortgage defaults and that Goldman "used the C.D.O.'s to place unusually large negative bets that were not mainly for hedging purposes". Authors Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera stated that "the firm's later insistence that it was merely a 'market maker' in these transactions—implying that it had no stake in the economic performance of the securities it was selling to clients—became less true over time."
The investments were called synthetic CDOs because unlike regular collateralized debt obligations, the principal and interest they paid out came not from mortgages or other loans, but from premiums to pay for insurance against mortgage defaults—the insurance known as "credit default swaps". Goldman and some other hedge funds held a "short" position in the securities, paying the premiums, while the investors (insurance companies, pension funds, etc.) receiving the premiums were the "long" position. The longs were responsible for paying the insurance "claim" to Goldman and any other shorts if the mortgages or other loans defaulted.
Through April 2007 Goldman issued over 20 CDOs in its "Abacus" series worth a total of $10.9 billion. All together Goldman packaged, sold, and shorted a total of 47 synthetic CDOs, with an aggregate face value of $66 billion between July 1, 2004 and May 31, 2007.
But while Goldman was praised for its foresight, some argued its bets against the securities it created gave it a vested interest in their failure. These securities performed very poorly for the long investors and by April 2010, at least US$5 billion worth of the securities either carried "junk" ratings, or had defaulted. One CDO examined by critics which Goldman bet against, but also sold to investors, was the $800 million Hudson Mezzanine CDO issued in 2006. In the Senate Permanent Subcommittee hearings, Goldman executives stated that the company was trying to remove subprime securities from its books. Unable to sell them directly, it included them in the underlying securities of the CDO and took the short side, but critics McLean and Nocera complained the CDO prospectus did not explain this but described its contents as "'assets sourced from the Street', making it sound as though Goldman randomly selected the securities, instead of specifically creating a hedge for its own book." The CDO did not perform well and by March 2008—just 18 months after its issue—so many borrowers had defaulted that holders of the security paid out "about US$310 million to Goldman and others who had bet against it". Goldman's head of European fixed-income sales lamented in an email made public by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, the "real bad feeling across European sales about some of the trades we did with clients" who had invested in the CDO. "The damage this has done to our franchise is very significant."
Critics also complain that while Goldman's investors were large, ostensibly sophisticated banks and insurers, at least some of the CDO securities and their losses filtered down to small public agencies—"money used to run schools and fix potholes and fund municipal budgets". For example, an investor in Abacus, IKB Bank, "created a structured investment vehicle called Rhinebridge. Rhinebridge, like other SIVs, issued debt that it then used to buy mortgage-backed securities and CDOs like Abacus. The debt issued by Rhinebridge, ... was bought by among others, King County, Washington, which managed money on behalf of one hundred other public agencies. This was money used to run schools and fix potholes and fund municipal budgets . ... For all of Goldman's later claims that it dealt only with the most sophisticated of investors, the fact remained that those investors could be fiduciaries, investing on behalf of school districts, fire departments, pensioners, and municipalities all across the country."
IKB "paid for its share of the deal with money it collected from a number of relatively unsophisticated investors including King County in Washington state. In 2007, the county bought US$100 million of commercial paper, a type of short-term debt, from Rhineland, a special fund created by IKB that in turn snapped up nearly US$150 million of the securities created by the Goldman vehicle known as Abacus 2007-AC1. ... [King County also made a] US$50-million purchase ... in 2007 from another IKB fund, dubbed Rhinebridge. The county lost US$19 million when Rhinebridge collapsed—and an additional US$54 million when other similar funds defaulted. About 100 county agencies in the Seattle area, including some that deal with libraries and schools, saw their budgets cut as a result."
In public statements, Goldman claimed that it shorted simply to hedge and was not expecting the CDOs to fail. It also denied that its investors were unaware of Goldman's bets against the products it was selling to them. There were intricate links between a Goldman Sachs trader, Jonathan M. Egol, synthetic collateralized debt obligations, or C.D.O., ABACUS, and asset-backed securities index (ABX).
Goldman is also alleged to have tried to pressure the credit rating agency Moody's give its products a higher rating than they deserved. According to an article in "ProPublica, "Goldman and other firms often seemed to have pressured the agencies to give good ratings. E-mails released last week by the Senate investigations subcommittee give a glimpse of the back-and-forth (PDF). "I am getting serious pushback from Goldman on a deal that they want to go to market with today," wrote one Moody's employee in an internal e-mail message in April 2006. The Senate subcommittee found that rating decisions were often subject to concerns about losing market share to competitors. The agencies are, after all, paid by the firms whose products they rate.""
2010 SEC civil fraud lawsuit.
In April 2010, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) charged Goldman Sachs and one of its vice-presidents, Fabrice Tourre, with securities fraud. The SEC alleged that Goldman had told buyers of a synthetic CDO, a type of investment, that the underlying assets in the investment had been picked by an independent CDO manager, ACA Management. In fact, Paulson &amp; Co. a hedge fund that wanted to bet against the investment had played a "significant role" in the selection, and the package of securities turned out to become "one of the worst-performing mortgage deals of the housing crisis" because "less than a year after the deal was completed, 100% of the bonds selected for Abacus had been downgraded".
The particular synthetic CDO that the SEC's 2010 fraud suit charged Goldman with misleading investors with was called Abacus 2007-AC1. Unlike many of the Abacus securities, 2007-AC1 did not have Goldman Sachs as a short seller, in fact, Goldman Sachs lost money on the deal. That position was taken by the customer (John Paulson) who hired Goldman to issue the security (according to the SEC's complaint). Paulson and his employees selected 90 BBB-rated mortgage bonds that they believed were most likely to lose value and so the best bet to buy insurance for. Paulson and the manager of the CDO, ACA Management, worked on the portfolio of 90 bonds to be insured (ACA allegedly unaware of Paulson's short position), coming to an agreement in late February 2007. Paulson paid Goldman approximately US$15 million for its work in the deal. Paulson ultimately made a US$1 billion profit from the short investments, the profits coming from the losses of the investors and their insurers. These were primarily IKB Deutsche Industriebank (US$150 million loss), and the investors and insurers of another US$900 million—ACA Financial Guaranty Corp, ABN AMRO, and the Royal Bank of Scotland.
The SEC alleged that Goldman "materially misstated and omitted facts in disclosure documents" about the financial security, including the fact that it had "permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market [the hedge fund manager Paulson &amp; Co.] to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio, while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent, objective third party," ACA Management. The SEC further alleged that "Tourre also misled ACA into believing ... that Paulson's interests in the collateral section [sic] process were aligned with ACA's, when in reality Paulson's interests were sharply conflicting."
In reply Goldman issued a statement saying the SEC's charges were "unfounded in law and fact", and in later statements maintained that it had not structured the portfolio to lose money, that it had provided extensive disclosure to the long investors in the CDO, that it had lost $90 million, that ACA selected the portfolio without Goldman suggesting Paulson was to be a long investor, that it did not disclose the identities of a buyer to a seller and vice versa as it was not normal business practice for a market maker, and that ACA was itself the largest purchaser of the Abacus pool, investing US$951 million. Goldman also stated that any investor losses resulted from the overall negative performance of the entire sector, rather than from a particular security in the CDO.
While some journalists and analysts have called these statements misleading, others believed Goldman's defense was strong and the SEC's case was weak.
Some experts on securities law such as Duke University law professor James Cox, believed the suit had merit because Goldman was aware of the relevance of Paulson's involvement and took steps to downplay it. Others, including Wayne State University Law School law professor Peter Henning, noted that the major purchasers were sophisticated investors capable of accurately assessing the risks involved, even without knowledge of the part played by Paulson.
Critics of Goldman Sachs point out that Paulson went to Goldman Sachs after being turned down for ethical reasons by another investment bank, Bear Stearns who he had asked to build a CDO. Ira Wagner, the head of Bear Stearns's CDO Group in 2007, told the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission that having the short investors select the referenced collateral as a serious conflict of interest and the structure of the deal Paulson was proposing encouraged Paulson to pick the worst assets. Describing Bear Stearns's reasoning, one author compared the deal to "a bettor asking a football owner to bench a star quarterback to improve the odds of his wager against the team." Goldman claimed it lost $90 million, critics maintain it was simply unable (not due to a lack of trying) to shed its position before the underlying securities defaulted.
Critics also question whether the deal was ethical, even if it was legal. Goldman had considerable advantages over its long customers. According to McLean and Nocera there were dozens of securities being insured in the CDO—for example, another ABACUS—had 130 credits from several different mortgage originators, commercial mortgage-backed securities, debt from Sallie Mae, credit cards, etc. Goldman bought mortgages to create securities, which made it "far more likely than its clients to have early knowledge" that the housing bubble was deflating and the mortgage originators like New Century had begun to falsify documentation and sell mortgages to customers unable to pay the mortgage-holders back—which is why the fine print on at least one ABACUS prospectus warned long investors that the 'Protection Buyer' (Goldman) 'may have information, including material, non-public information' which it was not providing to the long investors.
According to an article in the "Houston Chronicle", critics also worried that Abacus might undermine the position of the US "as a safe harbor for the world's investors" and that "The involvement of European interests as losers in this allegedly fixed game has attracted the attention of that region's political leaders, most notably British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, who has accused Goldman of "moral bankruptcy". This is, in short, a big global story ... Is what Goldman Sachs did with its Abacus investment vehicle illegal? That will be for the courts to decide, ... But it doesn't take a judge and jury to conclude that, legalities aside, this was just wrong."
On July 15, 2010, Goldman settled out of court, agreeing to pay the SEC and investors US$550 million, including $300 million to the U.S. government and $250 million to investors, one of the largest penalties ever paid by a Wall Street firm. In August 2013 Tourre was found liable on 6 of 7 counts by a federal jury. The company did not admit or deny wrongdoing, but did admit that its marketing materials for the investment "contained incomplete information", and agreed to change some of its business practices regarding mortgage investments.
Tourre defense of ABACUS lawsuit.
The 2010 Goldman settlement did not cover charges against Goldman vice president and salesman for ABACUS, Fabrice Tourre.
Tourre unsuccessfully sought a dismissal of the suit, which then went to trial in 2013. On August 1, a federal jury found Tourre liable on six of seven counts, including that he misled investors about the mortgage deal. He was found not liable on the charge that he had deliberately made an untrue or misleading statement.
Alleged commodity price manipulation.
A provision of the 1999 financial deregulation law, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, allows commercial banks to enter into any business activity that is "complementary to a financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally." In the years since the laws passing, Goldman Sach and other investment banks (Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase) have branched out into ownership of a wide variety of enterprises including raw materials, such as food products, zinc, copper, tin, nickel and, aluminum.
Some critics, such as Matt Taibbi, believe that allowing a company to both "control the supply of crucial physical commodities, and also trade in the financial products that might be related to those markets," is "akin to letting casino owners who take book on NFL games during the week also coach all the teams on Sundays."
Unauthorized trades by Goldman Sachs trader Matthew Marshall Taylor.
Former Goldman Sachs trader Matthew Marshall Taylor was convicted of hiding $8.3 billion worth of unauthorized trades involving derivatives on the S&amp;P 500 index by making "multiple false entries" into a Goldman trading system. When Goldman Sachs management uncovered the trades, Taylor was immediately fired. The trades cost the company $118 million, which Taylor was ordered to repay. In 2013, Taylor plead guilty to charges and was sentenced to 9 months in prison in addition to the monetary damages.
Goldman Sachs Commodity Index and the 2005–2008 Food Bubble.
Frederick Kaufman, a contributing editor of "Harper's Magazine", argued in a 2010 article that Goldman's creation of the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index (now the S&amp;P GSCI) helped passive investors such as pension funds, mutual funds and others engage in food price Speculation by betting on financial products based on the commodity index. These financial products disturbed the normal relationship between supply and demand, making prices more volatile and defeating the price stabilization mechanism of the futures exchange.
A June 2010 article in "The Economist" defended commodity investors and oil index-tracking funds, citing a report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development that found that commodities without futures markets and ignored by index-tracking funds also saw price rises during the period.
Aluminum price and supply.
In a July 2013 article, David Kocieniewski, a journalist with "The New York Times" accused Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms of "capitalizing on loosened federal regulations" to manipulate "a variety of commodities markets", particularly aluminum, citing "financial records, regulatory documents and interviews with people involved in the activities." After Goldman Sachs purchased aluminum warehousing company Metro International in 2010, the wait of warehouse customers for delivery of aluminum supplies to their factories—to make beer cans, home siding and other products—went from an average of 6 weeks to more than 16 months, "according to industry records." "Aluminum industry analysts say that the lengthy delays at Metro International after Goldman took over are a major reason the premium on all aluminum sold in the spot market has doubled since 2010." The price increase has cost "American consumers more than $5 billion" from 2010 to 2013 according to former industry executives, analysts and consultants. The cause of this was alleged to be Goldman's ownership of a quarter of the national supply of aluminum—a million and a half tons—in network of 27 Metro International warehouses Goldman owns in Detroit, Michigan. To avoid hoarding and price manipulation, the London Metal Exchange requires that "at least 3,000 tons of that metal must be moved out each day". Goldman has dealt with this requirement by moving the aluminum—not to factories, but "from one warehouse to another"—according to the Times.
In August 2013, Goldman Sachs was subpoenaed by the federal Commodity Futures Trading Commission as part of an investigation into complaints that Goldman-owned metals warehouses had "intentionally created delays and inflated the price of aluminum." In December 2013, it was announced that 26 cases accusing Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, the two investment banks' warehousing businesses, and the London Metal Exchange in various combinations—of violating U.S. antitrust laws, would be assigned to United States District Court for the Southern District of New York Judge Katherine B. Forrest in Manhattan.
According to Lydia DePillis of Wonkblog, when Goldman bought the warehouses it "started paying traders extra to bring their metal" to Goldman's warehouses "rather than anywhere else. The longer it stays, the more rent Goldman can charge, which is then passed on to the buyer in the form of a premium." The effect is "amplified" by another company, Glencore, which is "doing the same thing in its warehouse in Vlissingen".
Michael DuVally, a spokesman for Goldman Sachs, said the cases are without merit. Robert Lenzner, a columnist at "Forbes", wrote that Goldman Sachs controls only 3% of the global market and is therefore too small to have pricing power. An article published by Bloomberg L.P. also debunked the conspiracy theory.
In December 2014, Goldman Sachs sold its aluminum warehousing business to Ruben Brothers.
Oil futures speculation.
Investment banks, including Goldman, have also been accused of driving up the price of gasoline by speculating on the oil futures exchange. In August 2011, "confidential documents" were leaked "detailing the positions" in the oil futures market of several investment banks, including Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Deutsche Bank, and Barclays, just before the peak in gasoline prices in the summer of 2008. The presence of positions by investment banks on the market was significant for the fact that the banks have deep pockets, and so the means to significantly sway prices, and unlike traditional market participants, neither produced oil nor ever took physical possession of actual barrels of oil they bought and sold. Journalist Kate Sheppard of Mother Jones called it "a development that many say is artificially raising the price of crude". However, another source stated that "Just before crude oil hit its record high in mid-2008, 15 of the world's largest banks were betting that prices would fall, according to private trading data..."
In April 2011, a couple of observers—Brad Johnson of the blog Climate Progress, founded by Joseph J. Romm, and Alain Sherter of CBS MoneyWatch—noted that Goldman Sachs was warning investors of a dangerous spike in the price of oil. Climate Progress quoted Goldman as warning "that the price of oil has grown out of control due to excessive speculation" in petroleum futures, and that "net speculative positions are four times as high as in June 2008." when the price of oil peaked.
It stated that "Goldman Sachs told its clients that it believed speculators like itself had artificially driven the price of oil at least $20 higher than supply and demand dictate." Sherter noted that Goldman's concern over speculation did not prevent it (along with other speculators) from lobbying against regulations by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to establish "position limits", which would cap the number of futures contracts a trader can hold, and thus prevent speculation.
According to Joseph P. Kennedy II, by 2012, prices on the oil commodity market had become influenced by "hedge funds and bankers" pumping "billions of purely speculative dollars into commodity exchanges, chasing a limited number of barrels and driving up the price". The problem started, according to Kennedy, in 1991, when just a few years after oil futures began trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange, Goldman Sachs made an argument to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission that Wall Street dealers who put down big bets on oil should be considered legitimate hedgers and granted an exemption from regulatory limits on their trades.
The commission granted an exemption that ultimately allowed Goldman Sachs to process billions of dollars in speculative oil trades. Other exemptions followed and "by 2008, eight investment banks accounted for 32% of the total oil futures market."
Danish utility sale (2014).
Goldman Sachs's purchase of an 18% stake in state-owned DONG EnergyDenmark's largest electric utilityset off a "political crisis" in Denmark. The sale—approved on January 30, 2014—sparked protest in the form of the resignation of six cabinet ministers and the withdrawal of a party (Socialist People's Party) from Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt's leftist governing coalition. According to "Bloomberg Businessweek", "the role of Goldman in the deal struck a nerve with the Danish public, which is still suffering from the aftereffects of the global financial crisis." Protesters in Copenhagen gathered around a banner "with a drawing of a vampire squid—the description of Goldman used by Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone in 2009". Opponents expressed concern that Goldman would have some say in Dong's management, and that Goldman planned to manage its investment through "subsidiaries in Luxembourg, the Cayman Islands, and Delaware, which made Danes suspicious that the bank would shift earnings to tax havens." Goldman purchased the 18% stake in 2014 for 8 billion kroner and sold just over a 6% stake in 2017 for 6.5 billion kroner.
Libya investment losses (2013).
In January 2014, the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) filed a lawsuit against Goldman for $1 billion after the firm lost 98% of the $1.3 billion the LIA invested with Goldman in 2007.
Goldman made more than $1 billion in derivatives trades with the LIA funds, which lost almost all their value but earned Goldman $350 million in profit. In court documents firm has admitted to having used small gifts, occasional travel and an internship in order to gain access to Libya's sovereign wealth fund.
In August 2014, Goldman dropped a bid to end the suit in a London court. In October 2016, after trial, the court entered a judgment in Goldman Sachs's favor.
Improper securities lending practices.
In January 2016, Goldman Sachs agreed to pay $15 million after it was found that a team of Goldman employees, between 2008 and 2013, "granted locates" by arranging to borrow securities to settle short sales without adequate review. However, U.S. regulation for short selling requires brokerages to enter an agreement to borrow securities on behalf of customers or to have "reasonable grounds" for believing that it can borrow the security before entering contracts to complete the sale. Additionally, Goldman Sachs gave "incomplete and unclear" responses to information requests from SEC compliance examiners in 2013 about the firm's securities lending practices.
1MDB Malaysian sovereign wealth fund scandal (2015–).
According to the Thomson Reuters league tables, Goldman Sachs was the most successful foreign investment bank in Malaysia from 2011 to 2013. In 2013, the bank had a 21% market share in Malaysia's investment banking segment, double that of its nearest rival, mostly due to business with the Malaysian sovereign wealth fund, 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB).
In 2015, U.S. prosecutors began examining the role of Goldman Sachs in helping 1MDB raise more than $6 billion. The 1MDB bond deals are said to generate "above-average" commission and fees for Goldman Sachs amounting close to $600 million or more than 9% of the proceeds.
Beginning in 2016, Goldman Sachs was investigated for a $3 billion bond created by Goldman for 1MDB. Prosecutors investigated if the bank failed to comply with the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, which requires financial institutions to report suspicious transactions to regulators.
Goldman Sans font.
In June 2020, Goldman Sachs introduced a new corporate typeface, Goldman Sans, and made it freely available. After Internet users discovered that the terms of the license prohibited the disparagement of Goldman Sachs, the bank was much mocked and disparaged in its own font, until it eventually changed the license to the standard SIL Open Font License. 

</doc>
<doc id="56868851" url="?curid=56868851" title="California Report Magazine">
California Report Magazine


</doc>
<doc id="56868858" url="?curid=56868858" title="The Global Education &amp; Leadership Foundation">
The Global Education &amp; Leadership Foundation

The Global Education &amp; Leadership Foundation (tGELF) is an organisation that focuses on cultivating ethical, altruistic leadership aimed at improving the overall standard of the world.
The foundation currently connects with 1,000,000 students through 7000 master trainers across 1000 schools &amp; NGOs in 12 countries.
History.
tGELF was officially launched in 2008 by the then Prime Minister of India Dr. Manmohan Singh.
Programs.
SKILLD.
Skilling &amp; Knowhow Initiative for Lifelong Leadership Development (SKILLD) is a unique value-based curriculum developed with Teachers College, Columbia University.
Education Prize.
The Education Prize is an annual competition organised by tGELF for school teachers in India and abroad. The winners are given a letter of recommendation and a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh (USD 1500 approx.) each.
Initiatives.
Global Citizen India.
In 2016, tGELF partnered Global Citizen to host first edition of the Global Citizen India Festival.
The festival was hosted on 19 November in Mumbai, India, where it was headlined by Coldplay and Jay Z. Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi made a short address to the crowd via video conference.
The promotional campaign mobilized over 500,000 youths who took more than 2 million "actions" through digital platforms calling on government, faith leaders, business icons and celebrities to be more accountable on education, gender equality, water and sanitation. The star-studded event headlined by Coldplay drew 85,000 people and raised more than USD 5 BN while clocking a TV Viewership of 2 million people across India.
Awards &amp; Recognitions.
tGELF was awarded the Outstanding Contribution to Education Award at the Wharton-QS Stars Awards 2014 by University of Pennsylvania. The award is also known as 'Oscars for Education'

</doc>
<doc id="56868861" url="?curid=56868861" title="Simrana">
Simrana


</doc>
<doc id="56868862" url="?curid=56868862" title="Hand models">
Hand models


</doc>
<doc id="56868865" url="?curid=56868865" title="Shensi Province">
Shensi Province


</doc>
<doc id="56868867" url="?curid=56868867" title="Hand modeling">
Hand modeling


</doc>
<doc id="56868868" url="?curid=56868868" title="Hand modelling">
Hand modelling


</doc>
<doc id="56868871" url="?curid=56868871" title="Thomas B. Allen">
Thomas B. Allen

Thomas B. Allen could refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="56868873" url="?curid=56868873" title="Sunday 3G">
Sunday 3G


</doc>
<doc id="56868874" url="?curid=56868874" title="Simrana Cycle">
Simrana Cycle


</doc>
<doc id="56868875" url="?curid=56868875" title="Complementary Medicine Research">
Complementary Medicine Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868885" url="?curid=56868885" title="Chivukula Anjaneya Murthy">
Chivukula Anjaneya Murthy

C. A. Murthy (Chivukula Anjaneya Murthy) (19582018) was a senior scientist and higher academic grade Professor of the Indian Statistical Institute, whose primary research contributions were to the fields of pattern recognition, image processing, machine learning, neural networks, fractals, genetic algorithms, wavelets and data mining.
He was the head (2005-2010) of the Machine Intelligence Unit and professor-in-charge (2012-2014) of the Computer and Communication Sciences Division at the Indian Statistical Institute.
Education.
Murthy received his B. Stat., M. Stat. and Ph.D. degrees from the Indian Statistical Institute. He was a visiting researcher at Michigan State University in 1991-92, and Pennsylvania State University in 1996-97.
Awards and recognition.
Murthy was a Fellow of Indian National Academy of Engineering Fellow (2001), National Academy of Sciences Fellow (2007) and VASVIK Fellow (1999). Murthy's “An efficient method of hard and fuzzy clustering of multidimensional data” was awarded Computer Engineering Division Medal by the Institution of Engineers (India) in 1996-97.
According to Google Scholar, Murthy's work has been cited more than 5,000 times.
Murthy's NPTEL
lecture series on pattern recognition has been reached more than 1 million views.
Patents.
Murthy's invention can be noted by his several research patents.
Edited books.
1. S. K. Pal and C. A. Murthy (Guest Editors), Image Processing, Vision and Pattern Recognition, Special issue of Proceedings of the Indian National Science Academy, Part-A, vol. 67, A, no. 2, March 2001.
2. B. B. Bhattacharya, C. A. Murthy, B. Chanda and B. B. Chaudhury (Eds), Proceedings of international conference on Computing: Theory and Applications, IEEE Press, pages 749, 2007.
3. B. Chanda and C. A. Murthy (Editors), Advances in intelligent information processing, Platinum Jubilee Series, Indian Statistical Institute, World Scientific, 2008. Series Editor is S.K. Pal.
4. S. Choudhury, S. Mitra, C. A. Murthy, P. S. Sastry and S. K. Pal (eds), Proceedings of the Third International Conference on -Pattern Recognition and Machine Intelligence (PReMI), Vol. LNCS 5909, , Springer-Verlag, Berlin, Heidelberg, 2009.
Death.
Murthy died in a road accident in front of the Indian Statistical Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="56868904" url="?curid=56868904" title="Acta Cytologica">
Acta Cytologica


</doc>
<doc id="56868905" url="?curid=56868905" title="Acta Haematologica">
Acta Haematologica


</doc>
<doc id="56868906" url="?curid=56868906" title="American Journal of Nephrology">
American Journal of Nephrology


</doc>
<doc id="56868908" url="?curid=56868908" title="Annales Nestlé">
Annales Nestlé


</doc>
<doc id="56868909" url="?curid=56868909" title="Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism">
Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism


</doc>
<doc id="56868910" url="?curid=56868910" title="Audiology and Neurotology">
Audiology and Neurotology


</doc>
<doc id="56868911" url="?curid=56868911" title="Blood Purification">
Blood Purification


</doc>
<doc id="56868913" url="?curid=56868913" title="Breast Care">
Breast Care


</doc>
<doc id="56868915" url="?curid=56868915" title="Cardiorenal Medicine">
Cardiorenal Medicine


</doc>
<doc id="56868916" url="?curid=56868916" title="Caries Research">
Caries Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868917" url="?curid=56868917" title="Case Reports in Dermatology">
Case Reports in Dermatology


</doc>
<doc id="56868918" url="?curid=56868918" title="Case Reports in Gastroenterology">
Case Reports in Gastroenterology


</doc>
<doc id="56868919" url="?curid=56868919" title="Case Reports in Neurology">
Case Reports in Neurology


</doc>
<doc id="56868920" url="?curid=56868920" title="Case Reports in Oncology">
Case Reports in Oncology


</doc>
<doc id="56868921" url="?curid=56868921" title="Case Reports in Ophthalmology">
Case Reports in Ophthalmology


</doc>
<doc id="56868922" url="?curid=56868922" title="Case Reports in Virology and Infectious Diseases">
Case Reports in Virology and Infectious Diseases


</doc>
<doc id="56868923" url="?curid=56868923" title="Cells Tissues Organs">
Cells Tissues Organs


</doc>
<doc id="56868925" url="?curid=56868925" title="Cellular Physiology and Biochemistry">
Cellular Physiology and Biochemistry

Cellular Physiology and Biochemistry is a scientific journal, which since 2019 is published by Cell Physiol Biochem Press, Düsseldorf, Germany.
The journal publishes articles from both the physiological and biochemical disciplines as well as related fields such as genetics, molecular biology, pathophysiology, pathobiochemistry, cellular toxicology and pharmacology.
CPB has been published by Karger Publishers until the end of 2018. 

</doc>
<doc id="56868926" url="?curid=56868926" title="Cerebrovascular Diseases Extra">
Cerebrovascular Diseases Extra


</doc>
<doc id="56868928" url="?curid=56868928" title="Current Urology">
Current Urology


</doc>
<doc id="56868929" url="?curid=56868929" title="Dementia and Geriatric Cognitive Disorders">
Dementia and Geriatric Cognitive Disorders


</doc>
<doc id="56868930" url="?curid=56868930" title="Dementia and Geriatric Cognitive Disorders Extra">
Dementia and Geriatric Cognitive Disorders Extra


</doc>
<doc id="56868931" url="?curid=56868931" title="Developmental Neuroscience (journal)">
Developmental Neuroscience (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868932" url="?curid=56868932" title="Digestion (journal)">
Digestion (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868933" url="?curid=56868933" title="Digestive Diseases">
Digestive Diseases


</doc>
<doc id="56868934" url="?curid=56868934" title="Digestive Surgery">
Digestive Surgery


</doc>
<doc id="56868935" url="?curid=56868935" title="European Surgical Research">
European Surgical Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868936" url="?curid=56868936" title="Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy">
Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy


</doc>
<doc id="56868937" url="?curid=56868937" title="Folia Phoniatrica et Logopaedica">
Folia Phoniatrica et Logopaedica


</doc>
<doc id="56868938" url="?curid=56868938" title="Food Science and Technology Research">
Food Science and Technology Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868943" url="?curid=56868943" title="Gerontology (journal)">
Gerontology (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868944" url="?curid=56868944" title="Gynäkologisch-geburtshilfliche Rundschau">
Gynäkologisch-geburtshilfliche Rundschau


</doc>
<doc id="56868945" url="?curid=56868945" title="Gynecologic and Obstetric Investigation">
Gynecologic and Obstetric Investigation


</doc>
<doc id="56868946" url="?curid=56868946" title="Human Development (journal)">
Human Development (journal)

Human Development is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of human development, particularly developmental psychology. Its scope includes disparate disciplines such as anthropology, biology, education, psychology, and sociology, among others. The journal is published by Karger Publishers (Basel). The journal is the official journal of the Jean Piaget Society. The current editor is Susan Rivera (University of California, Davis). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 1.893.
Aims and scope.
Distinguished by its international recognition since 1958, Human Development publishes theoretical contributions and integrative reviews of lines of research in psychological development within conceptual, historical, and methodological frameworks. Contributions serve to raise theoretical issues, flesh out interesting and potentially powerful ideas, and differentiate key constructs. Contributions come primarily from developmental psychology but are welcome from other relevant disciplines.
History.
The journal was founded in 1958 as "Vita Humana" by Hans Thomae (1958–1981)
and continued in 1965 as "Human Development". Former editors include: Bernice L. Neugarten (1963–1969), M.L. Langeveld (1963–1974), Klaus F. Riegel (1970–1977), John A. Meacham (1977-1987), Wolfgang Edelstein (1982–1987), Hermine Sinclair (1982–1987), Deanna Kuhn (1988–1996), Barbara Rogoff (1997–2002), Geoffrey B. Saxe (2003–2006), Larry Nucci (2007–2019), and Susan Rivera (2020- ).

</doc>
<doc id="56868947" url="?curid=56868947" title="Human Heredity">
Human Heredity

Human Heredity is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of human genetics. It was established in 1948 as Acta Genetica et Statistica Medica, obtaining its current name in 1969. It is published eight times per year by Karger Publishers and the editor-in-chief is Pak Sham (University of Hong Kong). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 0.542.

</doc>
<doc id="56868948" url="?curid=56868948" title="International Archives of Allergy and Immunology">
International Archives of Allergy and Immunology


</doc>
<doc id="56868949" url="?curid=56868949" title="Journal of Innate Immunity">
Journal of Innate Immunity


</doc>
<doc id="56868950" url="?curid=56868950" title="Journal of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology">
Journal of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology


</doc>
<doc id="56868951" url="?curid=56868951" title="Journal of Nutrigenetics and Nutrigenomics">
Journal of Nutrigenetics and Nutrigenomics


</doc>
<doc id="56868953" url="?curid=56868953" title="Journal of Vascular Research">
Journal of Vascular Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868954" url="?curid=56868954" title="Kidney and Blood Pressure Research">
Kidney and Blood Pressure Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868955" url="?curid=56868955" title="Medical Principles and Practice">
Medical Principles and Practice


</doc>
<doc id="56868956" url="?curid=56868956" title="Molecular Syndromology">
Molecular Syndromology


</doc>
<doc id="56868957" url="?curid=56868957" title="Nephron (journal)">
Nephron (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868958" url="?curid=56868958" title="Nephron Clinical Practice">
Nephron Clinical Practice


</doc>
<doc id="56868959" url="?curid=56868959" title="Nephron Experimental Nephrology">
Nephron Experimental Nephrology


</doc>
<doc id="56868960" url="?curid=56868960" title="Nephron Physiology">
Nephron Physiology


</doc>
<doc id="56868961" url="?curid=56868961" title="Neurodegenerative Diseases">
Neurodegenerative Diseases


</doc>
<doc id="56868962" url="?curid=56868962" title="Neuroembryology and Aging">
Neuroembryology and Aging


</doc>
<doc id="56868963" url="?curid=56868963" title="Neuroendocrinology (journal)">
Neuroendocrinology (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868964" url="?curid=56868964" title="Neuroimmunomodulation (journal)">
Neuroimmunomodulation (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868965" url="?curid=56868965" title="Alexander Stone">
Alexander Stone

Alexander Stone was a member of Georgia's constitutional convention held in 1867 and 1868 and was an elected member of the Georgia Legislature in 1868. He was a Republican.
Biography.
Stone and 25 of 29 African Americans elected during the post-American Civil War Reconstruction Era were prohibited from taking office by their white colleagues. Stone was elected to represent Jefferson County, Georgia. After federal intervention, African Americans were able to hold office following the 1870 election in Georgia. But Ku Klux Klan activity, Jim Crow laws, poll taxes, and voter intimidation intensified as the Reconstruction era ended.
Stone was accused of graft while in office, but was cleared of charges he was bribed to oppose Reconstruction measures.

</doc>
<doc id="56868966" url="?curid=56868966" title="Neurosignals">
Neurosignals


</doc>
<doc id="56868968" url="?curid=56868968" title="Harnek Singh">
Harnek Singh

Harnek Singh is an Indian athlete. He is known as Subedar Harnek Singh Brar. He lives in Kot Sukiha Village Faridkot, Punjab, India.
He belongs to Jatt Sikh Brar Family.
Early life.
He was born in 1935. He served in the Indian Army.
Career.
He joined Athletics in the Army and won a Gold Medal in Edenberg and medals in England, Scotland, Germany, Singapore, Hong Kong and in Thailand. After winning the Gold Medal he earned Arjuna Award in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="56868971" url="?curid=56868971" title="Obesity Facts">
Obesity Facts


</doc>
<doc id="56868972" url="?curid=56868972" title="Oncology (journal)">
Oncology (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868973" url="?curid=56868973" title="Onkologie">
Onkologie


</doc>
<doc id="56868974" url="?curid=56868974" title="Ophthalmic Research">
Ophthalmic Research


</doc>
<doc id="56868975" url="?curid=56868975" title="Ophthalmologica">
Ophthalmologica


</doc>
<doc id="56868976" url="?curid=56868976" title="ORL (journal)">
ORL (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868977" url="?curid=56868977" title="Pancreatology">
Pancreatology


</doc>
<doc id="56868978" url="?curid=56868978" title="Pathobiology (journal)">
Pathobiology (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868979" url="?curid=56868979" title="Pathophysiology of Haemostasis and Thrombosis">
Pathophysiology of Haemostasis and Thrombosis


</doc>
<doc id="56868980" url="?curid=56868980" title="Pediatric Neurosurgery (journal)">
Pediatric Neurosurgery (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868981" url="?curid=56868981" title="Pharmacology (journal)">
Pharmacology (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868982" url="?curid=56868982" title="Public Health Genomics (journal)">
Public Health Genomics (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868983" url="?curid=56868983" title="Respiration (journal)">
Respiration (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56868984" url="?curid=56868984" title="Schweizerische Zeitschrift für Ganzheitsmedizin">
Schweizerische Zeitschrift für Ganzheitsmedizin


</doc>
<doc id="56868987" url="?curid=56868987" title="William A. Guilford">
William A. Guilford


</doc>
<doc id="56868988" url="?curid=56868988" title="Ratan Lal Nath">
Ratan Lal Nath

Ratan Lal Nath is an Indian politician from Tripura. He is the Minister of school education, higher education, law, parliamentary affairs, welfare of OBCs and minority in Biplab Kumar Deb ministry.
He joined BJP in 2017 after leaving National Congress.He became the MLA from Mohanpur Constituency by defeating CPI(M) Candidate Subash Chandra Debnath by a margin of 5,176 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="56868989" url="?curid=56868989" title="Swiss Journal of Integrative Medicine">
Swiss Journal of Integrative Medicine


</doc>
<doc id="56868990" url="?curid=56868990" title="Sexual Development">
Sexual Development


</doc>
<doc id="56868991" url="?curid=56868991" title="Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery">
Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery


</doc>
<doc id="56868992" url="?curid=56868992" title="Transfusion Medicine and Hemotherapy">
Transfusion Medicine and Hemotherapy


</doc>
<doc id="56868993" url="?curid=56868993" title="Catman (comics)">
Catman (comics)


</doc>
<doc id="56868994" url="?curid=56868994" title="Urologia Internationalis">
Urologia Internationalis


</doc>
<doc id="56868996" url="?curid=56868996" title="Verhaltenstherapie">
Verhaltenstherapie


</doc>
<doc id="56868997" url="?curid=56868997" title="Viszeralmedizin">
Viszeralmedizin


</doc>
<doc id="56869000" url="?curid=56869000" title="Cardiologia">
Cardiologia


</doc>
<doc id="56869001" url="?curid=56869001" title="Heart Drug">
Heart Drug


</doc>
<doc id="56869002" url="?curid=56869002" title="Chuchel (game)">
Chuchel (game)


</doc>
<doc id="56869004" url="?curid=56869004" title="List of Limonia species">
List of Limonia species

This is a list of 436 species in "Limonia", a genus of limoniid crane flies in the family Limoniidae.
"Limonia" species.
Species with uncertain placement in Limonia

</doc>
<doc id="56869008" url="?curid=56869008" title="Cardiologia (Basel)">
Cardiologia (Basel)


</doc>
<doc id="56869018" url="?curid=56869018" title="Joel Fido Martínez">
Joel Fido Martínez


</doc>
<doc id="56869028" url="?curid=56869028" title="Wine of Morning">
Wine of Morning

Wine of Morning is a 1955 American film directed by Katherine Stenholm and starring Al Carter, Joan DeVolk, and Katherine Helmond. It has Barabbas as the subject, who was pardoned according to the Biblical report in place of Jesus Christ by Pontius Pilate.
The film is based on the novel "Wine of Morning" by Bob Jones Jr.
Plot.
On a stormy voyage Barabbas writes a letter to his friend Stephen and remembers his time in Galilean Nazareth.
There he is friends with the carpenter Josef and his son Jesus . One day he meets Irene, the future bride of his friend Stephanus, and falls in love with her. On Stephanus' and Irene's wedding in Cana, the wine goes out surprisingly. Mary asks Jesus for help, who then turns water into wine.
A little later, Joel decides to leave Nazareth and go to Capernaum. There he visits his friends Sarah and Jonathan and their son Dismas. Jonathan has been paralyzed, so Joel and Dismas supports Jonathan's business. He meets the rabid tax collector Levi and notes bitterly the oppression of the Jews by the Romans. While Joel would like to fight, Jonathan is waiting for salvation from God.
After Dismas one day watched with enthusiasm a demon exorcism by Jesus, he and Joel also bring Jonathan to Jesus. They let Jonathan down through the ceiling of the house to Jesus; Jonathan is healed.
In the meantime, Joel meets the stranger Omah, whose family was cruelly killed by the Romans. Omah takes Joel to Jesus; but to Joel's disappointment, Jesus does not choose him as a disciple. Omah recruits Joel for an underground movement fighting for the liberation of Israel.
In Jerusalem, Joel meets Prince Manean and is educated by him for six months. While performing a mission, he saves the Egyptian dancer Myra from the advances of Manean's servant Toron. Joel and Myra fall in love.
Manean plans an action against the Romans for the approaching Passover celebration . He gives Joel the name Barabbas, as he proposes to rob the necessary money from the expected pilgrims. A little later, Dismas also joins the group around Manean.
When Toron betrays Barabbas to the Romans, Barabbas escapes and kills Toron. Myra suggests Manean use Toron's funeral to escape together. Soon Barabbas is wanted by the Romans as a robber. A little later, Barabbas is caught in a robbery; Myra is coming.
At the same time, Pontius Pilate is presented Jesus as a prisoner accused of blasphemy. Pilate can not blame him, but the people demand Jesus' crucifixion. Pilate leaves the people the choice of whether to pardon Jesus or Barabbas on the occasion of the Passover feast; the people choose Barabbas. Finally, Pilate gives in to the people and condemns Jesus; Barabbas' accomplices Gestas and Dismas are crucified together with Jesus. Shaken, Barabbas follows Jesus' crucifixion on Golgotha . Jesus is mocked by those present; only Dismas holds to him.
After Barabbas' ship is shipwrecked during the storm, Barabbas is taken to Irene, who now has a son named Joel. Irene tells Barabbas of Jesus' resurrection and ascension. She and Stephen were later baptized; Stephen was stoned by the Romans for his faith. Shortly before leaving, Barabbas Irene admits that he once loved her.
In Antioch, Barabbas meets Manean, who has converted to Christianity; Barabbas also becomes a Christian. On his journey with Paul Barabbas is arrested and imprisoned. On the occasion of the death of King Herod Agrippa Barabbas has the prospect of being pardoned.
Production.
The film was created with the participation of students and staff of Bob Jones University. The basis was the novel "Wine of Morning" of the University President, Bob Jones, Jr., 1950, who had long been planning to write a novel about Barabbas, but did not find the time to write until a pleurisy forced him into the hospital bed for two months. Six months later, the novel was completed. The novel was finally filmed by Unusual Films; Bob Jones Jr. took over the role of Pontius Pilatus.
"Wine of Morning" was featured at the International Congress of Motion's Picture and Television School Directors at the Cannes International Film Festival. It was the first film to win the four major awards from the "National Evangelical Film Foundation".
"Wine of Morning" was Katherine Helmond's film debut.
External links.
Wine of Morning in the Internet Movie Database (English)
Wine of Morning on www.unusualfilms.com

</doc>
<doc id="56869030" url="?curid=56869030" title="Monatsschrift für Psychiatrie und Neurologie">
Monatsschrift für Psychiatrie und Neurologie


</doc>
<doc id="56869031" url="?curid=56869031" title="Monatsschrift Psychiatr. Neurol.">
Monatsschrift Psychiatr. Neurol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869032" url="?curid=56869032" title="Monatsschrift Psychiatr Neurol">
Monatsschrift Psychiatr Neurol


</doc>
<doc id="56869039" url="?curid=56869039" title="Hormone Research">
Hormone Research


</doc>
<doc id="56869040" url="?curid=56869040" title="Hormones (journal)">
Hormones (journal)


</doc>
<doc id="56869043" url="?curid=56869043" title="Ban Noen, Bangkok">
Ban Noen, Bangkok

Ban Noen (, ; lit: "slope county") is a historic neighbourhood and road junction in Siri Rat and Ban Chang Lo subdistricts, Bangkok Noi district, Thonburi side, Bangkok. It is the three-way of Itsaraphap, Rot Fai and Sutthawat roads, and it is also the end of the Itsaraphap road.
History.
The name "Ban Noen" originated from "Ban Noen-Khai Luang" (บ้านเนิน-ค่ายหลวง), dating to the Thonburi period (1767–82), people in this area have careers making "Khong wong" (ฆ้องวง), Thai musical instruments that are made from metal by a casting and forgings method. "Khong wong" from Ban Noen are well known that good quality and reverberate. In addition, not far from here is also the location of another community is "Ban Bu" (บ้านบุ), a community with a bronze work casting career. It is located on south bank of Khlong Bangkok Noi (Bangkok Noi canal) and during World War II, it is the only community of Thonburi side adjacent to the Imperial Japanese Army base. It was often bombed by Allied planes at night.
The people who lived near Ban Noen in the past, have careers making "Khao maomai" (ข้าวเม่าหมี่) (an old fashioned pounded unripe rice snack), a kind of traditional Thai snack since ancient times. At present, they have a career of "Kalamae" (กะละแม; Thai version of "dodol") and "Khaoniao daeng" (ข้าวเหนียวแดง; whole grain sticky rice cooked with sugar in various ways), which is the main food used in Songkran festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56869047" url="?curid=56869047" title="Biol. Neonatorum">
Biol. Neonatorum


</doc>
<doc id="56869048" url="?curid=56869048" title="Biol Neonatorum">
Biol Neonatorum


</doc>
<doc id="56869049" url="?curid=56869049" title="Biol. Neonate">
Biol. Neonate


</doc>
<doc id="56869050" url="?curid=56869050" title="Biol Neonate">
Biol Neonate


</doc>
<doc id="56869051" url="?curid=56869051" title="Ban Noen Junction">
Ban Noen Junction


</doc>
<doc id="56869055" url="?curid=56869055" title="Ban Noen Intersection">
Ban Noen Intersection


</doc>
<doc id="56869056" url="?curid=56869056" title="Acta Psychother. Psychosom.">
Acta Psychother. Psychosom.


</doc>
<doc id="56869057" url="?curid=56869057" title="Acta Psychother Psychosom">
Acta Psychother Psychosom


</doc>
<doc id="56869059" url="?curid=56869059" title="Skin Pharmacol Physiol">
Skin Pharmacol Physiol


</doc>
<doc id="56869068" url="?curid=56869068" title="Malcolm Claiborne">
Malcolm Claiborne

Malcolm Claiborne (1838–1870), sometimes spelled Claiborn, was an elected representative in the Georgia Legislature. An African American, he along with 25 of 29 African Americans elected in Georgia in 1868 were denied seats by their white colleagues. After federal intervention they were allowed to take office in 1870. Claiborne was shot and killed the same year in a dispute with the messenger sent by the Georgia House, Moses H. Bentley, who had been a black delegate to the Constitutional Convention, in a heated dispute over the pay of House pages. Claiborne is believed to be buried at the Oakland Cemetery (Atlanta), although the exact location of his grave is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="56869082" url="?curid=56869082" title="Digital Filmmakers Forum">
Digital Filmmakers Forum


</doc>
<doc id="56869087" url="?curid=56869087" title="Antonius Tom Holkenborg">
Antonius Tom Holkenborg


</doc>
<doc id="56869091" url="?curid=56869091" title="Kempegowda Award">
Kempegowda Award

The Kempegowda Award or Nadaprabhu Kempegowda Award is a civilian award presented annually by Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.
The award nomination is based on the notable contributions of civilians, in the field of medicine, education, media, sports, theatre, film, literature, environment, folklore, music, dance, yogasana, judiciary, journalism, culture, photography, social service, astrology and painting.
On 16 August 2018, more than 250 people with notable achievements are presented the award, in the ceremony held in Dr.Rajkumar Glasshouse, BBMP Office, Bangalore.
History.
The award is named after the feudatory ruler of Vijayanagara Empire, Nadaprabhu Hiriya Kempe Gowda, who built the city of Bengaluru in 1537. The award ceremony is organized annually, in April, on the eve of Kempegowda's birthday, which is seen in the state as Kempegowda day or "′Kempegowda Jayanthi′" which is on 27 June. The award presentation was temporarily paused in 2007, and after a gap of four years, it was reinitiated in 2011.
2017.
On 11 April 244 people were awarded in the ceremony, where Karaga was also held. BBMP decided to award all its permanent employees with the "′Civic service employees' award′."
2016.
On 22 April 162 people were presented the award, in the ceremony.
2015.
On 4 April, the ceremony was held and 94 people were awarded.
2014.
187 people were awarded including a cash prize of ₹12,000.
2013.
109 people were awarded including a cash prize of ₹15,000.
2012.
50 people were awarded including a cash prize of ₹25,000.
2011.
274 people were awarded including a cash prize of ₹20,000.
Kempegowda Awardees List of Year 2018.
Gireesha yadava.a.m social worker

</doc>
<doc id="56869092" url="?curid=56869092" title="St. Patrick's Church (Washington, D.C.)">
St. Patrick's Church (Washington, D.C.)


</doc>
<doc id="56869095" url="?curid=56869095" title="OTR II">
OTR II


</doc>
<doc id="56869096" url="?curid=56869096" title="Chewara">
Chewara

Chewara is a Block/village in Sheikhpura district of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="56869103" url="?curid=56869103" title="Kirk (Parish), New South Wales">
Kirk (Parish), New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56869106" url="?curid=56869106" title="MV Celestyal Odyssey">
MV Celestyal Odyssey


</doc>
<doc id="56869110" url="?curid=56869110" title="Acta Cytol.">
Acta Cytol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869111" url="?curid=56869111" title="Acta Cytol">
Acta Cytol


</doc>
<doc id="56869112" url="?curid=56869112" title="Acta Haematol.">
Acta Haematol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869113" url="?curid=56869113" title="Acta Haematol">
Acta Haematol


</doc>
<doc id="56869114" url="?curid=56869114" title="Am. J. Nephrol.">
Am. J. Nephrol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869116" url="?curid=56869116" title="Am J Nephrol">
Am J Nephrol


</doc>
<doc id="56869117" url="?curid=56869117" title="Ann. Nestlé">
Ann. Nestlé


</doc>
<doc id="56869118" url="?curid=56869118" title="Ann Nestlé">
Ann Nestlé


</doc>
<doc id="56869119" url="?curid=56869119" title="Ann. Nutr. Metab.">
Ann. Nutr. Metab.


</doc>
<doc id="56869120" url="?curid=56869120" title="Ann Nutr Metab">
Ann Nutr Metab


</doc>
<doc id="56869121" url="?curid=56869121" title="Audiol. Neurotol.">
Audiol. Neurotol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869122" url="?curid=56869122" title="Audiol Neurotol">
Audiol Neurotol


</doc>
<doc id="56869123" url="?curid=56869123" title="Blood Purif.">
Blood Purif.


</doc>
<doc id="56869124" url="?curid=56869124" title="Blood Purif">
Blood Purif


</doc>
<doc id="56869125" url="?curid=56869125" title="Cardiorenal Med.">
Cardiorenal Med.


</doc>
<doc id="56869126" url="?curid=56869126" title="Cardiorenal Med">
Cardiorenal Med


</doc>
<doc id="56869127" url="?curid=56869127" title="Caries Res.">
Caries Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869128" url="?curid=56869128" title="Caries Res">
Caries Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869134" url="?curid=56869134" title="Survey Park">
Survey Park

Survey Park is a neighbourhood within the Santoshpur area of East Kolkata in Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography.
Police district.
Survey Park police station is part of the East division of Kolkata Police. It is located at Ground Floor, D50/2, Near Sammilani Mahavidyalaya, East Rajapur, Santoshpur, Kolkata, West Bengal 700075.
Jadavpur, Thakurpukur, Behala, Purba Jadavpur, Tiljala, Regent Park, Metiabruz, Nadial and Kasba police stations were transferred from South 24 Parganas to Kolkata in 2011. Except Metiabruz, all the police stations were split into two. The new police stations are Parnasree, Haridevpur, Garfa, Patuli, Survey Park, Pragati Maidan, Bansdroni and Rajabagan.
Transport.
Jyotirindra Nath Nandi metro station and Satyajit Ray metro station, under construction on the Kavi Subhas-Biman Bandar route (Kolkata Metro Line 6), would serve Survey Park, Santoshpur and Ajoy Nagar areas lying close to the E.M. Bypass section of the city.
Sports.
Kishore Bharati Krirangan, also called Jadavpur Stadium, is a multi-purpose sports facility, used mainly for football matches. It has a seating capacity of 12,000. 
 It is currently under renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="56869136" url="?curid=56869136" title="Three central ministries and the six boards">
Three central ministries and the six boards


</doc>
<doc id="56869137" url="?curid=56869137" title="Case Rep. Dermatol.">
Case Rep. Dermatol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869138" url="?curid=56869138" title="Case Rep Dermatol">
Case Rep Dermatol


</doc>
<doc id="56869139" url="?curid=56869139" title="Case Rep. Gastroenterol.">
Case Rep. Gastroenterol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869140" url="?curid=56869140" title="Case Rep Gastroenterol">
Case Rep Gastroenterol


</doc>
<doc id="56869141" url="?curid=56869141" title="Case Rep. Neurol.">
Case Rep. Neurol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869142" url="?curid=56869142" title="Case Rep Neurol">
Case Rep Neurol


</doc>
<doc id="56869143" url="?curid=56869143" title="Case Rep. Oncol.">
Case Rep. Oncol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869144" url="?curid=56869144" title="Case Rep Oncol">
Case Rep Oncol


</doc>
<doc id="56869146" url="?curid=56869146" title="Case Rep. Ophthalmol.">
Case Rep. Ophthalmol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869147" url="?curid=56869147" title="Case Rep Ophthalmol">
Case Rep Ophthalmol


</doc>
<doc id="56869148" url="?curid=56869148" title="Case Rep. Virol. Infect. Dis.">
Case Rep. Virol. Infect. Dis.


</doc>
<doc id="56869149" url="?curid=56869149" title="Case Rep Virol Infect Dis">
Case Rep Virol Infect Dis


</doc>
<doc id="56869150" url="?curid=56869150" title="Cell. Physiol. Biochem.">
Cell. Physiol. Biochem.


</doc>
<doc id="56869151" url="?curid=56869151" title="Cell Physiol Biochem">
Cell Physiol Biochem


</doc>
<doc id="56869152" url="?curid=56869152" title="Curr. Urol.">
Curr. Urol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869153" url="?curid=56869153" title="Curr Urol">
Curr Urol


</doc>
<doc id="56869155" url="?curid=56869155" title="Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord.">
Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord.


</doc>
<doc id="56869156" url="?curid=56869156" title="Dement Geriatr Cogn Disord">
Dement Geriatr Cogn Disord


</doc>
<doc id="56869157" url="?curid=56869157" title="Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord. Extra">
Dement. Geriatr. Cogn. Disord. Extra


</doc>
<doc id="56869158" url="?curid=56869158" title="Dement Geriatr Cogn Disord Extra">
Dement Geriatr Cogn Disord Extra


</doc>
<doc id="56869164" url="?curid=56869164" title="List of Human Transcription Factors">
List of Human Transcription Factors


</doc>
<doc id="56869167" url="?curid=56869167" title="Dev. Neurosci.">
Dev. Neurosci.


</doc>
<doc id="56869168" url="?curid=56869168" title="Dev Neurosci">
Dev Neurosci


</doc>
<doc id="56869169" url="?curid=56869169" title="Dig. Dis.">
Dig. Dis.


</doc>
<doc id="56869170" url="?curid=56869170" title="Dig Dis">
Dig Dis


</doc>
<doc id="56869171" url="?curid=56869171" title="Dig. Surg.">
Dig. Surg.


</doc>
<doc id="56869172" url="?curid=56869172" title="Dig Surg">
Dig Surg


</doc>
<doc id="56869173" url="?curid=56869173" title="Eur. Surg. Res.">
Eur. Surg. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869174" url="?curid=56869174" title="Eur Surg Res">
Eur Surg Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869175" url="?curid=56869175" title="Fetal Diagn. Ther.">
Fetal Diagn. Ther.


</doc>
<doc id="56869176" url="?curid=56869176" title="Fetal Diagn Ther">
Fetal Diagn Ther


</doc>
<doc id="56869177" url="?curid=56869177" title="Folia Phoniatr. Logop.">
Folia Phoniatr. Logop.


</doc>
<doc id="56869178" url="?curid=56869178" title="Folia Phoniatr Logop">
Folia Phoniatr Logop


</doc>
<doc id="56869179" url="?curid=56869179" title="Food Sci. Technol. Res.">
Food Sci. Technol. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869180" url="?curid=56869180" title="Food Sci Technol Res">
Food Sci Technol Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869181" url="?curid=56869181" title="Gynäkol.-geburtshilfliche Rundsch.">
Gynäkol.-geburtshilfliche Rundsch.


</doc>
<doc id="56869182" url="?curid=56869182" title="Gynäkol-geburtshilfliche Rundsch">
Gynäkol-geburtshilfliche Rundsch


</doc>
<doc id="56869188" url="?curid=56869188" title="Gynecol. Obstet. Investig.">
Gynecol. Obstet. Investig.


</doc>
<doc id="56869190" url="?curid=56869190" title="Gynecol Obstet Investig">
Gynecol Obstet Investig


</doc>
<doc id="56869191" url="?curid=56869191" title="Hum. Dev.">
Hum. Dev.


</doc>
<doc id="56869192" url="?curid=56869192" title="Hum Dev">
Hum Dev


</doc>
<doc id="56869193" url="?curid=56869193" title="Hum. Hered.">
Hum. Hered.


</doc>
<doc id="56869194" url="?curid=56869194" title="Hum Hered">
Hum Hered


</doc>
<doc id="56869195" url="?curid=56869195" title="Int. Arch. Allergy Immunol.">
Int. Arch. Allergy Immunol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869196" url="?curid=56869196" title="Int Arch Allergy Immunol">
Int Arch Allergy Immunol


</doc>
<doc id="56869197" url="?curid=56869197" title="J. Innate Immun.">
J. Innate Immun.


</doc>
<doc id="56869198" url="?curid=56869198" title="J Innate Immun">
J Innate Immun


</doc>
<doc id="56869199" url="?curid=56869199" title="J. Mol. Microbiol. Biotechnol.">
J. Mol. Microbiol. Biotechnol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869200" url="?curid=56869200" title="J Mol Microbiol Biotechnol">
J Mol Microbiol Biotechnol


</doc>
<doc id="56869201" url="?curid=56869201" title="J. Nutr. Nutr.">
J. Nutr. Nutr.


</doc>
<doc id="56869202" url="?curid=56869202" title="J Nutr Nutr">
J Nutr Nutr


</doc>
<doc id="56869203" url="?curid=56869203" title="J. Vasc. Res.">
J. Vasc. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869204" url="?curid=56869204" title="J Vasc Res">
J Vasc Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869205" url="?curid=56869205" title="Kidney Blood Press. Res.">
Kidney Blood Press. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869206" url="?curid=56869206" title="Kidney Blood Press Res">
Kidney Blood Press Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869207" url="?curid=56869207" title="Med. Princ. Pract.">
Med. Princ. Pract.


</doc>
<doc id="56869209" url="?curid=56869209" title="Med Princ Pract">
Med Princ Pract


</doc>
<doc id="56869210" url="?curid=56869210" title="Narf (singer)">
Narf (singer)

Francisco Xavier Pérez Vázquez (24 April 1968 – 15 November 2016), best known as Narf, and, firstly, as a member of the bands "Os Quinindiolas" and "Nicho Varullo", in the theatrical company "Chévere" and posteriorly in "Psicofónica de Conxo", unically as Fran Pérez, was a Galician singer and songwriter, which sought to incorporate diverse musical genres to rock structure.
Narf was first featured as a soundtrack composer, combining this aspect with the acting one in different theatre roles. He also collaborated with many other artists, taking his music around the world, championing his compromise with Galician culture, nonetheless feeling profound affinity with African music.

</doc>
<doc id="56869213" url="?curid=56869213" title="Mol. Syndromol.">
Mol. Syndromol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869214" url="?curid=56869214" title="Mol Syndromol">
Mol Syndromol


</doc>
<doc id="56869215" url="?curid=56869215" title="Nephron Clin. Pract.">
Nephron Clin. Pract.


</doc>
<doc id="56869216" url="?curid=56869216" title="Nephron Clin Pract">
Nephron Clin Pract


</doc>
<doc id="56869217" url="?curid=56869217" title="Nephron Exp. Nephrol.">
Nephron Exp. Nephrol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869218" url="?curid=56869218" title="Nephron Exp Nephrol">
Nephron Exp Nephrol


</doc>
<doc id="56869219" url="?curid=56869219" title="Nephron Physiol.">
Nephron Physiol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869220" url="?curid=56869220" title="Nephron Physiol">
Nephron Physiol


</doc>
<doc id="56869221" url="?curid=56869221" title="Neurodegener. Dis.">
Neurodegener. Dis.


</doc>
<doc id="56869222" url="?curid=56869222" title="Neurodegener Dis">
Neurodegener Dis


</doc>
<doc id="56869223" url="?curid=56869223" title="Neuroembryology Aging">
Neuroembryology Aging


</doc>
<doc id="56869227" url="?curid=56869227" title="Elder Parish, New South Wales">
Elder Parish, New South Wales

Located at 30°43′10″S 143°06′00″E, Elder, New South Wales is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yungnulgra County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Parish an arid landscape. The nearest town is Whitecliffs 2 km to the south.
Climate.
The parish has extremely hot summers and mild winters. Summers would usually exceed 36°C. Winters are usually around 17 °C. The annual average rainfall is which would make it a semi-arid climate except that its high evapotranspiration, or its aridity, makes it a desert climate. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). is almost unpopulated, with less than two inhabitants per square kilometer.

</doc>
<doc id="56869228" url="?curid=56869228" title="Obes. Facts">
Obes. Facts


</doc>
<doc id="56869229" url="?curid=56869229" title="Obes Facts">
Obes Facts


</doc>
<doc id="56869230" url="?curid=56869230" title="Ophthalmic Res.">
Ophthalmic Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869231" url="?curid=56869231" title="Ophthalmic Res">
Ophthalmic Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869232" url="?curid=56869232" title="Pathophysiol. Haemost. Thromb.">
Pathophysiol. Haemost. Thromb.


</doc>
<doc id="56869233" url="?curid=56869233" title="Pathophysiol Haemost Thromb">
Pathophysiol Haemost Thromb


</doc>
<doc id="56869235" url="?curid=56869235" title="Pediatr. Neurosurg.">
Pediatr. Neurosurg.


</doc>
<doc id="56869236" url="?curid=56869236" title="Public Health Genom.">
Public Health Genom.


</doc>
<doc id="56869237" url="?curid=56869237" title="Public Health Genom">
Public Health Genom


</doc>
<doc id="56869238" url="?curid=56869238" title="Schweiz. Z. Ganzheitsmed.">
Schweiz. Z. Ganzheitsmed.


</doc>
<doc id="56869239" url="?curid=56869239" title="Schweiz Z Ganzheitsmed">
Schweiz Z Ganzheitsmed


</doc>
<doc id="56869240" url="?curid=56869240" title="Swiss J. Integr. Med.">
Swiss J. Integr. Med.


</doc>
<doc id="56869242" url="?curid=56869242" title="Swiss J Integr Med">
Swiss J Integr Med


</doc>
<doc id="56869243" url="?curid=56869243" title="Sex. Dev.">
Sex. Dev.


</doc>
<doc id="56869244" url="?curid=56869244" title="Sex Dev">
Sex Dev


</doc>
<doc id="56869245" url="?curid=56869245" title="Stereotact. Funct. Neurosurg.">
Stereotact. Funct. Neurosurg.


</doc>
<doc id="56869247" url="?curid=56869247" title="Stereotact Funct Neurosurg">
Stereotact Funct Neurosurg


</doc>
<doc id="56869248" url="?curid=56869248" title="Transfus. Med. Hemotherapy">
Transfus. Med. Hemotherapy


</doc>
<doc id="56869249" url="?curid=56869249" title="Transfus Med Hemotherapy">
Transfus Med Hemotherapy


</doc>
<doc id="56869250" url="?curid=56869250" title="Urol. Int.">
Urol. Int.


</doc>
<doc id="56869252" url="?curid=56869252" title="Urol Int">
Urol Int


</doc>
<doc id="56869258" url="?curid=56869258" title="Francisco Xavier Pérez Vázquez">
Francisco Xavier Pérez Vázquez


</doc>
<doc id="56869260" url="?curid=56869260" title="FC Kerala">
FC Kerala

FC Kerala is an Indian professional football club based in Thrissur, Kerala. The club made its debut in national level football through the I-League 2nd Division in 2017–18. They also compete in the Kerala Premier League.
Name.
FC Kerala is a crowd-funded venture that started in 2014 with aim of reaching out to football fans in the state better than predecessors who hit financial crisis. The name FC Kerala was set up to make it "Kerala's own club". Narayana Menon, CEO of the club said that its main aim is to become "Football team of the people."
History.
FC Kerala, formed in 2014, began its journey by playing in Kerala Premier League, a professional league organised by Kerala Football Association. 
After three years, the club made its debut in I-League 2nd Division. FC Kerala claimed victory in the first match after overcoming Fateh Hyderabad 2–1.
In the 2019–20 2nd Division League, FC Kerala played 7 matches in group C and earned 9 points, but later pulled out to financial crisis.
Stadium.
FC Kerala uses the Thrissur Municipal Corporation Stadium as their home ground. It has artificial turf and seating capacity of 15,000 spectators. Opened in 1978, it is commonly known as "Palace Stadium" or "TMC Stadium".
Fans.
A recognised Thrissur-based fan club by the name Red Warriors has been in support since 2017. The Municipal Corporation Stadium has seen an average attendance close to 15,000.
Youth programmes.
In 2020, FC Kerala announced that they are opening a residential Football Academy in Thrissur. Currently, the club runs a Soccer School in Thrissur, where close to 800 children, aged between 5 and 20, train under the guidance of India's finest football coaches.
With the launch of Residential Academy, FC Kerala gives the chances to youth players to be associated with the professional way of the FC Kerala family. FC Kerala also aims at personality development of the players thus moulding them as future citizens.
The club's U-13, U-15 and U-18 teams have participated in the respective AIFF Youth I-League tournaments, while the U-9, U-10, &amp; U-11 play in the regional AIFF Baby League tournaments.
The youth teams (various age divisions) of FC Kerala play at the Thrissur Corporation Stadium, St. Alosius School Ground and Sri Kerala Varma College Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="56869268" url="?curid=56869268" title="Give Our Strays A Chance">
Give Our Strays A Chance

Give Our Strays A Chance (Acronym GOSAC) is an organisation founded in 2013 by a Western Australian 10-year-old boy Dean Morris, for the purpose of raising awareness of animal rescue and raising donations for animal shelters and pounds.
Getting Australian and international businesses on board together with local communities and the media, GOSAC has saved many stray animals and raised hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations.
Over holiday seasons, GOSAC assists the homeless feed and care for their pets
During bush fire seasons, including the 2021 Wooroloo Bushfire in Western Australia, GOSAC collected and delivered surgical and medical supplies to wildlife animal rescues. GOSAC also provided over 2 tonnes of wildlife food for the animals returning to the fire grounds.
Through COVID-19, GOSAC has partnered with ARC (Animal Rescue Cooperative) and Petbarn Foundation to work on the Act Of Kindness project, helping struggling Australian families feed their pets. 
As local borders closed within Western Australia, GOSAC delivered donations to remote animal rescues who were stranded without supplies. It was named "Operation Narrogin".
Founding.
In 2013 Dean Morris rescued his dog "Hooch" from a country pound. Wanting to donate all his savings, Dean made his way to the pound where he encountered the confronting reality of stray animals.
Every year over 250,000 cats and dogs are euthanised in Australia, Dean was determined to do something about it. 
As part of his school project at the Gifted and Talented program, Dean created GOSAC - Give Our Strays A Chance.
Events.
GOSAC Day.
A regular GOSAC fundraising event at shopping centres such as Forest Lakes Shopping Centre and Halls Head Central in Western Australia, where the community comes together to raise awareness and donations for the strays.,
Kelmscott Show and De Stress Day.
GOSAC has been participating in the University of Western Australia's bi-annual De Stress day, where university students have the chance to adopt the strays, donate or volunteer to foster cats and dogs.
The West Australian Kelmscott Show invited GOSAC to take part in their 2017 and 2018 events. All strays were adopted and hundreds of dollars were donated on the day.
Success.
What started as a school project quickly snowballed into an award-winning, statewide success story. 
The community's support grew and with it Dean's ability to save more animals from euthanasia and drastically improve the conditions stray animals were kept at the animal shelters. 
Within 7 years GOSAC raised hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash and item donations while saving many stray animals' lives.
Following the success of GOSAC, schools around the world are drawing inspiration from the young boy's success, teaching students that even kids can make a difference.
In recognition of Dean's GOSAC work and his substantial contribution to animal welfare in Western Australia, he was appointed as an RSPCA WA Youth Ambassador. Subsequently, Dean has also won the first RSPCA WA Youth State Award for 2018.
Dean was a finalist for Channel 7 Young Achiever Award for Community Service and Volunteering as well as Leadership. He was also named a finalist for WA Youth Award.
In September 2020, Dean won Matt Keogh's Burt Award for his contribution to Animal Welfare as well as his work in the local and wider community Dean received the Australia Day Young Citizen of the Year Award for 2021

</doc>
<doc id="56869269" url="?curid=56869269" title="Dean Russell (priest)">
Dean Russell (priest)


</doc>
<doc id="56869271" url="?curid=56869271" title="Supervisory office for the State University">
Supervisory office for the State University


</doc>
<doc id="56869273" url="?curid=56869273" title="The Great Mixtape">
The Great Mixtape


</doc>
<doc id="56869274" url="?curid=56869274" title="HERoes Act 2">
HERoes Act 2


</doc>
<doc id="56869276" url="?curid=56869276" title="Birds and the BEE9">
Birds and the BEE9

Birds and the BEE9 is the second mixed tape by Zambian born, Australian singer/songwriter Sampa the Great. It was released in November 2017..
In February 2018, the album won the Australian Music Prize 2017.
Reception.
Kitty Empire from "The Guardian" said "Though swaggeringly up to date in places, her tracks sound far closer to Lauryn Hill than they do to 2017's breakout star Cardi B, nodding to reggae, soul and jazz. The complex question of identity keeps cropping up. 'How you supposed to be black down under?' Tembo wonders on 'Bye River'". Empire called the mixed tape "an intriguing appetiser".
Dan Webb from SunGenre said the album "shows great promise and moments of brilliance" but concluded with "...after repeat listens, we're still not entirely sure what to make of this album."

</doc>
<doc id="56869283" url="?curid=56869283" title="Sex Addict Compulsivity">
Sex Addict Compulsivity


</doc>
<doc id="56869284" url="?curid=56869284" title="Sex. Addict. Compulsivity">
Sex. Addict. Compulsivity


</doc>
<doc id="56869294" url="?curid=56869294" title="Volvo B8L">
Volvo B8L

The Volvo B8L is a 3-axle bus chassis, for double-decker buses, manufactured by Volvo Buses since 2018, with pre-production batches being produced as early as in 2016.
History.
In 2017, two pre-production Volvo B8Ls were completed; one with a Wright Eclipse Gemini 2 body that entered service with Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB) in Hong Kong (Registered as UU8290, fleet number AVBWL1) and a Wright Gemini 3 bodied example with SBS Transit in Singapore (registered as SG4003D).
The B8L was officially launched in January 2018 as a replacement for the Volvo B9TL. A MCV EvoSeti bodied example of Kowloon Motor Bus completed Motor Vehicle Examination and tilt test in early 2018. The MCV bodied B8L was registered in March 2019 as WA756 with fleet number AVBML1. Another MCV bodied B8L was arrived to Hong Kong in April 2019 and was registered in December 2019 as WM5028 with fleet number AVBML2.
In October 2018, orders for 213 Wrightbus bodied examples for Hong Kong were announced, 46 for Citybus, 150 for KMB, 10 for Long Win Bus and seven for New World First Bus. This was followed in November with an announcement of 42 Alexander Dennis Enviro400XLB-bodied vehicles for Lothian Buses, Scotland with a subsequent order for another 36 vehicles bringing their total to 78.
In October 2019, KMB ordered 110 MCV bodied B8Ls, the first batch of B8Ls to be 12.8m in length. Some of these have been shipped to Hong Kong as of July 2020, and entered service in October 2020.
In November 2019, Prasarana Malaysia ordered 90 Gemilang bodied B8L's for Rapid Bus as part of fleet replacement programme. The first 3 buses, registered as VEN634, VEN1373 and VEN9768 entered service with RapidKL on 1 June 2020, with the remaining units to be delivered and operated in stages.
In April 2020, the SBST B8L was rumoured to have been returned to Volvo as sometime during the month the bus went missing.
In January 2021, Long Win Bus issued a contract to Volvo Buses Hong Kong. The contract stated that the ten B8Ls in Long Win Bus's possession will have their luggage racks removed and six extra seats installed. In addition these buses with be re-painted with KMB's livery and transferred to KMB service. This is done due to Long Win Bus reaching its maximum number of buses in operation and the drastic decrease in the number of passengers going from the New Territories to the Hong Kong International Airport, of which this service is the sole franchise Long Win Bus has, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As of August 2020, 159 Volvo B8Ls are in service with KMB, 23 are in service with Citybus (Fleet numbers 8800-8822), 7 are in service with NWFB (Fleet numbers 5230-5236) and 10 are in service with RapidKL.

</doc>
<doc id="56869295" url="?curid=56869295" title="National Junior Art Honor Society">
National Junior Art Honor Society

The National Junior Art Honor Society (NJAHS) was established in the United States in 1989 by the National Art Education Association (NEAE) for middle school students in grades 6-8. Its purpose is to help recognize and inspire interested students to do more with their creative ability. It also motivates students to join the National Art Honor Society in high school.
Members of this honor society can submit their own artwork for the NAHS/NJAHS Juried Exhibition at the NAEA Studio &amp; Gallery and can also be published in "NAHS News". Students also gain leadership opportunities and overall growth, which can help them with preparation for other responsibilities later in life.

</doc>
<doc id="56869297" url="?curid=56869297" title="Woondum">
Woondum

Woondum is a rural locality in the Gympie Region, Queensland, Australia. In the Woondum had a population of 80 people.
Geography.
Woondum lies to the south-west of Gympie. The western part of locality is relatively undeveloped land and is mountainous (rising to 150 metres about sea level); most of this land is part of the Woondum State Forest. The eastern part of the locality is flatter land (approx 60–70 metres above sea level) and developed as farmland. There are a number of creeks running through the locality which is part of the Mary River drainage basin. Despite its name, the Woondum National Park is not in Woondum but is further east straddling Mothar Mountain and Kin Kin.
The North Coast railway line travels from south to north roughly separating the developed and undeveloped parts; the locality is served by the Woondum railway station. The Bruce Highway forms a short section of the locality's north-western boundary.
History.
"Woondum" is believed to be a Kabi language word, with "wun" meaning "blue tongue lizard" and "dan" meaning "place".
Land in Woondum was offered for selection on 5 January 1890 and by February 1891, ten farms had been established with a further two selected. Further areas were opened by for selection over the following years.
Woondum was one of 29 Village Settlements consisting of a centralised region allocated for housing surrounded by larger allotments for farming.
Woondum Provisional school opened about July 1899 and became Woondum State School on 1 January 1909. In 1913 it was renamed Ardonye State School. It closed and reopened in the early 1920s due to low students numbers, finally closing in January 1924.
A rifle club and rifle range were established in Woondum in 1912. Although rifle clubs were not part of the military, the military would often assist rifle clubs with training, supplying equipment and organising competitions, believing that it was beneficial for Australia's defence if local men become skilful at shooting.
In 1915, the Woondum railway station was upgraded to have a permanent staff of a station master and a night officer.
In 1929 it was decided to establish the Woondum State Forest rather than open up the area for banana farms. However in 1933, continued pressure resulted in some of the forest being offered up for banana farming.
In the Woondum had a population of 80 people.

</doc>
<doc id="56869300" url="?curid=56869300" title="Woondum, Queensland">
Woondum, Queensland


</doc>
<doc id="56869306" url="?curid=56869306" title="Frontiers of Gastrointestinal Research">
Frontiers of Gastrointestinal Research


</doc>
<doc id="56869307" url="?curid=56869307" title="Frontiers of Matrix Biology">
Frontiers of Matrix Biology


</doc>
<doc id="56869308" url="?curid=56869308" title="Acocera orbiculus">
Acocera orbiculus


</doc>
<doc id="56869310" url="?curid=56869310" title="Frontiers of Oral Physiology">
Frontiers of Oral Physiology


</doc>
<doc id="56869313" url="?curid=56869313" title="Banco de Bilbao">
Banco de Bilbao


</doc>
<doc id="56869316" url="?curid=56869316" title="Tseung Kwan O Football Training Centre">
Tseung Kwan O Football Training Centre


</doc>
<doc id="56869319" url="?curid=56869319" title="Front. Diabetes">
Front. Diabetes


</doc>
<doc id="56869320" url="?curid=56869320" title="Front Diabetes">
Front Diabetes


</doc>
<doc id="56869321" url="?curid=56869321" title="Front. Gastrointest. Res.">
Front. Gastrointest. Res.


</doc>
<doc id="56869322" url="?curid=56869322" title="Front Gastrointest Res">
Front Gastrointest Res


</doc>
<doc id="56869323" url="?curid=56869323" title="Front. Oral Physiol.">
Front. Oral Physiol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869324" url="?curid=56869324" title="Front Oral Physiol">
Front Oral Physiol


</doc>
<doc id="56869325" url="?curid=56869325" title="Front. Matrix Biol.">
Front. Matrix Biol.


</doc>
<doc id="56869326" url="?curid=56869326" title="Anjila Tumbapo Subba">
Anjila Tumbapo Subba

Anjila Tumbapo Subba (Nepali:एन्जिला तुम्बापो सुब्बा; born 28 May 1996) is a Nepali footballer who plays as a goal keeper for Armed Police Force and Nepali Women's National Team.
Early life.
Anjila Tumbapo Subba started playing football from the age of thirteen. She completed her +2 level from Siddartha Banasthali College and is currently enrolled in BBS degree in the same college. She started her career from Purbanchal Women's Football Team in 2011 from where she played some local tournaments. Her performance caught the eyes of various departmental sides which led the departmental sides to offer her a contract. Among the offer received she choose Armed Police Force – APF Women’s Football Team. She joined APF back in 2012 and now is first choice Goal Keeper of the Team.
Domestic career.
In domestic league, Anjila plays for Armed Police Force-APF Women's Football Team. She joined APF in 2012.  
International career.
She is currently considered as the first choice Goal Keeper of Nepal National Women's Football Team. She played her debut match for Nepal in 2014 SAFF Championship held in India.

</doc>
<doc id="56869327" url="?curid=56869327" title="Front Matrix Biol">
Front Matrix Biol


</doc>
<doc id="56869350" url="?curid=56869350" title="Safety sign">
Safety sign

Safety signs are a type of sign designed to warn of hazards, indicate mandatory actions or required use of Personal protective equipment, prohibit actions or objects, identify the location of firefighting or safety equipment, or marking of exit routes.
In addition to being encountered in industrial facilities; safety signs are also found in public places and communities, at electrical pylons and Electrical substations, cliffs, beaches, bodies of water, on motorized equipment, such as lawn mowers, and areas closed for construction or demolition.
History.
In the United States.
Early signs and ASA Z35.1.
One of the earliest attempts to standardize safety signage in the United States was the 
1914 "Universal Safety Standards". The signs were fairly simple in nature, consisting of an illuminated board with "DANGER" in white letters on a red field. An arrow was added to draw attention to the danger if it was less obvious. Signs indicating exits, first aid kits consisted of a green board, with white letters. The goal with signs was to inform briefly.
The next major standards to follow were ASA Z35.1 in 1941, which later revised in 1967 and 1968.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration devised their requirements from ASA Z35.1-1968 in the development of their rules, OSHA §1910.145 for the usage of safety signage
ANSI Z535.
In the 1980s, American National Standards Institute formed a committee to update the Z53 and Z35 standards. In 1991, ANSI Z535 was introduced, which was intended to modernize signage through increased use of symbols, the introduction of a new header, 'Warning' and requiring that wording not just state the hazard, but also the possible harm the hazard could inflict and how to avoid the hazard. Until 2013, OSHA regulations technically required usage of signage prescribed in OSHA §1910.145, based on the standard ASA Z35.1-1968. Regulation changes and clarification of the law now allow usage of signs complying with either OSHA §1910.145 or ANSI Z535 designs.
In Europe.
Prior to widespread globalization and adoption of standards from the ISO, most countries developed their own standards for safety signage. Text only signs were common prior to introduction of European Council Directive 77/576/EEC on 25 July 1977, which required member states to have policies in place to ensure that "safety signs at all places of work conform to the principles laid down in Annex I", which required color coding and symbols.
In 1992, the European Council Directive 92/58/EEC replaced EEC 77/576/EEC. The new directive included improved information on how to utilize safety signage effectively. Beyond safety signs, EEC Directive 92/58/EEC standardize markings for fire equipment, acoustic signals, verbal and hand signals for vehicle movements.
In 2013, the European Union adopted ISO 7010 to replace the symbols provided previously, adopting them as European Norm (EN) ISO 7010, standardizing symbols among the EU countries. Prior to this, while symbols were provided, symbols were permitted to vary in appearance "provided that they convey the same meaning and that no difference or adaptation obscures the meaning".
In Australia.
Australian safety signage started in 1952 as "CZ4-1952: Safety signs for the occupational environment". It revised and redesignated as "AS1319-1972" in 1972, with further revisions taking place in 1979, 1983 and 1994. In August 2018, AS1319-1994 was reconfirmed as still being valid and not in need of major revisions.
In Japan.
Japanese safety signage is notable for its clear visual differences from international norms, such as use of square 'no symbols', vertical formatting of sign text. Safety sign standards are regulated by Japanese Industrial Standards through standards JIS Z9101 (Workplace and public area safety signs) JIS Z 9103 (Safety sign colors) and JIS Z 9104 (Safety signs - General specifications). While design trends have been moving towards international norms of ISO and ANSI standards, differences are still present such as the use of symbols unique to the JIS standards, using colors differently from ISO standards and using a combination of Japanese kanji and English.
In addition to typical safety sign standards, Japan introduced JIS Z 9098 in 2016 specifically addressing emergency management needs: informing people of areas susceptible to natural disasters, evacuation routes and safe shelters from disasters. The standard's more unique aspect is the usage of maps and diagrams to provide more detailed information about the area's hazards, shelters and evacuation routes.
In China.
Chinese safety signage is regulated by Standardization Administration of China using GB standards 2893-2008 and 2894-2008, which all safety signs are legally required to comply with. Designs are similar to ISO 3864 and uses older ISO 7010:2003 symbols, while adding several additional symbols covering a wider range of prohibitions and hazards.
Sign design and layout.
Modern signage design typically consists of a symbol, warning text and in some countries a header consisting of a signal word.
Headers.
North American and some Australian safety signage utilize distinctive headers to draw attention to the risk of harm from a hazard. Headers have guidelines for usage, where conditions must be met to dictate which header must be used for a sign.
The 2007 revisions to ANSI Z353.4 allowed for the " found on 'Danger', Warning' and 'Caution' headers to be replaced with the ISO 7010 "" symbol to enable compliance with ISO 3864-1 for signs used in international situations or equipment being exported abroad. 
Additional headers designs exist, Z53.1-1968 prescribed a magenta and yellow for radiation hazards. Other headers have been created by sign manufacturers for various situations not covered Z53.1 standard, such as "Security Notice", "Biohazard", "Restricted Area".
Symbols.
As a means of overcoming language and literacy barriers, symbols depicting the hazards, required action or equipment, prohibited actions or items and safety equipment were introduced to safety signage during the 1990s. Globalization and increased international trade helped push this development, as a means of reducing costs associated with needing signage multiple languages. Increasingly, countries are adopting symbols used by ISO 7010, that harmonizes symbols internationally to reduce confusion, and bring themselves into compliance with international standards set out by the ISO.
Wording.
Modern signage wording consists of three elements:
Guidelines for modern signage wording:
&lt;br&gt;
Previously, designers decided that the best approach for safety signs was simplicity and minimal words possible to communicate a hazard. As result signs would identify the hazard in only a few words, such as "High voltage". This approach created flaws, through vagueness, what harm could occur to someone who ignored the warning, and failure to provide guidance on how to avoid hazard.
Portable signage.
For situations or tasks that are not continuous in nature, such as wet floors, maintenance and cleaning; portable signs are utilized. They are designed to be self supporting and relatively easy to move once the task is complete. The 1914 "Universal Safety Standards" provided for a portable 'Danger' sign suitable for both hard floors and soft dirt. Portable signs can take a variety of forms, from a traffic cone with stick on letters, plastic a-frame signs, to safety signs mounted on poles with bases that enable movement.
Wet floor signs are commonly seen portable signs present in most commercial and public structures to avoid legal liability from injury due failing to warn of an unsafe condition. They are usually yellow. The warning is sometimes enhanced with new technology to provide audible warnings. Robotic cleaning equipment can use wet floor signs with sonar gadgetry to know when its job is finished.
Effectiveness of safety signs.
Since the late 1980s, more emphasis has been put on testing signage for clarity and to eliminate possible misunderstandings. Researchers have examined the impacts of using different signal words, inclusion of borders and color contrast with text and symbols against sign backgrounds. In 1999, a group of designers were tasked with creating standardized warning labels for personal watercraft. The group devised several versions of the same warning label using different symbols, wording and emphasis of key phrases through use of underlining, bold fonts and capitalizing. The label designs were reviewed by the United States Coast Guard, United States Power Squadron, industry representatives and subjected to ease of comprehension and readability tests. Results of these reviews and tests lead to further revisions of words and redesigning of some symbols. The resulting labels are still applied to personal watercraft nearly 20 years after their initial design.
Placement of signs also affects the effectiveness of signs. A 1993 study tested compliance with a warning against loading the top drawer of a filing cabinet first. The warning was least effective when it was only placed on the shipping box, but most effective when placed as part of a removable cardboard sleeve that physically obstructed the top drawer, interfering with adding files to the drawer.
Sign effectiveness can be reduced from a number of factors, including information overload, where the sheer amount of information is presented in a manner that a reader is unable process it adequately, such as being confronted by a sign consisting of dozens of words with no paragraph breaks, or excessive amounts of unnecessary information. This can be prevented through simplifying warnings down to their key points, with supplementary manuals or training covering the more nuanced and minor information. Overwarning is a related problem, where warnings are overlooked by people due to the sheer number of warnings, such as placing many safety signs together, redundant or obvious warnings. Effectiveness can be reduced through conditions such as poor maintenance, placing a sign too high or low, or in a way that requires excessive effort to read.

</doc>
<doc id="56869351" url="?curid=56869351" title="Maurice Tanquary">
Maurice Tanquary


</doc>
<doc id="56869355" url="?curid=56869355" title="Emily Bourke">
Emily Bourke

Emily Sarah Bourke is an Australian politician. She has been a Labor member of the South Australian Legislative Council since the 2018 state election.
Bourke previously worked as a staffer for Premier Jay Weatherill. She was elevated to the top position on Labor's Legislative Council ticket by the Right faction after Leesa Vlahos withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="56869356" url="?curid=56869356" title="Uwe Sunde">
Uwe Sunde

Uwe Sunde (born in Garmisch-Partenkirchen on May 29, 1973) is a German economist and currently Professor of Economics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU) as well as a Research Professor in the ifo Center for Labour and Demographic Economics. Sunde's research interests include long-term development and growth, political economy, labour economics, population economics, and behavioural economics. In 2015, his research on risk preferences and on the role of life expectancy and human capital for long-term economic development earned him the Gossen Prize.
Biography.
A native of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Uwe Sunde spent his undergraduate and postgraduate studies at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU) and University of Warwick (as Erasmus exchange), and earned a diploma in economics in 1998. Thereafter, he participated in the European Doctoral Program at the Pompeu Fabra University and University of Bonn, receiving his Ph.D. from the latter in 2003.
After earning his Ph.D., Sunde worked as a research associate and later as a postdoctoral researcher at the Institute for the Study of Labor (IZA) and the Bonn Graduate School of Economics (2003–2008), at the end of which he earned his habilitation from the University of Bonn. He then moved to the University of St. Gallen, where he held the positions of Professor of Macroeconomics and Director of the Swiss Institute for Empirical Economic Research (SEW-HSG). Having returned to Germany in 2012, Uwe Sunde has been a professor of economics at the LMU ever since then. In parallel, Sunde is affiliated with the ifo Center for Labour and Demographic Economics and the DIW Berlin as a research professor and with the Centre for Economic Policy Research (CEPR) and IZA as a research fellow.
In terms of professional activities, he is member of the Councils for Population Economics, for Macroeconomics and for Organization Economics within the German Economic Association, on whose Extended Board he sat in 2015/16, chairs the Survey Committee of the German Socio-Economic Panel (SOEP), and participates in the selection of the recipients of the Humboldt Research Awards within the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. Moreover, he performs editorial duties for the academic journals "Economic Policy" and "Journal of the Economics of Aging" and has edited the "Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization" as well as "Applied Economics Quarterly" in the past. Finally, he has also been in the past a member of the Executive Board of the European Association of Labour Economists (EALE), an extramural fellow at the University of Maastricht, and a coordinator of IZA's Guest and Visitors Programme.
Research.
Uwe Sunde's research interests include long-term development and human capital formation, labour economics, population economics, and behavioural economics. According to IDEAS/RePEc, Sunde ranks among the top 2% of highest cited economists worldwide.
Research on risk attitudes.
One major area of Sunde's research concerns individuals' risk attitudes, which he has extensively explored with Armin Falk, Thomas Dohmen and David Huffman. Together with Holger Bonin, they find that risk averse individuals sort themselves into occupations with low earnings risk, independently of where they live (in Germany), what gender they are or what their previous labour market experience was. They also find that lower cognitive ability is associated with greater risk aversion and more pronounced impatience. Another accomplishment of their research in cooperation with David A. Jaeger and Holger Bonin has been to provide direct evidence for the hypothesis that individuals who are less risk averse are more likely to migrate. In their two most seminal contributions, they explore the transmission of risk and trust attitudes across generations and (with Jürgen Schupp and Gert Wagner) the measurement, determinants and behavioural consequences of individual risk attitudes. In the former, they find that the transmission across others of risk and trust attitudes depends on (i) the transmission of attitudes from parents to children, (ii) the attitudes prevailing in the local environment, and individuals' tendency to mate with partners with similar attitudes. Additionally, the transmission process is strongly affected by socialization, which itself is reinforced by parental characteristics and aspects of family structure. In the latter, they find that asking individuals to rate their "general" willingness to take risk on a scale from 1 to 10 yields the best all-round predictor of risky behaviour, which significantly depends on individuals' gender, age, height and parental background.
Research on neuroeconomics and reciprocity.
In parallel, Sunde, Falk and Dohmen have also researched other aspects of behavioural economics, including neuroeconomics and reciprocity. In neuroeconomics, together with Klaus Fliessbach, Christian E. Elger and Bernd Weber, they find that social comparison affects reward-related brain activity in the human ventral striatum. Furthermore, this activation in the ventral striatum increases in absolute income and - for a given level of absolute income - decreases in lower relative income in both men and women. Similarly, they find that the mere outperforming of the other subject positively affects this reward-related brain area. In their research on reciprocity, Sunde, Dohmen, Falk and Huffman find that most people say that they will respond in kind to positive or negative actions, though with wide differences in the degree of trust and reciprocity. Whereas trust and negative reciprocity are negatively correlated, trust and positive reciprocity are only weakly correlated, with women and the elderly having on average stronger positive and weaker negative reciprocal tendencies. Finally, in another study, they find evidence that reciprocity affects labour market outcomes, with positive reciprocity being associated with higher wages and higher work effort, whereas negative reciprocity is correlated with reduced effort and an increased likelihood of being unemployed.
Research on population economics.
Together with Matteo Cervellati, Uwe Sunde has developed a theory of economic development based on the idea of a positive feedback loop between longevity and human capital that is triggered by endogenous skill-biased technological change. Therein, skill-biased technological change helps to increase the time over which individuals reap returns on their human capital by expanding longevity and thus allows to compensate for the initially prohibitively high cost of human capital formation. As a result, an economy transitions from underdevelopment to sustained growth. Building upon this theory, Sunde and Cervellati further explore how life expectancy affects economic growth in the situation of a demographic transition.

</doc>
<doc id="56869359" url="?curid=56869359" title="Lee Jingyu">
Lee Jingyu


</doc>
<doc id="56869360" url="?curid=56869360" title="Brigadas Especiales de Seguridad de la Comunidad Autónoma de Madrid">
Brigadas Especiales de Seguridad de la Comunidad Autónoma de Madrid


</doc>
<doc id="56869367" url="?curid=56869367" title="Patricia Winslow">
Patricia Winslow


</doc>
<doc id="56869372" url="?curid=56869372" title="Irene Pnevmatikos">
Irene Pnevmatikos

Irene Pnevmatikos is an Australian politician. She has been a Labor member of the South Australian Legislative Council since the 2018 state election.
Pnevmatikos was a lawyer before her election, and is associated with the Left faction.

</doc>
<doc id="56869374" url="?curid=56869374" title="Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited">
Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56869387" url="?curid=56869387" title="Kanako Sakai">
Kanako Sakai


</doc>
<doc id="56869391" url="?curid=56869391" title="Aichi AM-23">
Aichi AM-23


</doc>
<doc id="56869393" url="?curid=56869393" title="Aichi AM-24">
Aichi AM-24


</doc>
<doc id="56869402" url="?curid=56869402" title="Frank Pangallo">
Frank Pangallo

Frank Pangallo (born 1954) is an Australian journalist, politician. He has been an SA Best member of the South Australian Legislative Council since the 2018 state election.
Pangallo worked for the "News" in Adelaide, becoming editor in 1989, and from 1995 was a television reporter on "Today Tonight". In 2017 he became a media advisor to Nick Xenophon. He was second on the SA Best ticket at the 2018 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="56869410" url="?curid=56869410" title="Frontiers of Agricultural Science and Engineering">
Frontiers of Agricultural Science and Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56869411" url="?curid=56869411" title="Frontiers of Business Research in China">
Frontiers of Business Research in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869412" url="?curid=56869412" title="Frontiers of Chemical Science and Engineering">
Frontiers of Chemical Science and Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56869413" url="?curid=56869413" title="Frontiers of Earth Science">
Frontiers of Earth Science


</doc>
<doc id="56869414" url="?curid=56869414" title="Frontiers of Economics in China">
Frontiers of Economics in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869415" url="?curid=56869415" title="Frontiers of Education in China">
Frontiers of Education in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869416" url="?curid=56869416" title="Frontiers of Engineering Management">
Frontiers of Engineering Management


</doc>
<doc id="56869417" url="?curid=56869417" title="Frontiers of Environmental Science &amp; Engineering">
Frontiers of Environmental Science &amp; Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56869418" url="?curid=56869418" title="Frontiers of History in China">
Frontiers of History in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869419" url="?curid=56869419" title="Frontiers of Literary Studies in China">
Frontiers of Literary Studies in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869421" url="?curid=56869421" title="Frontiers of Materials Science">
Frontiers of Materials Science


</doc>
<doc id="56869422" url="?curid=56869422" title="Frontiers of Mathematics in China">
Frontiers of Mathematics in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869423" url="?curid=56869423" title="Frontiers of Mechanical Engineering">
Frontiers of Mechanical Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56869425" url="?curid=56869425" title="Frontiers of Optoelectronics">
Frontiers of Optoelectronics


</doc>
<doc id="56869426" url="?curid=56869426" title="Frontiers of Philosophy in China">
Frontiers of Philosophy in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869427" url="?curid=56869427" title="Frontiers of Structural and Civil Engineering">
Frontiers of Structural and Civil Engineering


</doc>
<doc id="56869428" url="?curid=56869428" title="Landscape Architecture Frontiers">
Landscape Architecture Frontiers


</doc>
<doc id="56869436" url="?curid=56869436" title="Connie Bonaros">
Connie Bonaros

Constadina Bonaros is an Australian politician. She has been an SA Best member of the South Australian Legislative Council since the 2018 state election.
Career.
Bonaros has undergraduate degrees in Laws and Arts (Modern Greek and Social Politics) from the University of Adelaide. She had worked as a lawyer from 2003 until 2006 before becoming an advisor to Nick Xenophon for over 12 years. In 2007, Bonaros served as Xenophon's campaign manager. From 2007 she served in John Darley's office, running second on the ticket to Darley at that years election. She left Darley's office to join Senator Stirling Griff's office as his chief of staff when he was elected at the 2016 federal election. Bonaros was campaign manager for SA Best during the 2018 election campaign, at which the party won two seats in the upper house (Bonaros and Frank Pangallo).
In 2020, Connie stated that fellow politician Sam Duluk slapped her bottom but the courts found him not guilty. Another politician, Tommy Franks has also accused him of similar actions.
Personal life.
Bonaros is married and has one child.

</doc>
<doc id="56869440" url="?curid=56869440" title="The House That Vanished">
The House That Vanished

The House That Vanished (also released under the titles Scream... and Die!, and Please! Don't Go in the Bedroom) is a 1973 British-Spanish horror film directed by José Ramón Larraz, written by Derek Ford, and starring Andrea Allan, Karl Lanchbury, and Judy Matheson. Its plot follows a young fashion model who witnesses a murder in an abandoned house in the woods, but is unable to relocate it after reporting the crime to police.
Plot.
London fashion model Valerie Jennings travels into the countryside with her photographer boyfriend, Terry, who is searching for an abandoned house; he intends to find something there, but does not tell her what it is. They discover the house at nightfall, and while exploring it, Valerie discovers numerous women's passports in a bedroom. Another couple—a woman and an unseen man—enter the house. Panicked, Valerie and Terry hide in a closet. They watch as the woman is brutally murdered with a switchblade. While the killer washes his hands in the bathroom, Valerie flees, unaware that Terry is not following behind her. When she finds the keys to their car missing, she runs into the woods and the killer chases her into an abandoned wrecking yard where she manages to evade him by hiding inside a car.
The next day, Valerie reaches a road and hitchhikes back to London. She enters her apartment, and while standing at the kitchen window, sees Terry's car parked on the street. She finds it unlocked, and inside discovers her modeling portfolio with a photo missing. Perplexed, she goes to Terry's apartment but finds he has not returned home. Panicked, Valerie visits her friend Mike and his girlfriend, Stella, who urge her not to go to the police, fearing she will implicate herself in Terry's burglary. Later at a modeling shoot, Mike introduces Valerie to his friend Paul, a young and shy artist who makes masks for a living. Paul invites Valerie over for dinner, but they are joined by his domineering Aunt Susanna. After Valerie leaves, Paul and Susanna have incestuous sex.
Still concerned over Terry's absence, Valerie agrees to bring Mike and Stella to the house. She leads them to the wrecking yard, where they inexplicably find Terry's ravaged car. Despite their efforts, they are unable to find the house. Back in her apartment building, Valerie becomes unnerved by the presence of Mr. Hornby, an eccentric new neighbor who moves in below her, and who keeps pigeons in his home. She is relieved when her flatmate Lorna, also a model, returns from a job out of town. One night while Valerie is out with friends, an intruder breaks into the apartment and murders Lorna after raping her.
Unsettled by Lorna's murder, Valerie is invited to go out of town with Paul, to which she agrees. He takes her to a remote manor house owned by his family. While there, he confesses to her that his father committed suicide in the home. At night, Valerie hears noises coming from upstairs, but Paul assures her no one is there. She goes to investigate, and notices a taxidermy animal identical to one she saw in the house she entered with Terry; she realizes she is in the same house as before. In the bedroom upstairs, she discovers a blood-stained bed. Hearing someone come up the stairs, she again hides in the closet, and sees Susanna enter the room, calling for Paul and chastising him. In the closet, she discovers the bodies of Terry and Stella. Valerie flees downstairs where she is attacked by Paul. Susanna encourages him to kill Valerie, but he turns on her, stabbing her to death. Valerie runs outside, where she is met by police. Inside, Paul sits in the hallway in silence.
Promotion and release.
The film had an exclusive first-run screening under the title "Please! Don't Go in the Bedroom" at the Trail Drive-In in Lake Worth, Florida, on 7 December 1973. It received theatrical distribution in the United States beginning in October 1974 through American International Pictures, who re-titled the film "The House That Vanished". This cut of the film runs 84 minutes; according to film scholar Gary Smith, the original cut of the film (under the "Scream... and Die!" title) ran 99 minutes. To capitalize on the recent popularity of Wes Craven's "Last House on the Left" (1972), the poster used that film's popular tagline, "It's Only a Movie," suggesting the film—which in actuality was a supernatural ghost story—was a graphic exploitation film.
The film was re-released in 1977 under the titles "Psycho Sex Fiend" and "Psycho Sex".
Home media.
The film was released on VHS under the title "The House That Vanished" in 1984 by Media Home Entertainment. In 1988, Video Treasures reissued the film on VHS under the same title. These VHS releases list a running time of 84 minutes, the same as the theatrical cut of the film released by American International Pictures. The film was also released on Blu-ray but it quickly went out-of-print.

</doc>
<doc id="56869442" url="?curid=56869442" title="Jean François Théophile Pépin">
Jean François Théophile Pépin


</doc>
<doc id="56869448" url="?curid=56869448" title="Darbahn">
Darbahn

Darbahn is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 103 houses and the population of 527 of which 282 are males while 245 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 67.70%, lower than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 75 which is 14.23% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 870 lower than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 24.10% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 322 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 178 males and 124 females. According to census survey report 2011, 76.71% workers describe their work as main work and 23.29% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56869449" url="?curid=56869449" title="Front. Agric. Sci. Eng.">
Front. Agric. Sci. Eng.


</doc>
<doc id="56869451" url="?curid=56869451" title="Front Agric Sci Eng">
Front Agric Sci Eng


</doc>
<doc id="56869452" url="?curid=56869452" title="Front. Bus. Res. China">
Front. Bus. Res. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869453" url="?curid=56869453" title="Front Bus Res China">
Front Bus Res China


</doc>
<doc id="56869454" url="?curid=56869454" title="Front. Chem. Sci. Eng.">
Front. Chem. Sci. Eng.


</doc>
<doc id="56869455" url="?curid=56869455" title="Front Chem Sci Eng">
Front Chem Sci Eng


</doc>
<doc id="56869458" url="?curid=56869458" title="Front. Econ. China">
Front. Econ. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869459" url="?curid=56869459" title="Front Econ China">
Front Econ China


</doc>
<doc id="56869460" url="?curid=56869460" title="Front. Educ. China">
Front. Educ. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869461" url="?curid=56869461" title="Front Educ China">
Front Educ China


</doc>
<doc id="56869462" url="?curid=56869462" title="Front. Eng. Manag.">
Front. Eng. Manag.


</doc>
<doc id="56869463" url="?curid=56869463" title="Front Eng Manag">
Front Eng Manag


</doc>
<doc id="56869464" url="?curid=56869464" title="Front. Environ. Sci. Eng.">
Front. Environ. Sci. Eng.


</doc>
<doc id="56869465" url="?curid=56869465" title="Front Environ Sci Eng">
Front Environ Sci Eng


</doc>
<doc id="56869466" url="?curid=56869466" title="Front. Hist. China">
Front. Hist. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869467" url="?curid=56869467" title="Front Hist China">
Front Hist China


</doc>
<doc id="56869469" url="?curid=56869469" title="Front. Lit. Stud. China">
Front. Lit. Stud. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869470" url="?curid=56869470" title="Front Lit Stud China">
Front Lit Stud China


</doc>
<doc id="56869473" url="?curid=56869473" title="Front. Mater. Sci.">
Front. Mater. Sci.


</doc>
<doc id="56869474" url="?curid=56869474" title="Front Mater Sci">
Front Mater Sci


</doc>
<doc id="56869475" url="?curid=56869475" title="Front. Math. China">
Front. Math. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869476" url="?curid=56869476" title="Front Math China">
Front Math China


</doc>
<doc id="56869477" url="?curid=56869477" title="Front. Optoelectron.">
Front. Optoelectron.


</doc>
<doc id="56869478" url="?curid=56869478" title="Front Optoelectron">
Front Optoelectron


</doc>
<doc id="56869479" url="?curid=56869479" title="Front. Philos. China">
Front. Philos. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869480" url="?curid=56869480" title="Front Philos China">
Front Philos China


</doc>
<doc id="56869481" url="?curid=56869481" title="Front. Struct. Civ. Eng.">
Front. Struct. Civ. Eng.


</doc>
<doc id="56869483" url="?curid=56869483" title="Front Struct Civ Eng">
Front Struct Civ Eng


</doc>
<doc id="56869484" url="?curid=56869484" title="Scream... and Die!">
Scream... and Die!


</doc>
<doc id="56869485" url="?curid=56869485" title="Landsc Archit Front">
Landsc Archit Front


</doc>
<doc id="56869486" url="?curid=56869486" title="Landsc. Archit. Front.">
Landsc. Archit. Front.


</doc>
<doc id="56869491" url="?curid=56869491" title="Pandab Goenda">
Pandab Goenda

Pandab Goenda is a fictional detective novel series created by Bengali novelist Sasthipada Chattopadhyay. The stories of Pandab Goenda are well known in Bengali Children's literature.
Characters.
Pandab Goenda is a detective gang of five children who love to solve mysteries. They are "Bablu", "Bilu", "Bhombal", and two sisters named "Bachchu", "Bichchhu". They live in Howrah, accompanied by a one eyed street dog "Panchu". Bablu always leads the team Pandab Goenda, he also carries a pistol. The five are adventurous, intelligent and fearless. Pandab Goenda roam various parts of India to solve cases. There characters are loosely inspired by Enid Blyton's detective book "The Famous Five".
Stories.
The stories of Pandab Goenda were published in "Shuktara" magazine in late 70's but the first book of was published in 1981 by New Bengal Press. Thereafter more than 30 books have been published in this series. Some stories were published in Bengali Child Magazines "Anandamela" and "Shuktara".
Adaptation.
A Bengali animation television series was developed on the Pandab Goenda stories. It was telecast for a period of 4 years by Akash Bangla Television station. Under direction of Rahul Mukhopadhyay, Pandab Goenda adapted in the small screen by Zee Bangla TV channel entitled Pandab Goenda (TV serie). This series was adapted from the original series based on a much more modern time frame, it earned huge popularity among the mass. The original storyline of the series was altered a lot and due to this particular reason this series faced a lot of critisicam from the viewers after the initial promo was released.

</doc>
<doc id="56869495" url="?curid=56869495" title="2018 Copa Libertadores de Futsal">
2018 Copa Libertadores de Futsal

The 2018 Copa CONMEBOL Libertadores de Futsal was the 18th edition of the Copa Libertadores de Futsal, South America's premier club futsal tournament organized by CONMEBOL.
The tournament was held at Carlos Barbosa, Brazil between 22–29 April 2018.
Defending champions Carlos Barbosa defeated Joinville in the final to win their fifth title. Sorocaba defeated Cerro Porteño to finish third.
Teams.
The competition is contested by 12 teams: the title holders, one entry from each of the ten CONMEBOL associations, plus an additional entry from the host association.
Venues.
The tournament was played at the Centro Municipal de Eventos in Carlos Barbosa.
Draw.
The draw of the tournament was held on 3 April 2018 at the Centro Municipal de Eventos in Carlos Barbosa. The 12 teams were drawn into three groups of four containing one team from each of the four seeding pots. The following three teams were seeded:
The other teams were seeded based on the results of their association in the 2017 Copa Libertadores de Futsal, with the additional entry from the host association seeded last.
Squads.
Each team has to submit a squad of 14 players, including a minimum of two goalkeepers (Regulations Article 31).
Group stage.
The top two teams of each group and the two best third-placed teams advance to the quarter-finals. The teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, tiebreakers are applied in the following order (Regulations Article 21):
All times are local, BRT ().
Knockout stage.
In the quarter-finals, semi-finals and final, extra time and penalty shoot-out are used to decide the winner if necessary. In the third place match, penalty shoot-out (no extra time) is used to decide the winner if necessary.
Bracket.
The quarter-final matchups are:
The semi-final matchups are:

</doc>
<doc id="56869500" url="?curid=56869500" title="Nora Ariffin">
Nora Ariffin

Nora Ariffin is a Singaporean fashion model and realtor.
Career.
Ariffin was discovered in her native Singapore in 1985 while attending St. Margaret's Secondary School. She has appeared in campaigns for CoverGirl, alongside models including Rachel Hunter and Nikki Taylor, Lacoste, L'Oréal, and Chanel's "Allure" fragrance. Ariffin has also been featured in editorials for "Vogue Paris" and Italian "Harper's Bazaar" and graced the cover of Italian "Cosmopolitan" and "Marie Claire" (Singapore, Malaysia). Ariffin has worked with photographers including Guy Bourdin, Herb Ritts and Gilles Bensimon.
Personal life.
Since 2011, Ariffin has been in a relationship with singer Duncan Sheik, having previously dated in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56869503" url="?curid=56869503" title="Robinson Opong">
Robinson Opong

Robinson Odoch Opong (born 10 May 1989) is a Ugandan professional basketball player for Rivers Hoopers of the Nigerian Premier League (NPL) and the Basketball Africa League (BAL).
Career.
On 11 April 2020, Opong signed with the Saskatchewan Rattlers of the Canadian CEBL.
In April 2021, Opong signed with Rivers Hoopers to play in the 2021 BAL season. He replaced the injured Festus Ezeli.
He represented Uganda at AfroBasket 2017, leading his team in minutes, points, and steals.

</doc>
<doc id="56869508" url="?curid=56869508" title="Lee Ju-sun">
Lee Ju-sun

Lee Ju-sun is a South Korean choreographer and dancer. He is best known as the creator of the "horse-riding dance" from Psy's viral music video "Gangnam Style".
Lee began his career during the 1990s as a background dancer but the meager income forced him to leave the industry and he started his own small business. However he returned to dancing as it was his passion and performed with or choreographed for the likes of Im Chang-jung, g.o.d, Cha Tae-hyun, UN, Kim Jin-pyo, and Psy. He heads a dance team called Mania which mainly performs with g.o.d and Psy, both of whom he has performed with and choreographed for since the early 2000s.
Lee came to further prominence as the creator of the "horse-riding" dance in Psy's 2012 hit song "Gangnam Style". The success and popularity of the move won him the Style of the Year (Choreographer) Award at the 2nd Gaon Chart Music Awards. With the global spread of K-pop and the massive success of "Gangnam Style", Lee has been a vocal activist calling for choreographers to be allowed to claim and collect copyright fees to prevent them from being exploited. He and six other choreographers co-founded the Korea Choreography Association.
In 2015 Lee made his debut as a singer and released a single "Druwa", which featured Joohee of 8eight.

</doc>
<doc id="56869512" url="?curid=56869512" title="James Haughton Langston">
James Haughton Langston


</doc>
<doc id="56869515" url="?curid=56869515" title="Blair Boyer">
Blair Boyer

Blair Ingram Boyer (born 30 March 1981) is an Australian politician. He has been a Labor member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Wright.
A solicitor by training, Boyer worked as chief of staff for his predecessor Jennifer Rankine, and was also deputy chief of staff to Premier Jay Weatherill.

</doc>
<doc id="56869523" url="?curid=56869523" title="Albero Kobe">
Albero Kobe

 is a Japanese women's football team which played Japan Women's Football League.
History.
Albero Kobe was founded as Aguilas Kobe in 2003. In 2010 season, Aguilas Kobe was promoted Japan Women's Football League. In 2012 season, the club withdrew league and changed club name to Albero Kobe.

</doc>
<doc id="56869524" url="?curid=56869524" title="Palaver, a Romance of Northern Nigeria">
Palaver, a Romance of Northern Nigeria


</doc>
<doc id="56869526" url="?curid=56869526" title="Court of the Imperial Stud">
Court of the Imperial Stud

The Court of the Imperial Stud (also known as Court of the Imperial Stables) was a central government agency in several imperial Chinese and Vietnamese dynasties. It was generally in charge of managing state horse pasturage, stables and corrals, as well as maintaining the vehicles for use by the imperial household and members of the central government. In China the office was created during the Northern Qi dynasty (550–577) and continued until the Qing dynasty (1636–1912). In Vietnam it was created by Lê Thánh Tông in 1466, and continued until the Nguyễn dynasty.
It was one of the Nine Courts. During the Song dynasty the agency also contained offices in charge of elephants and camels.

</doc>
<doc id="56869528" url="?curid=56869528" title="Aguilas Kobe">
Aguilas Kobe


</doc>
<doc id="56869532" url="?curid=56869532" title="Frontiers of Architecture and Civil Engineering in China">
Frontiers of Architecture and Civil Engineering in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869533" url="?curid=56869533" title="List of Cancelled Atari Jaguar games">
List of Cancelled Atari Jaguar games


</doc>
<doc id="56869535" url="?curid=56869535" title="Ubaid CK">
Ubaid CK

Ubaid CK, (Born on 5 February 1990) is an Indian professional footballer from Kuthuparamba, Kannur, Kerala, who plays as a Goalkeeper for Sreenidi Deccan FC in the I-League.
Career.
Ubaid was part of Maharashtra Santhosh Trophy squad for the year 2015. He represented the state of Maharashtra in the National Games that followed too.
ONGC.
During his tenure at ONGC FC, Ubaid was declared as the Best Goalkeeper for the season 2016-17 in the First Ever MDFA Awards.
East Bengal.
After his solid performance for FC Kerala in the Kerala Premier League and Gadhinglaj All India Football Tournament, Ubaid moved to Kolkata side East Bengal in a loan for the 2nd half of 2017–18 I-League.
On 25 April 2018, it is announced that Ubaid has signed a renewal contract with East Bengal which keeps the shot stopper at the club till 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56869536" url="?curid=56869536" title="Front. Archit. Civ. Eng. China">
Front. Archit. Civ. Eng. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869537" url="?curid=56869537" title="Front Archit Civ Eng China">
Front Archit Civ Eng China


</doc>
<doc id="56869538" url="?curid=56869538" title="Michael Brown (Australian politician)">
Michael Brown (Australian politician)

Michael Edison Brown is an Australian politician. He has been a Labor member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Playford.
Previously state secretary of the Labor Party, Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill's chief of staff.

</doc>
<doc id="56869541" url="?curid=56869541" title="Robinson Odoch">
Robinson Odoch


</doc>
<doc id="56869545" url="?curid=56869545" title="Frontiers of Environmental Science &amp; Engineering in China">
Frontiers of Environmental Science &amp; Engineering in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869546" url="?curid=56869546" title="Front. Environ. Sci. Eng. China">
Front. Environ. Sci. Eng. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869547" url="?curid=56869547" title="Front Environ Sci Eng China">
Front Environ Sci Eng China


</doc>
<doc id="56869550" url="?curid=56869550" title="East Stari Grad">
East Stari Grad


</doc>
<doc id="56869552" url="?curid=56869552" title="Japan Soccer College Ladies">
Japan Soccer College Ladies

 is a Japanese women's football team which played Japan Women's Football League from 2012 to 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="56869553" url="?curid=56869553" title="Jayne Stinson">
Jayne Stinson

Jayne Marion Stinson is an Australian politician. She has been a Labor member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Badcoe.
Stinson worked as a political advisor and as a journalist for Channel Seven before her election.

</doc>
<doc id="56869556" url="?curid=56869556" title="Trnovo RS">
Trnovo RS


</doc>
<doc id="56869558" url="?curid=56869558" title="J.T. Marcinkowski">
J.T. Marcinkowski


</doc>
<doc id="56869559" url="?curid=56869559" title="Georgia Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress">
Georgia Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress


</doc>
<doc id="56869561" url="?curid=56869561" title="East Novo Sarajevo">
East Novo Sarajevo


</doc>
<doc id="56869565" url="?curid=56869565" title="Steve Murray (politician)">
Steve Murray (politician)

Stephen Peter Murray (born 5 February 1963) is an Australian politician, representing the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Davenport for the Liberal Party since the 2018 state election. Murray won the seat with 58.8% of the two-party-preferred vote.
Early life.
Murray was born in Ballarat and lived most of his early life in the South Australian town of Mannum on the Murray River. Murray is the oldest of six children born to Peter and Beverley Murray who are of Irish descent.
Murray was educated at Mannum High School before moving to Adelaide to study a Bachelor of Economics at the University of Adelaide, graduating with accounting qualifications.
Personal life.
Murray is married and has one daughter, and lives in the Adelaide suburb of Happy Valley.
Murray has served on the executive of the Norwood Basketball Club since 2008 and has served as the club's president.
Murray worked for Ford Australia as an accountant after graduating from Adelaide university. He has also owned and operated several software companies.
Prior to running for the seat of Davenport, Murray was the state president of the Liberal Party of Australia from 2015 to 2017. 

</doc>
<doc id="56869568" url="?curid=56869568" title="Osceola Mudflow">
Osceola Mudflow

The Osceola Mudflow, also known as the Osceola Lahar, was a lahar in the U.S. state of Washington that descended from the summit and northeast slope of Mount Rainier during a period of eruptions about 5,600 years ago. It traveled down the west and main forks of the White River, passed the location of present-day Enumclaw then reached Puget Sound near present-day Auburn. The Osceola collapse formed a wide horseshoe-shaped crater, open to the northeast, almost the same size as the crater produced by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. Most of the Osceola crater has been filled in by subsequent lava eruptions, most recently about 2,200 years ago.
With a volume of and an areal extent of about , the Osceola Mudflow buried a large portion of the Puget Sound lowland with hydrothermally altered volcanic material. Many communities in King and Pierce counties, notably Kent, Enumclaw, Orting, Buckley, Sumner, Puyallup and Auburn, are wholly or partly located on top of Osceola Mudflow deposits.
The Osceola Mudflow was Mount Rainier's signature event during the Holocene epoch. It was named after the unincorporated community of Osceola.

</doc>
<doc id="56869569" url="?curid=56869569" title="AS Harima ALBION">
AS Harima ALBION


</doc>
<doc id="56869572" url="?curid=56869572" title="Pale RS">
Pale RS


</doc>
<doc id="56869578" url="?curid=56869578" title="Hong Lok Yuen (constituency)">
Hong Lok Yuen (constituency)

Hong Lok Yuen is one of the 19 constituencies in the Tai Po District.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Tai Po District Council, with an election every four years. The seat was currently held by nonpartisan Zero Yiu Yeuk-sang.
Hong Lok Yuen constituency is loosely based on Hong Lok Yuen, Cloudy Hill (Kau Lung Hang Shan), Sha Lo Tung and Tai Po Industrial Estate in the northern part of Tai Po District with estimated population of 15,866.

</doc>
<doc id="56869582" url="?curid=56869582" title="Carolyn Power">
Carolyn Power

Carolyn Laura Power () is an Australian politician. She has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Elder.
Power, previously a City of Marion councillor, worked in health and human services for not-for-profit organisations before her election. She was the unsuccessful Liberal candidate for the seat at the 2014 state election. During the 2014 election campaign, the Labor Party released a flyer headlined "Can You Trust Habib?", which the Liberals described as a racist attack on her surname and Lebanese heritage.
In April 2018, a month after her election, Power was sworn in as the Assistant Minister for Domestic and Family Violence Prevention. She was a former youth sector worker.
In August 2018, Carolyn Habib officially changed her surname from Habib to Power. Power was married prior to the 2018 election to her childhood sweetheart, Brad Power. Power chose to wait to change her surname to ensure there was no confusion or extra costs associated in reproducing election materials.

</doc>
<doc id="56869585" url="?curid=56869585" title="Carolyn Laura Habib">
Carolyn Laura Habib


</doc>
<doc id="56869587" url="?curid=56869587" title="1905 Boston mayoral election">
1905 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1905 occurred on Tuesday, December 12, 1905. Democratic candidate John F. Fitzgerald defeated Republican candidate Louis A. Frothingham, and four other contenders, to win his first term as Mayor of Boston. Primary elections had been held on Thursday, November 16, 1905.
Daniel A. Whelton, who had become acting mayor upon the death of Mayor Patrick Collins in September 1905, did not run for the position.
Fitzgerald was inaugurated on Monday, January 1, 1906.
Results.
Republican primary.
Sources: 

</doc>
<doc id="56869589" url="?curid=56869589" title="Abdoulaye Sileye Gaye">
Abdoulaye Sileye Gaye


</doc>
<doc id="56869592" url="?curid=56869592" title="Frontiers of Chemistry in China">
Frontiers of Chemistry in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869593" url="?curid=56869593" title="Front. Chem. China">
Front. Chem. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869594" url="?curid=56869594" title="Front Chem China">
Front Chem China


</doc>
<doc id="56869595" url="?curid=56869595" title="Workers Day (Labour Day)">
Workers Day (Labour Day)


</doc>
<doc id="56869597" url="?curid=56869597" title="Tokiwagi Gakuen High School LSC">
Tokiwagi Gakuen High School LSC

 is a Japanese women's football team which plays Japan Women's Football League from 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="56869598" url="?curid=56869598" title="David Basham">
David Basham

David Keith Bernard Basham is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Finniss. Basham has served as the Minister for Primary Industries and Regional Development in the Second Marshall Ministry since 29 July 2020.
Basham was the president of Australian Dairy Farmers before his preselection to run for Finniss.

</doc>
<doc id="56869600" url="?curid=56869600" title="Frontiers of Forestry in China">
Frontiers of Forestry in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869601" url="?curid=56869601" title="Front. For. China">
Front. For. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869603" url="?curid=56869603" title="Front For China">
Front For China


</doc>
<doc id="56869606" url="?curid=56869606" title="Charminar (2018 film)">
Charminar (2018 film)

Charminar is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language crime drama film written and directed by Ajith C. Logesh and produced by Sharmi Sirajudheen. The film stars Ashwin Kumar and Hemanth Menon along with Harshika Poonacha.
Plot.
It's a love story set in the world of fashion and advertisement industry. The story starts with Sethu who is calling his friend Anand for his confession before his suicide. Anand was an ad filmmaker and Sethu is a fashion designer, by Sethu, Nanda also became part of ad films and pursues a great career. Sethu loves Nanda but later Nanda cheats Sethu by creating a fake story. later, Sethu calls Anand and tells him that he is going to kill Nanda and he is in hotel Charminar. Anand promises Sethu to be there in 20 minutes. When Anand comes out of the room it shows that he was in Nanda's room and he is her boyfriend. He is also in hotel Charminar. in the second half, they show that Sethu was cheated by Nanda according to Anand's plan. Anand bravely goes out of the room without being in sight of Sethu and Sethu misunderstood somebody else as Nanda's boyfriend. Sethu brings Nanda in gunpoint and Anand comes to the room. Anand was happy that Sethu misunderstood somebody else. Later, he puts Anand at gunpoint and reveals that when Nanda tried to escape, Sethu hit her and Nanda become unconscious. When Sethu calls Anand for informing this, Anand by mistake threw his phone in her room and Sethu knows that he is her boyfriend. Then Sethu and Anand fight, but unfortunately Nanda shoots Anand by mistake. Sethu mentally teases Nanda. When he leaves the room, Sethu hears the silenced gunshot and realises Nanda committed suicide. At the end, Sethu pays an employee and he bravely erases the evidence like fingerprint and cctv visual etc.. then Sethu leaves hotel Charminar.
Production.
Principal photography began on 3 October 2017 in Bengaluru, The main locations of the film were Bengaluru, Madurai and Kochi.
Release.
The film was released on 9 March 2018 all over Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="56869607" url="?curid=56869607" title="Josh Teague">
Josh Teague

Joshua Baden Teague is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Heysen. On 8 September 2020, he was elected as Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Teague, a lawyer, is the son of former senator Baden Teague.

</doc>
<doc id="56869611" url="?curid=56869611" title="Frontiers of Mechanical Engineering in China">
Frontiers of Mechanical Engineering in China


</doc>
<doc id="56869613" url="?curid=56869613" title="Front. Mech. Eng. China">
Front. Mech. Eng. China


</doc>
<doc id="56869614" url="?curid=56869614" title="Front Mech Eng China">
Front Mech Eng China


</doc>
<doc id="56869615" url="?curid=56869615" title="Omiya Ardija Ventus">
Omiya Ardija Ventus

 is a Japanese women's association football team which plays in WE League. and become the women's section of J. League club Omiya Ardija.
History.
The team started in 1996 as an old girls' club for students of Jumonji Middle School in Toshima Ward, Tokyo. In 2014 they adopted the name "FC Jumonji Ventus" from the Latin word for "wind" and as a pun on Italian giants Juventus. In 2021 they merged with male club Omiya Ardija, across the prefectural border in Saitama, to participate in WE League.
Other sports.
The Omiya Ardija Ventus's men's football team is the Omiya Ardija. The club plays in the J2 League, the second tier of football in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="56869617" url="?curid=56869617" title="Court of Imperial Entertainments">
Court of Imperial Entertainments

The Court of Imperial Entertainments (also known as the Court of the Imperial Banquets) was a central government agency in several imperial Chinese, inner Asian and Vietnamese dynasties. It was generally in charge of catering for the imperial household, central government officials, and imperial banquets honoring foreign envoys and other dignitaries. In China the office was created during the Northern Qi dynasty (550–577) and continued until the Qing dynasty (1636–1912). In Vietnam it was created by Lê Thánh Tông in 1466, and continued until the Nguyễn dynasty.
It was one of the Nine Courts and normally under the supervision of the Ministry of Rites.

</doc>
<doc id="56869622" url="?curid=56869622" title="Kwun Tong Man Chung Friendship Promotion Association">
Kwun Tong Man Chung Friendship Promotion Association


</doc>
<doc id="56869623" url="?curid=56869623" title="Nicole van Hooren">
Nicole van Hooren

Nicole Gerarda Everdina van Hooren (born 11 June 1973) is a former Dutch badminton player. She and Lotte Jonathans who were partnered since February 1998, competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. The duo reaching in to the quarter-finals, and losing to a Chinese pair Huang Nanyan and Yang Wei.
Achievements.
European Championships.
"Women's doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56869627" url="?curid=56869627" title="Adityahridayam">
Adityahridayam


</doc>
<doc id="56869631" url="?curid=56869631" title="Dan Cregan">
Dan Cregan

Dan Cregan is an Australian lawyer and politician. He has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Kavel.
Early life.
Cregan grew up in South Australia and Western Australia, attending the University of Adelaide, where he was active in student politics, including as a Director of the Adelaide University Union and as President of the Adelaide University Law Students' Society. He also rowed for the Adelaide University Boat Club First VIII. 
Cregan received a Cambridge Commonwealth Trust Bursary to study law at Peterhouse, Cambridge.
Career.
After graduating, Cregan was appointed Judge's Associate to John Doyle AC QC Chief Justice of South Australia and left that role to serve as an Australian Youth Ambassador for Development in Jakarta. 
Later, Cregan joined the graduate program at Allens Linklaters where he became a Senior Associate in the firm's Disputes and Investigations team.
Cregan also held a number of board appointments with the Australian Property Institute and as a Director of a family company.
Parliamentary Service.
Following the election of Steven Marshall's government in March 2018 Cregan was made Chair of the South Australian Public Works Committee and was later appointed Premier's Advocate for Suicide Prevention and Community Resilience.
Personal life.
Cregan is an avid gardener and supporter of Netball and Australian Rules Football. 

</doc>
<doc id="56869637" url="?curid=56869637" title="JFA Academy Fukushima">
JFA Academy Fukushima

 is a Japanese women's football team which plays Japan Women's Football League from 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="56869639" url="?curid=56869639" title="Paula Luethen">
Paula Luethen

Paula Maria Luethen is an Australian politician. She has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing King.
Luethen was a City of Tea Tree Gully councillor before her election to state parliament.
During her maiden speech in parliament, she spoke of domestic violence and being a victim of child sexual abuse in her past.

</doc>
<doc id="56869645" url="?curid=56869645" title="Jorge Valdez Chamorro">
Jorge Valdez Chamorro

Jorge Vidal Valdez Chamorro (born 26 May 1994) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Primera B Nacional side Club Atlético Atlanta.
Career.
Club.
Valdez Chamorro had youth spells with Las Lomas de Guernica and Lanús. He began his senior career with Argentine Primera División side Lanús in 2013. His professional debut came on 20 May in a goalless tie with Tigre, which was one of two games during 2012–13. In 2013–14, Valdez Chamorro scored the first two goals of his career after scoring twice in a 1–4 win over San Lorenzo on 12 April 2014. In his first four seasons with Lanús, he scored three goals in forty-two appearances in all competitions. In February 2016, Valdez Chamorro joined Primera División team Gimnasia y Esgrima on loan.
He remained with Gimnasia y Esgrima for two campaigns but made just four appearances. Valdez Chamorro returned to Lanús in June 2017, prior to joining Nueva Chicago of Primera B Nacional on loan on 6 January 2018. He made his debut for Nueva Chicago on 3 February during a win against Deportivo Riestra.
International.
Oscar Garré selected Valdez Chamorro for his 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup squad, he subsequently made his debut for the Argentina U17s on 21 June 2011 in a victory versus Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="56869649" url="?curid=56869649" title="Nick McBride">
Nick McBride

Philip Nicholas McBride is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing MacKillop.
McBride, a grazier, was president of the Grassland Society of South Australia in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56869658" url="?curid=56869658" title="Fraser Ellis">
Fraser Ellis

Fraser John Ellis is an Australian politician. He was elected as a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly at the 2018 state election, representing Narungga. On 19 February 2021, Ellis suspended his membership of the Liberal Party after being charged by the Independent Commissioner Against Corruption (ICAC) with offences relating to travel allowances.
Ellis, who qualified as a lawyer, worked as a journalist before his election.
In June 2020, Ellis repaid $42,130 in allowances claimed for staying in Adelaide at the residence of a colleague. In February 2021, Ellis informed the House of Assembly that he had been charged with offences arising from an investigation by the Independent Commissioner Against Corruption (ICAC) into his use of the Country Members' Accommodation Allowance, which permits regional MPs living more than 75 kilometres from Adelaide to claim up to $234 a night when they are in the city on official business. He was alleged to have made 78 fraudulent claims totalling over $18,000 for nights he did not spend in Adelaide. He was charged with 23 counts of deception, and stated that he denied the allegations and intended to defend the charges. Following his announcement to parliament, Ann Vanstone, the Independent Commissioner Against Corruption, released a statement confirming that she had referred a brief to the Director of Public Prosecutions in December 2020. Ellis was summonsed to appear in the Adelaide Magistrates Court on 31 March 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56869667" url="?curid=56869667" title="Darkua Bangla">
Darkua Bangla

Darkua Bangla is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot and from district headquarter. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 80 houses and the population of 422 of which 222 are males while 200 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 79.18%, higher than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 57 which is 13.51% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 966 higher than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 42.65% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 131 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 122 males and 9 females. According to census survey report 2011, 53.44% workers describe their work as main work and 46.56% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="56869668" url="?curid=56869668" title="Reach Global Services">
Reach Global Services


</doc>
<doc id="56869670" url="?curid=56869670" title="Court of Imperial Sacrifices">
Court of Imperial Sacrifices

The Court of Imperial Sacrifices (also known as Court of Sacrificial Worship) was a central government agency in several imperial Chinese and Vietnamese dynasties. It was generally in charge of conducting major state sacrificial ceremonies according to ritual regulations. In China the office was created during the Northern Qi dynasty (550–577) and continued until the Qing dynasty (1636–1912). In Vietnam it was created by Lê Thánh Tông in 1466, and continued until the Nguyễn dynasty.
It was one of the Nine Courts and normally under the supervision of the Ministry of Rites. Prior to the Qing dynasty it was the most prestigious of the Nine Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="56869671" url="?curid=56869671" title="Richard Harvey (politician)">
Richard Harvey (politician)

Richard Manuel Harvey (born 18 April 1985) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the South Australian House of Assembly since the 2018 state election, representing Newland.
Prior to entering Parliament, Harvey worked as a medical research scientist at the University of Adelaide, researching the bacterial pathogen Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Background and early career.
Harvey was raised in Lewiston and attended St Brigid's Catholic School and Xavier College in Gawler. Harvey is of Portuguese heritage, with his maternal family emigrating to Australia in 1966 from Curaçao. Harvey's father, Rob, was an aircraft technician in the Royal Australian Air Force. He is the eldest child of three.
Harvey attended the University of Adelaide, obtaining a Bachelor of Science (Biomedical Science), a Bachelor of Science (Honours) and a PhD in Microbiology. He has also been an Australian rules football umpire in the SANFL and a piano teacher.
As a postdoctoral research fellow, Harvey worked to find new ways to treat and prevent disease caused by the bacterial pathogen Streptococcus pneumoniae, which is the world's leading cause of pneumonia, bacteraemia, meningitis and otitis media. He has published several times, including in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, "Scientific Reports", "mBio" and "Infection and Immunity".
Politics.
Harvey joined the Liberal Party of Australia in June 2011, and volunteered for several campaigns and party activities.
Harvey was pre-selected as the Liberal candidate for the electoral district of Newland for the 2018 South Australian state election in April 2017.
At the 2018 state election, Harvey campaigned with a strong focus on Modbury Hospital, ultimately defeating Labor MP Tom Kenyon, who had served as the Member for Newland since 2006. Harvey holds the electorate of Newland on a 2.0 percent margin, more than the 2016 redistribution predicted.
Upon his election, Harvey was appointed Deputy Government Whip in the South Australian House of Assembly.
External Links.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="56869674" url="?curid=56869674" title="Court of Sacrificial Worship">
Court of Sacrificial Worship


</doc>
<doc id="56869676" url="?curid=56869676" title="Court of the Imperial Stables">
Court of the Imperial Stables


</doc>
<doc id="56869678" url="?curid=56869678" title="Adherer">
Adherer


</doc>
<doc id="56869680" url="?curid=56869680" title="Itō (name)">
Itō (name)


</doc>
<doc id="56869682" url="?curid=56869682" title="Kai Yip (constituency)">
Kai Yip (constituency)

Kai Yip () is one of the 37 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District of Hong Kong which was created in 1994 and currently held by Au Yeung Kwan-nok of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.
The constituency loosely covers Kai Yip Estate and Kai Tai Court in Kowloon Bay with the estimated population of 20,355.

</doc>
<doc id="56869683" url="?curid=56869683" title="Lamb Range">
Lamb Range

Lamb Range is a locality in the Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Lamb Range had a population of 0.
Geography.
The locality takes its name from the mountain range Lamb Range.
The locality that lies to the west of most of the southern suburbs of Cairns. It is undeveloped mountainous land rising from the coastal plains (elevation of less than 50 metres above sea level) up through the Great Dividing Range (with elevations up to 1200 metres) towards the Atherton Tableland. The land use is entirely committed to national parks and reserves. Dinden National Park and Lake Morris Reserve are in the north of the locality with Little Mulgrave National Park in the south. A small area in the west is in the Danbulla National Park.
There is only one road through the locality. The Gillies Range Road (also known as the Gillies Highway) passes through the south of the locality connecting Gordonvale in the Cairns Region with Atherton in the Tablelands Region. The Lake Morris Road commences in Kanimbla and passes through Mooroobool and then travels through Lamb Range to Lake Morris but does not extend beyond the dam.
Attractions.
The Gillies Range Road (also known as the Gillies Highway) is a which ranges from an elevation of 20 metres to 820 metres. The road is winding with 263 corners and has a number of lookouts.

</doc>
<doc id="56869684" url="?curid=56869684" title="Court of the Imperial Banquets">
Court of the Imperial Banquets


</doc>
<doc id="56869686" url="?curid=56869686" title="Banqueting Court">
Banqueting Court


</doc>
<doc id="56869687" url="?curid=56869687" title="Masakazu Itō">
Masakazu Itō


</doc>
<doc id="56869690" url="?curid=56869690" title="Masakazu Itoh">
Masakazu Itoh


</doc>
<doc id="56869691" url="?curid=56869691" title="Masakazu Itou">
Masakazu Itou


</doc>
<doc id="56869694" url="?curid=56869694" title="Itoh Masakazu">
Itoh Masakazu


</doc>
<doc id="56869695" url="?curid=56869695" title="Itō Masakazu">
Itō Masakazu


</doc>
<doc id="56869696" url="?curid=56869696" title="Ito Masakazu">
Ito Masakazu


</doc>
<doc id="56869697" url="?curid=56869697" title="Itou Masakazu">
Itou Masakazu


</doc>
<doc id="56869698" url="?curid=56869698" title="Jean-Claude Hartemann">
Jean-Claude Hartemann

Jean-Claude Hartemann (18 December 1929 – 27 November 1993) was a 20th-century French conductor.
Biography.
Born in Vezet (Haute-Saône), a student of Jean Fournet at the École Normale de Musique de Paris, Hartemann took part to the 1956 Besançon International Competition. From 1957 to 1960, he was first conductor of the Grand Théâtre lyrique de Dijon, where he met Jésus Etcheverry, with whom he perfected his training. From 1960 to 1963, he was musical director of the Théâtre de Metz, then permanent head of the . Regularly invited to the Opéra-Comique, he was its musical director from 1968 to 1972. He founded several ensembles, including the Ensemble instrumental de France in 1966, the Solistes de France in 1971, and the in 1988. A talented Mozartian, he recorded several French operettas, Gounod's "St. Cecilia Mass", and created works by Franck Martin. From 1972 to 1977 he taught at the Schola Cantorum de Paris, then at the Centre culturel d'Évry. In a context of crisis in orchestral conducting in France, he is one of the very few conductors to have passed on his profession, whose lyrical repertoire was for him the essential basis.
Jean-Claude Hartemann died in Paris in 1993 at age 63.

</doc>
<doc id="56869699" url="?curid=56869699" title="Ayuko Itō">
Ayuko Itō


</doc>
<doc id="56869701" url="?curid=56869701" title="Ayuko Itoh">
Ayuko Itoh


</doc>
<doc id="56869702" url="?curid=56869702" title="Ayuko Itou">
Ayuko Itou


</doc>
<doc id="56869703" url="?curid=56869703" title="Itō Ayuko">
Itō Ayuko


</doc>
<doc id="56869704" url="?curid=56869704" title="Ito Ayuko">
Ito Ayuko


</doc>
<doc id="56869705" url="?curid=56869705" title="Itou Ayuko">
Itou Ayuko


</doc>
<doc id="56869706" url="?curid=56869706" title="Itoh Ayuko">
Itoh Ayuko


</doc>
<doc id="56869714" url="?curid=56869714" title="PCCW-HKT International">
PCCW-HKT International


</doc>
<doc id="56869719" url="?curid=56869719" title="Madhurastakam">
Madhurastakam


</doc>
<doc id="56869740" url="?curid=56869740" title="Aṣṭakam">
Aṣṭakam


</doc>
<doc id="56869743" url="?curid=56869743" title="Mud-man">
Mud-man


</doc>
<doc id="56869762" url="?curid=56869762" title="Calum French">
Calum French

Calum Jordan French (born 25 August 1995) is a British amateur boxer. He is currently an active member of the GB Boxing podium squad, having represented Great Britain in four WSB fights. Having recently been selected to represent England in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia's Gold Coast, French has stated his ambition is to become an Olympic champion in 2020. His most recent fights have been in the lightweight (60 kg) category.
Early life.
French was born in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear to a British mother and father, Teresa French and Norman French. French attended St Annes RC Primary School in Gateshead followed by St Thomas More RC School, also in Gateshead and was known as "Frenchy" to his friends. The second youngest of 4 children, French has the following siblings: Liam, Ryan and Riona.
GB Boxing.
In 2017, French received his first major championship medal, a bronze, at the 2017 European Amateur Boxing Championships. Along with nine other teammates, he qualified for the 2017 AIBA World Boxing Championships. French's defeat to Iurii Shestak in the semi-final brought to end a 5 year 35 fight unbeaten streak.
French was selected to represent England in the 2018 Commonwealth Games taking place in April in Australia's Gold Coast.
Competition record (WSB).
March 23, 2017&lt;br&gt;
Won by unanimous decision (3:0) against Michael Magnesi of Italy&lt;br&gt;
April 21, 2017&lt;br&gt;
Won by unanimous decision (3:0) against Abdellah Boudrar of Morocco&lt;br&gt;
May 20, 2017&lt;br&gt;
Won by unanimous decision (3:0) against Khalil el Hadri of France&lt;br&gt;
February 16, 2018&lt;br&gt;
Won by unanimous decision (3:0) against Matteo Komadina of Croatia
Competition record (championships).
2011 England Junior National Championships - Gold
2011 Junior Three nations - Gold
2012 England Junior and Youth National Championships - Gold
2012 Junior and Youth Three nations - Gold
2013 England Junior and Youth National Championships - Gold
2013 National Association Boys Clubs - Gold 
2015 England Boxing Elite National Championships – Gold
2015 Three Nations Championships – Gold
2016 Chemistry Cup, Germany - Gold
2016 England Boxing Elite National Championships – Gold
2016 Tammer Tournament, Finland - Gold
2017 Strandja memorial, Bulgaria - Gold
2017 European Championships, Ukraine - Bronze
2017 GB Boxing Championships, Sheffield - Gold
2018 European Union championships, Spain - Silver
2019 Golden Glove, Serbia - Bronze
2021 Socikas Tournament, Lithuania - Gold

</doc>
<doc id="56869770" url="?curid=56869770" title="Foxwoman">
Foxwoman


</doc>
<doc id="56869773" url="?curid=56869773" title="Feyzabad, Zarandieh">
Feyzabad, Zarandieh

Feyzabad (Persian: فيض آباد; also Romanized as Feyẕābād, Faizābād, and Feyzābād) is a village in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="56869778" url="?curid=56869778" title="Hip Hong (constituency)">
Hip Hong (constituency)

Hip Hong () is one of the 37 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District of Hong Kong which was created in 1994 and last held by nonpartisan Li-Ka tat.
The constituency loosely covers Cheung Wo Court and Wan Hon Estate around the Shui Ning Street, Hip Wo Street and Hong Wing Road in Ngau Tau Kok with the estimated population of 16,091.

</doc>
<doc id="56869779" url="?curid=56869779" title="List of Ferencvárosi TC records and statistics">
List of Ferencvárosi TC records and statistics

Ferencvárosi Torna Club is a Hungarian professional association football club, based in Budapest, Hungary.
Players.
Award winners.
The following players have won the Ballon d'Or while playing for Ferencvárosi TC:

</doc>
<doc id="56869780" url="?curid=56869780" title="Reach Ltd.">
Reach Ltd.


</doc>
<doc id="56869781" url="?curid=56869781" title="Tyler Walker (alpine skier)">
Tyler Walker (alpine skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56869785" url="?curid=56869785" title="Cable and Wireless (Hong Kong)">
Cable and Wireless (Hong Kong)


</doc>
<doc id="56869786" url="?curid=56869786" title="Court of Imperial Banquets">
Court of Imperial Banquets


</doc>
<doc id="56869787" url="?curid=56869787" title="Dino Sokolović">
Dino Sokolović

Dino Sokolović (born 17 December 1988) is an alpine skier who won Croatia its first gold at any Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56869788" url="?curid=56869788" title="Bernat de Puigcercós">
Bernat de Puigcercós

Bernat de Puigcercós (O.P.) (...Girona – 1342) was a Catalan Dominican friar that lived during the 14th century. He was general Inquisitor of the Crown of Aragon.
Works.
He wrote a short treatise in Latin called "Quaestio disputata de licitudine contractus emptionis et venditionis censualis cum conditione revenditionis" (Disputed Matter on the Lawfulness of the purchase and sale contract of "censals" with the condition of reselling). It was transcribed and published by Josep Hernando i Delgado. The text that was used was taken from the manuscript nº 42 of the Monastery of Sant Cugat, that can be found in the General Archive of the Crown of Aragon. In this short treatise he accepts the lawfulness of the censals and violaris, that would be the right to get an income after for a certain period, or even for a lifetime after paying a certain amount of money. They were very common in Catalonia and the Crown of Aragon during the Middle Ages, and this matter was very discussed in medieval Canon law.
This work had a decisive influence in Francesc Eiximenis' opinion in favour of the "censals" and "violaris" lawfulness in his Tractat d'usura (Treaty on usury).

</doc>
<doc id="56869790" url="?curid=56869790" title="Court of the Imperial Family">
Court of the Imperial Family


</doc>
<doc id="56869795" url="?curid=56869795" title="Shaheed Pir Chandam">
Shaheed Pir Chandam


</doc>
<doc id="56869804" url="?curid=56869804" title="Ryan Blackwell">
Ryan Blackwell

 is the former Head coach of the Osaka Evessa and Gunma Crane Thunders in the Japanese Bj League.
College Career.
Blackwell started his college career at the University of Illinois in 1995-1996. He appeared in 30 games his Freshmen season before transferring to Syracuse and sitting out the 1996-1997 season due to transfer protocols. Blackwell debut for Syracuse in the 1997-1998 season. In three years at Syracuse Blackwell started every game for the Orange averaging 11.8 points, 7.8 rebounds and 2.6 assists per game and helping to lead the Orange to three straight NCAA Tournament appearances and two Sweet 16 appearance (1998 and 2000)
Blackwell is best remembered by Syracuse fans for making the game winning, buzzer beating shot, in overtime, against St. John's in the 1998 Big East Tournament. The 69-67 win sent the Orange to Big East Championship game where they would fall to Connecticut 69-64.

</doc>
<doc id="56869808" url="?curid=56869808" title="Chlorphenacemide">
Chlorphenacemide

Chlorphenacemide is pharmaceutical drug of the acylurea class used as an anticonvulsant.

</doc>
<doc id="56869809" url="?curid=56869809" title="Deities and fairies of fate in Slavic religion">
Deities and fairies of fate in Slavic religion


</doc>
<doc id="56869812" url="?curid=56869812" title="Miroslav Haraus">
Miroslav Haraus

Miroslav Haraus (born 1 August 1986) is a Slovak Paralympic skier. He first medaled in 2010, but won his first gold at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56869815" url="?curid=56869815" title="Eint Myet Che">
Eint Myet Che


</doc>
<doc id="56869818" url="?curid=56869818" title="Copperlode Dam">
Copperlode Dam


</doc>
<doc id="56869829" url="?curid=56869829" title="Cable &amp; Wireless Hong Kong">
Cable &amp; Wireless Hong Kong


</doc>
<doc id="56869831" url="?curid=56869831" title="15th Army (RSFSR)">
15th Army (RSFSR)

The 15th Army was a field army of the Red Army during the Russian Civil War and Polish-Soviet War, which existed between 7 June 1919 and 
26 December 1920. 
History.
The 15th Army was formed on 7 June 1919 by transformation of the Army of Soviet Latvia which existed since 4 January 1919. 
The Army of Soviet Latvia was operationally subordinated to the command of the Northern Front , and on 19 February 1919, became part of the newly formed Western Front.
The army headquarters was stationed in Daugavpils.
The 15th Army conducted in July 1919 defensive battles against Estonian troops and withdrew under the onslaught of enemy forces from the territory of Latvia, except Latgale. In August 1919 the 15th Army conducted the Pskov operation and liberated Pskov. In September-October 1919, she defended Petrograd against the forces of Nikolai Yudenich, and led in October-November a counter-offensive towards Luga, Volosovo, Gdov and Yamburg, thus participating in the defeat of Yudenich's Northwestern Army.&lt;br&gt;
Since July 1919 the left flank of the Army had been fighting defensive battles against the advancing Polish troops in Belorussia. After the final defeat of Yudenich, the 15th Army was able to concentrate all its forces against the Polish Army.
In the spring and summer of 1920, the 15th Army was part of the attack group of the Western Front and acted against the First Polish Army. In May 1920, she attacked near Švenčionys, Maladzyechna and Zembin, but was stopped by the enemy's attack in the rear. In July 1920, she conquered Molodechno and Lida. During the Battle of Warsaw (1920) she forced the Niemen and Narew rivers and advanced towards the Wkra River north of Warsaw, but was then forced to retreat to the East. In September-October 1920 she defended the approaches to Minsk. 
In early October the 15th Army was put into reserve. On 26 December 1920, the administration of the 15th Army was disbanded, and the troops transferred to the 3rd Army.
Commanders.
Chief of Staff.
Members of the Revolutionary Military Council include 

</doc>
<doc id="56869841" url="?curid=56869841" title="Arthur Bauchet">
Arthur Bauchet

Arthur Bauchet (born 10 October 2000) is a French para-alpine skier who won four silver medals for France at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56869842" url="?curid=56869842" title="Christopher LaFarge">
Christopher LaFarge


</doc>
<doc id="56869850" url="?curid=56869850" title="Flower on the Stone">
Flower on the Stone

Flower on the Stone () is a Soviet 1962 drama film directed by Anatoly Slesarenko and Sergei Parajanov.
The film premiere took place on 1 September 1962 in Kiev. The regular cinema screenings began on January 24, 1963. The film had a total of 5.2 million viewers.
Plot.
In place of the Donetsk steppe, overgrown with chamomile and feather grass, a mining town is being developed. Brigadier of the youth mine Grigory Griva is in love with comrade Lyuda and therefore often openly sneers at her organizational skills. But when he is alone with her, he becomes timid and shy, for which he is angry with himself and makes up new pranks.
The second story is connected with the appearance of Christina in the mining town, a beautiful but closed-minded girl who falls under the influence of the presbyter of the sect. Komsomol member Arsen who has fallen in love with the girl helps her leave the sect.
Production.
Because of lack of safety on the set actress Inna Burduchenko died during the filming. She initially became famous for playing the main role in the religious drama "Ivanna". The director of the film Anatoly Slesarenko was prosecuted for this and convicted. Sergei Paradzhanov completed the work on the film and gave it a new title (the original one was "Thus Nobody Loved").

</doc>
<doc id="56869852" url="?curid=56869852" title="Kuo-tzu ssu">
Kuo-tzu ssu


</doc>
<doc id="56869856" url="?curid=56869856" title="Amietophrynus perreti">
Amietophrynus perreti


</doc>
<doc id="56869858" url="?curid=56869858" title="Three Preceptors">
Three Preceptors


</doc>
<doc id="56869867" url="?curid=56869867" title="Frédéric François (alpine skier)">
Frédéric François (alpine skier)

Frédéric François (born 25 January 1977) is an alpine skier who won a silver and bronze medal for France at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56869870" url="?curid=56869870" title="Salvatore Cuoci (Major General)">
Salvatore Cuoci (Major General)


</doc>
<doc id="56869874" url="?curid=56869874" title="San shih">
San shih


</doc>
<doc id="56869878" url="?curid=56869878" title="Basrian">
Basrian

Basrian is a Village of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°74'0N 73°82'0E.
Basrian has many communities – Gujjar (Dehdar) is the major community second largest conunity is arain and many other castes. Basrian used to be an agricultural village, but many people have gone abroad for temporarily employment and business. Many have settled abroad in almost every country of the world. It is a fairly rich and small town nearby Dinga Kharian road.
Notable people
Thaikedar Haji Hakim Ali
COL(r) DIG(r) Ch Farman Ali 
DSP(r) Haji Akbar Ali Chairman 
Haji Sardar Khan Mehar
Haji Ishitaq Ahmed Qamar Chairman 
Abdul haq araian 
Muhammad Azam araian
Haji Tariq Mehmood arain

</doc>
<doc id="56869884" url="?curid=56869884" title="Transient expression">
Transient expression

Transient expression, more frequently referred to "transient gene expression", is the temporary expression of genes that are expressed for a short time after a nucleic acid, most frequently plasmid DNA encoding an expression cassette, has been introduced into eukaryotic cells. The majority of transient gene expressions are done with cultivated animal cells. The technique is also used in plant cells; however, the transfer of nucleic acids into these cells requires different methods than those with animal cells. In both plants and animals, transient expression should result in a time-limited use of transferred nucleic acids, since any long-term expression would be called "stable expression". 
Methodology varies depending on the organism to transform. While plants can be transformed with a construct introduced into "Agrobacterium tumefaciens" via agroinfiltration or floral dip, most animal cells would require a viral vector. In human, the field of transient transformation advanced rapidly during the 2020-2021 covid-19 pandemic with major COVID-19_vaccines using either direct mRNA transfer into human or adenovirus vectors, with the RNA being expressed in the host human to produce spike proteins that induce an immune response.
Some fungi, like yeasts or zygomycota, are susceptible to transformation by dedifferentiating their hyphae to protoplasts and adding Cl2Ca 10–50 mM, Tris-HCl 10 mM, polyethylene glycol (40%) and the DNA construct (&gt; 5µg/ml) to a 10^8 protoplast/ml solution. Under this pH condition, PEG acts as a binder, promoting protoplasts to clump together and trap introduced DNA strands. This process has a relatively high efficiency, despite the fact that eukaryotic cells have abundant exonucleases that degrade exogenous DNA. 

</doc>
<doc id="56869885" url="?curid=56869885" title="Zdeněk Mahler">
Zdeněk Mahler

Zdeněk Mahler (7 December 1928 – 17 March 2018) was a Czech writer, musicologist, pedagogue and screenwriter.
Family.
He was born in Batelov, to the family of ironmonger Karel Mahler (1901–1970) and Marie Mahlerová (1903–1982). He was a distant relative of the composer Gustav Mahler.
Work.
As a student of Faculty of Arts in Prague Mahler cooperated with Student magazines and also with Československý rozhlas where he get regular job after finishing his studies. Since 1960 he worked as a freelance writer. He published several books, such as "Search for golden age" (1965, translated to English in 1966) and biographies of famous persons, such as Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, Antonín Dvořák, or Ema Destinová.
As a screenwriter Mahler contributed to the creation of several successful films, such as "Nebeští jezdci" (1968), "Den sedmý, osmá noc" (1969), "The Divine Emma" (1979), "Concert at the End of Summer" (1980), "Amadeus" (1984), "Goya's Ghosts" (2007), "Lidice" (2011) and many other films or TV documentaries.

</doc>
<doc id="56869887" url="?curid=56869887" title="Chinese Taipei women's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team">
Chinese Taipei women's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56869889" url="?curid=56869889" title="Chinese Taipei women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team">
Chinese Taipei women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56869891" url="?curid=56869891" title="Max Landsberg">
Max Landsberg

Max Landsberg (February 26, 1845 – December 9, 1927), senior rabbi of the B'rith Kodesh Congregation, Rochester, New York, was one of the best known and most beloved Jewish leaders in the United States.
Early life and education.
Born on February 26, 1845, in Berlin, Prussia, Max Landsberg was the eldest son of the rabbi Meyer Landsberg (1810–1870). He was brought up in Hildesheim where his father was appointed rabbi. After matriculating from high school in 1862, he studied philosophy and oriental philology at the universities of Göttingen and Breslau, completing his studies at the Jewish Theological Seminary of Breslau where he received his rabbinical degree. In 1866, he earned a doctorate from the University of Halle.
Career.
From 1867, he taught at the seminary in Hanover until 1871 when, on the recommendation of the Jewish reformer Abraham Geiger (1810–1874), he moved to Rochester where he was elected rabbi of the B'rith Kodesh congregation, taking up his appointment in March 1871. In addition to his religious duties, thanks to his scholarship and his interest in philanthropy, he was soon recognized as one of the city's most eminent citizens. By 1894, under his leadership the B'rith Kodesh congregation had grown to more than 250.
Langsberg was also active in support Rochesster's charitable societies, aimed at improving conditions for the poor and needy. Under the United Hebrew Charities of Rochester, these included the Hebrew Benevolent Society, established in 1850, and the Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Society (1865). He also contributed to social welfare and rights for immigrants, hosting events at the synagogue, including a presentation by the Danish-American social reformer Jacob Riis in 1901. Events were open to the public, in line with Landsberg's efforts to develop collaboration with Christian churches interested in similar objectives.
Over his 43 years of service, Landsberg became recognized as one of the best known rabbis in the United States and was above all appreciated by the people of Rochester. Not only was he in the forefront of the country's Jewish progress, he participated actively in several movements centred on improving conditions in the city.
Landsberg retired from his position in January 1914. He died in Rochester on December 9, 1927.
Family.
Landsberg married Miriam Isengarten (1847–1912) on February 26, 1871. The couple had three children: Emil, Clara and Rose. Miriam Isengarten was friends with Susan B. Anthony. Clara Landsberg was a close collaborator of Jane Addams at Hull House and became the lifelong friend of Margaret Hamilton, near whom is buried now at Cove Cemetery in Hadlyme, Connecticut.
Publications.
Landsberg published a number of works, including "Hymn book, for Jewish worship" (1880), "Ritual for Jewish worship" (1885), "The position of woman among the Jews" (1893), and "Outline of the Jewish religion" (1899).

</doc>
<doc id="56869892" url="?curid=56869892" title="Army of Soviet Latvia">
Army of Soviet Latvia


</doc>
<doc id="56869896" url="?curid=56869896" title="Japan women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team">
Japan women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56869902" url="?curid=56869902" title="PrettyLittleThing">
PrettyLittleThing

PrettyLittleThing is a UK-based fashion retailer, aimed at 16-35-year-old women. The company is owned by Boohoo Group and operates in the UK, Ireland, Australia, US, France, Middle East and North Africa. The brand's main headquarters are in Manchester, with offices in London, Paris and Los Angeles.
History.
PrettyLittleThing was co-founded in 2012 by Umar Kamani and his brother Adam Kamani. It started with an accessory only brand with limited products on the site. Since then the company has expanded and now operates internationally, including the US, Irish, Australian, Middle East, French and Canadian markets. The company sells Womenswear, footwear, accessories and beauty products. Celebrities including Miley Cyrus, Michelle Keegan, Rita Ora, Jessie J and Nicki Minaj were seen wearing their products. In February 2017, the company reported sales of £47.7m. In September 2015, it launched its mobile application in the UK market.
In 2016, the brand partnered with ASOS and Lipsy on their website, as well as through the retailer Next. PrettyLittleThing was owned by the Kamani brothers until January 2017, before being acquired by their father Mahmud Kamani's company Boohoo. It acquired 66% stake in the PrettyLittleThing. In June 2017, PrettyLittleThing launched a range, PLT Girl for young girls aged 5–12. In November 2017, the firm drew press attention when it was named one of the top three fastest growing fashion companies by Hitwise.
In February 2019, the brand opened their LA office on Melrose Avenue.
In 2020 Boohoo acquired the remainder of PrettyLittleThing. 
In March 2020, the brand opened their Paris showroom with a collaboration with the French YouTuber Sananas.
In June 2020, PrettyLittleThing launched their Middle Eastern website.
Collaborations.
In October and November 2015, PrettyLittleThing launched collections with reality actress Lucy Mecklenburgh. They collaborated with American reality television personality Kylie Jenner, who hosted a launch party in Los Angeles.
In October 2016, PrettyLittleThing launched their party wear collection with Sofia Richie. They signed LA influencer Chantel Jeffries as their brand ambassador. In August 2017, the online retailer launched a collection with American personality Olivia Culpo. In October 2017, PrettyLittleThing launched a collection with American reality television personality and businesswoman Kourtney Kardashian. In May 2018, the brand announced a collaboration with streetwear label Karl Kani with a collection fronted by Teyana Taylor. In June 2018, the brand launched a collaboration with British television and radio presenter Maya Jama In September 2018, PrettyLittleThing teamed up with American model Ashley Graham to launch a collection for sizes 6–28. In November 2018, the brand launched a collection with Hailey Baldwin as the face of their Christmas campaign.
In February 2019, the brand launched a second collection with American model Ashley Graham.
In June 2019, PrettyLittleThing launched a summer collaboration with American singer, songwriter, record producer Ashanti. 2019 also saw the brand launch second collections with Maya Jama and Karl Kani. In September 2019 PrettyLittleThing launched a collaboration with UK Love Island star Molly-Mae Hague. PrettyLittleThing hosted their first catwalk in New York Fashion Week, releasing their collaboration with Saweetie. In November 2019, they launched a collection with British girl group Little Mix.
PrettyLittleThing launched a collection in June 2020 with proceeds donated to The Solutions Not Punishment Collaborative (SNaP Co), a Black trans-led organisation aimed at transforming material realities for Black transgender people. June 2020 also saw the launch of a second collaboration with Saweetie, with all proceeds going to Black Lives Matter. In September 2020 PrettyLittleThing launched their second collaboration with UK Love Island star Molly-Mae Hague. October 2020 saw the brand team up and collaborate with entrepreneur Jordyn Woods.
In November 2020, PrettyLittleThing released their collaboration with Lil Kim.
November also saw the brand launch their homeware collection with PLT Home.
In December 2020, Teyana Taylor was announced as Creative Director.
January 2021, saw the launch of PrettyLittleThing x Teyana Taylor.
In August 2021, they announced Molly-Mae Hague as their new Creative Director.

</doc>
<doc id="56869905" url="?curid=56869905" title="Hangover drinks in South Korea">
Hangover drinks in South Korea

Hangover drinks () are drinks sold in South Korea that are consumed to ease the hangover after heavy drinking. Primary ingredients tend to derive from traditional Korean medicine, including ingredients such as Asian pear and Japanese raisin. They are typically consumed before drinking alcohol, and are popular due to the prevalence of social drinking in Korea.
Effects.
The ingredients added to a hangover drink suppresses alcohol absorption. It also promotes alcohol metabolism, reducing alcohol concentration in the blood. It is also known to represent the function of protecting liver cells from alcohol and preventing gastrointestinal mucosa damage and protecting the stomach by applying gastrointestinal mucosa.
Market growth.
The size of the Korean hangover-release market is steadily growing. According to market research firm Link Aztec, the market size of the hangover solution market as of 2016 has been steadily increasing by 15 percent every year to 135.3 billion won in 2015, 155.7 billion won in 2016 and 174.8 billion won in 2017. The reason for the increase in market size is that the existing consumers in their 30s and 40s are spreading to those in their 20s, with the aim of relieving hangovers after drinking and camouflage protection. Currently, CJ Hutgae's market share is at the forefront with about 44 percent of CJ Hutgae condition, followed by Grammy's dawn 808 with about 32 percent. And Dong-A Pharmaceutical's Morning Power settled for third place with about 14.
Product form.
In addition to beverages, hangover remedies are also sold in jelly, candy, and Hwan forms. Starting with CJ's condition (1992), the beverage was released in the order of Dawn 808 (1998), Dong-A Morning Care (2005), ReadyQ (2014), and Jeonggwanjang (369 (2015). RU21 (2007) and God of dining (2013) were released as hangover pills, but they did not surpass the market for hangover drinks. Changes have occurred as CJ conditionhwan (2012) was released in markets for hangover remover, which had been dominated by drinks. Later, changes began in earnest with the release of Samyang Foods' Sangkwaehwan. Since then, it has diversified into powdered 우콘군부탁해 (2013), candy-type kisslip (2013), and jelly-type Korean-German ready-q-chew.
Among the hangover remover of beverages, jelly, candy, and fantasy shapes, the quickest is the hangover remover in the type of drink. Common sense is that a hangover in the form of a drink will have the fastest effect, said Kim Jin-wook. In the form of a beverage, if the hangover remover is already dissolved, it can be absorbed immediately.
Trend.
The recent trend of consumption of hangover-release in Korea is reflecting a change in consciousness.(2019) It's called "Nasimbi." In the past, the older generation in Korea placed importance on the sense of community "we," but recently, super-individualism that values "I"'s own satisfaction is rapidly under way. And that change is reflected in many industries as well as the hangover market. As a concrete example, people have increased interest in healthy eating and "health" such as drinking alone and home drinking. For his health, more customers are looking for a hangover product even though he drank a little. In addition, the value of consumer spending, which happily opens its purse to slightly more expensive products for health, is expanding. This trend is now further driving growth in the hangover and beverage market.

</doc>
<doc id="56869909" url="?curid=56869909" title="VeeR VR">
VeeR VR

Velocious Technologies (known as VeeR VR).
History.
Veer VR is the global VR content community founded in 2016. The three co-founders have been featured by Forbes 30 under 30 Asia 2018 as honourees for the consumer technology sector, become the only founders of virtual reality technology company to make the list this year.
Products.
As of March 2018, Veer VR offered 2 apps for Android and iOS: VeeR VR for making 360 degrees and VR videos &amp; photos and VeeR Editor for editing them.

</doc>
<doc id="56869911" url="?curid=56869911" title="Lamb Range, Queensland">
Lamb Range, Queensland


</doc>
<doc id="56869913" url="?curid=56869913" title="West Lingnan Circuit">
West Lingnan Circuit


</doc>
<doc id="56869917" url="?curid=56869917" title="Lake Morris Reserve">
Lake Morris Reserve


</doc>
<doc id="56869926" url="?curid=56869926" title="Ivanna (film)">
Ivanna (film)

Ivanna () is a 1959 Soviet anti-religious drama film directed by Viktor Ivchenko. It was seen by 30.2 million viewers in the USSR.
Plot.
The film is set in the year 1940. Ivanna Stavnichaya, the daughter of Bishop Theodos, goes to Lviv University, which opened after the establishment of Soviet power. However, the secretary of the admission committee, a hidden nationalist, declares to the girl that she was not accepted because of "social origin". Ivanna accuses the Soviet authorities of injustice, while in fact her fiancé, the fanatical Roman Catholic Roman Hereta, hid from her the truth about the call to study which came from the university. Upset Ivanna asks for help from Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky, head of the Greek Catholic church in Ukraine, and he advises Ivanna to go to the monastery.
The Second World War begins, the Germans enter Lviv. Ivanna sees the ministers of the church cooperating with the invaders, blessing the massacre of partisans, Jews and civilians. Ivanna's girlfriend, Julia, joins up the girl with the partisans. Ivanna enters their detachment, but the Ukrainian Greek Catholics learn about this and begin hunting for the young partisan ... Ivanna's life ends tragically - the German invaders arrest her and after cruel torture execute her.
Anathema.
The film, released in 1960 in Catholic Poland, was anathematized by Pope John XXIII.

</doc>
<doc id="56869935" url="?curid=56869935" title="River Len LNR">
River Len LNR

River Len is a Local Nature Reserve in Maidstone in Kent. It is owned and managed by Maidstone Borough Council.
This small site in an urban area next the River Len has some uncommon species such as water voles and soldier beetles.
Most of the site is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="56869936" url="?curid=56869936" title="Gillies Range Road">
Gillies Range Road


</doc>
<doc id="56869937" url="?curid=56869937" title="Albany and Hudson Electric Railway">
Albany and Hudson Electric Railway

The Albany &amp; Hudson Electric Railway, or the Albany &amp; Hudson Railway &amp; Power Company, was a long electric railway in New York State. It operated from 1899 to 1929, between Hudson and Albany. It had stops in 14 villages and at an amusement park on the shore of Kinderhook Lake.
The company was set-up in 1899 by merging the following three railways:
The line was completed and inaugurated in November 1900 as the first third rail interurban line in the United States. Due to financial difficulties it was reorganized in 1909 as the Albany Southern Railroad. In 1924, the line was taken over by Eastern New York Utilities Corp until being decommissioned in 1929.
Much of the route of the railway became the Albany-Hudson Electric Trail, a rail trail section of the Empire State Trail, at the end of 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="56869946" url="?curid=56869946" title="Albany and Hudson Railway and Power Company">
Albany and Hudson Railway and Power Company


</doc>
<doc id="56869951" url="?curid=56869951" title="Loop (pornography)">
Loop (pornography)


</doc>
<doc id="56869952" url="?curid=56869952" title="Taiwei">
Taiwei

Taiwei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56869959" url="?curid=56869959" title="Kinderhook and Hudson Railway">
Kinderhook and Hudson Railway


</doc>
<doc id="56869960" url="?curid=56869960" title="Greenbush and Nassau Electric Railway">
Greenbush and Nassau Electric Railway


</doc>
<doc id="56869962" url="?curid=56869962" title="Hudson Street Railway">
Hudson Street Railway


</doc>
<doc id="56869963" url="?curid=56869963" title="Sarti, Gurdaspur">
Sarti, Gurdaspur

Sarti is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 769 houses and the population of 3960 of which 2023 are males while 1937 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 76%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 498 which is 12.58% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 957 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 31.29% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 1473 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 1086 males and 387 females. According to census survey report 2011, 51.19% workers describe their work as main work and 48.81% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56869967" url="?curid=56869967" title="Albany and Hudson Railroad">
Albany and Hudson Railroad


</doc>
<doc id="56869973" url="?curid=56869973" title="Yanam Venkanna Babu Brahmōtsavam">
Yanam Venkanna Babu Brahmōtsavam

Yanam Venkanna Babu Brahmōtsavām is an annual festival at Yanam Venkanna Babu Temple celebrated in the month of Kārtika (September/October), since 2003. Each day, during dusk, the Lord's chariot procession occurs on streets with different chariots.
Sesha Vāhanam.
On the first day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Sesha Vāhanam (శేష వాహనము), i.e., "The Serpent Chariot".The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Gurudatta Brahmana Seva Samiti".
Hamsa Vāhanam.
On the second day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Hamsa Vāhanam (హంస వాహనము), i.e., "The Swan Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Kapu Utsava Committee".
Hanumanta Vāhanam.
On the third day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Hanumanta Vāhanam (హనుమంత వాహనము), i.e., "The Hanuman Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Kakatiya Kamma Sangham".
Simha Vāhanam.
On the fourth day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Simha Vāhanam (సింహ వాహనము), i.e., "The Lion Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Rajaka Sangham".
Garuda Vāhanam.
On the fifth day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Garuda Vāhanam (గరుడ వాహనము), i.e., "The Eagle Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Vasavi Kanyaka Parameswari Aryavaisya Sangham".
Gaja Vāhanam.
On the sixth day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Gaja Vāhanam (గజ వాహనము), i.e., "The Elephant Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Adi Andhra Sankshema Sangham".
Aśva Vāhanam.
On the seventh day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Aśva Vāhanam (అశ్వ వాహనము), i.e., "The Horse Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Yanam Kshatriya Parishat".
Pushpaka Vāhanam.
On the eighth day of the festival, vāhanam of the day will be Pushpaka Vāhanam (పుష్పక వాహనము), i.e., "The Elephant Chariot". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Krishna Chaitanya Yadava Sangham".
Rathōstavam.
On the ninth day of the festival there will be Rathōstavam (రథోత్సవం), i.e., "The Chariot Festival". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Agnikula Kshatriya Sankshema Seva Sangham".
Teppōstavam.
On the tenth day of the festival there will be Teppōstavam (తెప్పోత్సవం), i.e., "The Boat Festival". The Sponsor of the day (ఉత్సవ నిర్వాహకులు) will be "Sri Agnikula Kshatriya Sankshema Seva Sangham".

</doc>
<doc id="56869975" url="?curid=56869975" title="Mike Schultz (snowboarder)">
Mike Schultz (snowboarder)

Mike Schultz (born August 27, 1981) is a Paralympic snowboarder and the founder of BioDapt Inc, a prosthetics business. He was the flag-bearer for the United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics Parade of Nations. He lost his leg in 2008 in a snow mobile race. He won gold and silver in Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. He later won the Best Male Athlete with a Disability ESPY Award.

</doc>
<doc id="56869976" url="?curid=56869976" title="Japan's Top 100 Waterfalls">
Japan's Top 100 Waterfalls


</doc>
<doc id="56869987" url="?curid=56869987" title="Twin Temples, Keezhaiyur">
Twin Temples, Keezhaiyur

The Twin Temples at Keezhaiyur is a 9th-century temple complex built by the Paluvettaraiyar chieftains who were vassals of the Medieval Cholas at Keezhaiyur on the Trichy-Ariyalur highway.
Architecture.
As the name suggests, the complex consists of two temples. The temple in the north is called "Vadavaayil Sirikoil" or "Chozheecharam" and the one in the south is called "Thenvaaayil Sirikoil" or "Agatheeswaram". The temples were constructed by the Paluvettaraiyar chieftains Kumaran Maravan and Kumaran Kandan.

</doc>
<doc id="56869988" url="?curid=56869988" title="Hou Rong Sheng">
Hou Rong Sheng


</doc>
<doc id="56869993" url="?curid=56869993" title="Germain Van der Steen">
Germain Van der Steen

Germain Van der Steen called Germain Vandersteen (1897-1985) was a French painter. He graduated from Oxford. After serving in World War I, he worked in Paris during the day and painted at night. He was self taught and he had three periods in his artistic career: the non-figurative period, the imaginary plants period and the period of bestiaries. He worked with very bright colors and had an exhibit at the Salon d'Automne in 1944. He had exhibitions in France, Yugoslavia, Croatia, the United States, Belgium, Austria, Germany, Brazil and Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="56870003" url="?curid=56870003" title="Dukhan Iyali">
Dukhan Iyali

Dukhan Iyali is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 126 houses and the population of 664 of which 332 are males while 332 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 77.84%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 100 which is 15.06% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 724 lower than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 21.84% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 178 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 161 males and 17 females. According to census survey report 2011, 96.63% workers describe their work as main work and 3.73% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56870011" url="?curid=56870011" title="Penghu Guan-Yin Temple">
Penghu Guan-Yin Temple


</doc>
<doc id="56870013" url="?curid=56870013" title="Mike Minor (snowboarder)">
Mike Minor (snowboarder)

Mike Minor (born July 28, 1990) is an American adaptive athlete, World Champion snowboarder, and a Paralympian who competed for the United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. He won gold in Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics – Men's banked slalom and bronze in Men's snowboard cross division SB-UL. During his childhood, Minor had a prosthetic as he was born without part of his right arm. He starting skiing at age two and snowboarding at age seven. He was nominated for the Best Male Athlete with a Disability ESPY Award in 2017.
Career.
Snowboarding.
Minor entered snowboarding competitions in 2015. In 2017, he won gold in snowboard cross and silver in banked slalom for World Para Snowboard Championships in Big White, Canada. He also became a Triple Crystal Globe winner that year. In 2018, he won a gold and bronze medal at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Skateboarding.
Minor won a bronze medal for skateboarding at the inaugural adaptive skatepark event at the Summer X Games 2019 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Awards &amp; accolades.
Minor was nominated for 2 Team USA Male Athlete of the month awards and nominated for Best Male Athlete with a Disability ESPY Award in 2017.
Charity.
Minor works with Adaptive Action Sports, a non profit organization founded by Amy Purdy and Daniel Gale, which assists athletes with disabilities to train in adaptive extreme sports.
Personal life.
Minor was born in Scranton, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="56870014" url="?curid=56870014" title="1918 in Taiwan">
1918 in Taiwan

Events from the year 1918 in Taiwan, Empire of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56870017" url="?curid=56870017" title="Gorgos">
Gorgos

Gorgos (1903 – 1920) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed considerable promise as a two-year-old in 1905 when he won two of his four races including the July Stakes. In the following spring he recorded an upset victory in the 2000 Guineas but was beaten in all of his subsequent races. He was retired from racing at the end of the year and became a successful breeding stallion in France.
Background.
Gorgos was a brown horse bred and owned by Arthur James. The colt was sent into training with Richard Marsh at his Egerton House stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Gorgos was one of the best horses sired by Ladas who won the 2000 Guineas and the Epsom Derby in 1894. His dam The Gorgon, was a high class racehorse who won the New Stakes for Arthur James in 1899 and later became a successful broodmare whose other descendants included Nebbiolo.
Racing career.
1905: two-year-old season.
Gorgos made little impact on his racecourse debut in June 1905 when he finished unplaced in the Triennial Stakes at Royal Ascot. In the following month, ridden by Herbert Jones he won July Stakes over five and a half furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse at odds of 7/4 from the favoured Alcanzor. A month later he led from start to finish to win the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse. On his final start of the year he finished third in the Boscawen Stakes at Newmarket in autumn.
1906: three-year-old season.
On 2 May Gorgos, with Herbert Jones in the saddle, started a 20/1 outsider in field of twelve for the 98th running of the 2000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile course for which the leading contenders appeared to be Gingal (runner-up in the Dewhurst Stakes) Bill of Play, Admiral Crichton, Beppo and Frustrator. The Coventry Stakes winner Black Arrow delayed the start with his "obstreperous" behaviour but then started quickly and led the field to halfway with Gorgos settled behind the leaders. Approaching the last quarter mile Ramrod and Admiable Crichton disputed the lead but the pair then swerved towards the centre of the track allowing Gorgos and the unnamed "Dame Agneta colt" (later named "Sancy") to join the issue. In a closely contested finish Gorgos prevailed by a head from the Dame Agneta colt, with Ramrod a neck away in third.
Two weeks later the colt was moved up in distance for the Newmarket Stakes over ten furlongs and finished third behind Lally and Malua. In the Derby over one and a half miles at Epsom Racecourse on 30 May Gorgos started the 10/1 fifth favourite but was never in serious contention and finished seventh behind Spearmint. At Goodwood on 2 August Gorgos was stepped up in distance and matched against older horses to contest the Goodwood Cup over two and a half miles and finished third behind Plum Tree. On 12 September the colt ran in the St Leger over fourteen and a half furlongs at Doncaster Racecourse but after being left behind in a "shockingly bad" start he finished unplaced behind Troutbeck. Gorgos was "badly knocked about" in the race and never ran competitively again.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Gorgos a "poor" winner of the 2000 Guineas.
Stud record.
In 1907, Gorgos was sold to the 11th Duc de Gramont and exported to become a breeding stallion in France. The best of his offspring included Sourbier (Prix du Jockey Club), Gorgorito (Prix Royal Oak), Bridaine (Prix du Cadran) and Listman (Poule d'Essai des Poulains). Gorgos died in France in July 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="56870020" url="?curid=56870020" title="Pearson PLC">
Pearson PLC


</doc>
<doc id="56870023" url="?curid=56870023" title="2004 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament">
2004 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament

The 2004 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 27–29, 2004. The top four regular season finishers of the league's teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Dutchess Stadium in Wappingers Falls, New York. won their third tournament championship and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2004 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Seeding.
The top four teams were seeded one through four based on their conference winning percentage. They then played a double-elimination tournament.
All-Tournament Team.
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Valuable Player.
Brian Hansen was named Most Valuable Player. Hansen was a catcher for Le Moyne.

</doc>
<doc id="56870028" url="?curid=56870028" title="Reyhna Pandit">
Reyhna Pandit


</doc>
<doc id="56870033" url="?curid=56870033" title="Alekseev">
Alekseev


</doc>
<doc id="56870038" url="?curid=56870038" title="Latvian Red Army">
Latvian Red Army


</doc>
<doc id="56870047" url="?curid=56870047" title="Grace Ross Cadell">
Grace Ross Cadell


</doc>
<doc id="56870048" url="?curid=56870048" title="PRhyme 2 (album)">
PRhyme 2 (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56870085" url="?curid=56870085" title="Patton Motor Company">
Patton Motor Company

The Patton Motor Company was an street car manufacturer in Chicago.
History.
The Patton Motor Company was based in 340 and 342 Dearborn St., Chicago, where it manufactured around 1898 patented electric street cars. These were used as a feeder for trolley lines, for nightwork or for long distance work. They were particularly adapted for service where, because of operating expense, the trolley equipment was unsatisfactory. They required no poles, no wires, no power house, no bonding of rails but only ordinary track. The company guaranteed to provide street car service under average conditions for less than two cents per car mile for power.
A gasoline engine was used to drive a dynamo, which in turn operated the electric motor. The principal claim of the inventor was the use of a storage battery, which accumulated the power of the dynamo, when on a down grade, or at rest, and which was automatically connected in to assist when the work was heavy.
The gasoline was stored in a tank in the roof of the car. The tank capacity of 23 gallons (87 litres) was sufficient for . During a trial run at Racine, Wisconsin on 8 July 1896 over the line of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul &amp; Pacific Railroad the car attained at times speeds of and surmounted grades of up to 55 feet to the mile (10 ‰) without difficulty beyond perceptibly slowing down.
The motor cars were used as a smoking car and motor at the Chattagnooga Rapid Transit Company and as an independent motor by the Cedar Falls (Iowa) &amp; Normal Railway. A combination double truck car was also on offer.

</doc>
<doc id="56870089" url="?curid=56870089" title="King Tin (constituency)">
King Tin (constituency)

King Tin () is one of the 37 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District of Hong Kong which was created in 1994 and currently held by Civic Party member Wong Ka-ying.
The constituency loosely covers Lei On Court, Hong Tin Court and Sceneway Garden in Lam Tin with the estimated population of 20,225.

</doc>
<doc id="56870110" url="?curid=56870110" title="Fenty Beauty">
Fenty Beauty

Fenty Beauty (stylized as FEИTY BEAUTY) is a cosmetics brand that was launched on September 8, 2017 by Rihanna. The brand is popular for its broad inclusivity across skin tones and gender, especially its Pro Filt'R foundation. The original foundation launch included 40 shades, since expanded to 50. The inclusion of Fenty Beauty concealer includes 50 shades offering a wide variety to all skin types. The intent behind having so many shades to offer is to differentiate from other makeup companies that do not cater to a broad market. Fenty Beauty was named one of "Time" magazine's best inventions of 2017.
Background.
In June 2013, Rihanna trademarked her surname, Fenty, for use on an array of products, leading to speculation that she would begin working on endeavors other than her music. Fenty Beauty was among these new trademarks.
Rihanna launched Fenty Beauty in 2017 when she was 29 years old. Previously she had collaborated with MAC Cosmetics, as well as released 10 fragrances via Parlux Ltd, but Fenty Beauty was her first solo cosmetics brand. She developed the line with luxury conglomerate Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessey (LVMH), signing a deal in 2016 to produce Fenty Beauty through LVMH's Kendo division. Kendo Holdings, Inc, is an "incubator" company that manufactures cosmetics as white-label products for sale through cosmetics retailer Sephora, another LVMH subsidiary, as well as other outlets. "Women's Wear Daily" reported that LVMH may have paid $10 million (USD) for the agreement, which followed on Kendo deals to produce Marc Jacobs Beauty and Kat Von D Beauty lines.
Rihanna, who is from Barbados, created Fenty Beauty to provide for the inclusion of all skin tones in cosmetics offerings, including extensive shade offerings for people with deeper skin tones.
History.
Launch.
Fenty Beauty's first products went on sale on September 8, 2017. The launch coincided with New York Fashion Week, where Rihanna also had a runway show for her collaboration with Puma. Promotion was so extensive, "The New York Times" wrote, "one might be forgiven for thinking it's actually Rihanna New York Fashion Week." In the US, the line launched in Sephora stores, on the Sephora website, and on Fenty Beauty's website. In the UK, Fenty Beauty was initially exclusive to Harvey Nichols department stores, until it was announced in May 2019 the line would also become available in the high street chemist Boots UK. Fenty Beauty is available online or in store in over 15 countries. Fenty Beauty arrived in Saudi Arabia, seen as a potentially lucrative market for the brand, with cosmetic sales in the country at an all-time high.
2017–18.
Fenty Beauty products have drawn international praise for the range of shades offered, in particular for including darker shades among the first 40, then 50 different colors for its Pro Filt'R foundation, addressing a long-criticized gap in cosmetic industry offerings for black women and other women of color. Many brands soon followed Fenty after its release and added more shades to their collections. Subsequent launches of new products and new lines have been criticized for the failure to live up to the new standard set by Fenty Beauty, for instance Kim Kardashian West's line KKW Beauty, Tarte's Shape Tape Foundation, and Benefit's Hello Happy foundation.
The line's Stunna Lip Paint, a red lipstick launched November 23, 2017 (Thanksgiving, just ahead of Black Friday Sales), also drew broad enthusiasm. Reviewing the product at BuzzFeed News, Leticia Miranda noted the history of controversy around red lipstick, particularly for women of color, saying the context made the choice of color for Stunna "assertive, confrontational, unapologetic". Since the release of the original red Stunna Lip Paint, Fenty Beauty has also released four more lip paints in baby pink, peach nude, chocolate brown, and black.
On March 23, 2018, the line launched a limited-edition highlighter called Dirty Thirty for Rihanna's 30th birthday; it is the line's popular Killawatt Freestyle Highlighter in Trophy Wife shade (metallic gold), packaged with XXX (the Roman numerals for 30) instead of the brand's FB logo.
On April 6, 2018, Fenty Beauty released three products in its Beach, Please collection. Body Lava, Fenty Beauty's first body product, is a liquid that can be buffed into any part of the body for illumination and is available in either a peach tone called Who Needs Clothes or a golden one, Brown Sugar. To apply the Body Lava, the Kabuki Brush is available for purchase separately. Meanwhile, the Fairy Bomb Glittering Pom Pom is both applicator and product: the pom pom is packed with rose gold glitter designed to fit all skin tones. The pom pom also has a vanilla-coconut scent.
On October 4, 2018, Fenty Beauty launched their winter collection titled ChillOwt, which included a variety of winter-themed and cool-toned products. These included the Killawatt Foil Palette, a highlighter palette with seven metallic shades, two lipstick sets (Snow Daze and Snow Nights), and a number of multi-use products, including sets of crayons for lip and eye (titled FrostHunny, FrostBunny, and FrostMoney) and loose pigmented powder (Avalanche Powders), for eyes, lip and cheek, in seven metallic shades.
2019–2020.
On January 11, 2019, Fenty Beauty launched Pro Filt’r Instant Retouch Concealer in 50 shades. In addition, Pro Filt’r Foundation add 10 new shades, bringing the total to 50, with the concealer shades number to correspond to the same number foundation. Each shade of Pro Filt’r concealer range is made to correspond with the same or any suitable Pro Filt’r Foundation number. The company also announced a setting powder product, the Pro Filt’r Instant Retouch Setting Powder in eight translucent shades, as well as a number of beauty tools, including Powder Puff Setting Brush 170, Precision Concealer Brush 180, and Lil Precision Makeup Sponge Duo 105.
Pricing.
The initial products released by Fenty Beauty were widely seen as reasonably priced (especially compared to other prestige brands) and accessible to a broad range of consumers, following Rihanna's approach to her fragrance releases.
Marketing.
In the brand's first month, Fenty Beauty recorded $72.0 million in earned media value (a measure of marketing success), ahead of other high-profile brands like including Kylie Cosmetics, Benefit, Urban Decay, KKW Beauty and NYX. Also in the brand's first month, Fenty Beauty-related content received 132 million views on YouTube.
In February 2018, Fenty Beauty released an ad featuring rapper Saweetie that showed a group of women getting ready to attend the Super Bowl. The spot drew enthusiasm for its send-up of the award-winning 1990s Budweiser ad campaign "Whassup" (in which a group of men acknowledged one another only by repeating an intoxicatedly slurred "What's up?" over and over), but the Fenty version also attracted some criticism as the women greeted each other in "Whassup"-style drawl with the word "bitch".
Diversity.
As with the product line, Fenty Beauty also drew international acclaim for diversity in its advertising campaign, which prominently featured numerous black models and other models of color. Faces of the initial Fenty Beauty campaign included Slick Woods, Halima Aden, Leomie Anderson, Indyamarie Jean, Paloma Elsesser, Selena Forrest, Camila Costa, and Duckie Thot. Soon after Rihanna released her line, other brands such as Make Up For Ever and L'Oréal started ad campaigns aimed at women of color.
Fenty Beauty has embraced makeup use across gender lines, producing an ad in March 2018 called "My Fenty, My Mood", in which Instagram star and comedian Kway plays his comic character Titi promoting the brand. Also in March 2018, Daniel Kaluuya, nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his starring role in "Get Out", appeared on the Oscar red carpet wearing Fenty Beauty's Pro Filt'R Foundation (specifically, shades 480 and 490). "Time" magazine described him as looking "luminous"; in the UK edition of "The Huffington Post", Patricia Ekall said his "dewy glow brought the ‘no-makeup-makeup’ look to another level." Several outlets noted men's use of makeup was "not unusual", but said the news nevertheless "pleasantly surprised" fans.
Rihanna has drawn some criticism for failing to cast transgender models in Fenty Beauty campaigns. In response she invoked a desire to avoid tokenism and respect privacy, saying she has "work[ed] with many gifted trans women throughout the years, but I don't go around doing trans castings! Just like I don't do straight non-trans women castings! I respect all women, and whether they're trans or not is none of my business! It's personal and some trans women are more comfortable being open about it than others so I have to respect that as a woman myself! I don't think it's fair that a trans woman, or man, be used as a convenient marketing tool!"
Sales.
Within one month of release, Fenty Beauty's sales were valued at $72 million, and sold-out products widely reported, with darker shades of foundation particularly in demand (shoppers noted even testers were often gone from stores.) In the UK, the line became Harvey Nichols's biggest beauty launch ever (passing previous leader MAC Cosmetics): in September the department stores sold one Fenty Beauty foundation every minute and one lipstick every three minutes. The launch also helped raise LVMH's cosmetic and perfume sales for the third quarter of 2017 by 17%.
According to Bernard Arnault, chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of LVMH, Fenty Beauty's sales reached almost 500 million euros ($573 million) by the end of 2018.
 "Forbes" reported that following 15 months of operation, in 2018, Fenty Beauty accumulated US$570 million in revenue. The entire operation is worth US$17 billion, of which 50% belongs to its CEO, Rihanna.
In popular media.
Fenty Beauty has been referenced in "Taste" by Tyga, "Make Up" by Ariana Grande from her 2019 studio album, and in the 2018 song "Correria (Remix)" by Brazilian rapper BK.
Awards.
Fenty Beauty was named to "Time" magazine's list of the 25 best inventions of 2017, alongside NASA's Martian spacecraft InSight, Apple's iPhone X, Nike's Pro Hijab, and the Tesla Model 3. "Time" cited Fenty Beauty's 40-shade range of foundations that quickly sold out.
Fenty Beauty also won the WWD Beauty Inc. award in 2017 for launch of the year in the prestige sector.

</doc>
<doc id="56870111" url="?curid=56870111" title="Emperor (1993 album)">
Emperor (1993 album)


</doc>
<doc id="56870120" url="?curid=56870120" title="Mohamed Aboussalam">
Mohamed Aboussalam

 Mohamed Aboussalam (born 20 August 1996) is a French-Moroccan basketball player who plays for Cambrai Basket and .
Professional career.
Aboussalam played for the youth teams of Rouen, before joining the LNB Pro B team in 2016. In 2018, he signed his first professional contract when he signed with MAS Fes of the Division Excellence.
National team career.
Aboussalam represented Morocco's national basketball team at the 2017 AfroBasket in Tunisia and Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="56870129" url="?curid=56870129" title="Afrocolombian">
Afrocolombian


</doc>
<doc id="56870138" url="?curid=56870138" title="Conceivability argument">
Conceivability argument


</doc>
<doc id="56870141" url="?curid=56870141" title="Karl Marx Monument (Rostov-on-Don)">
Karl Marx Monument (Rostov-on-Don)

Monument to Karl Marx () is a monument situated at Karl Marx Square in the city of Rostov-on-Don, Rostov Oblast, Russia. It was installed in 1959 at the site of the old Karl Marx Monument, which was destroyed during World War II. It is officially declared as an object of Cultural heritage of Russia.
History.
The monument to Karl Marx was opened on June 28, 1925 at the central square of Nakhichevan-on-Don (now part of the Proletarsky district of Rostov-on-Don). The monument was installed on the pedestal of the Monument to Catherine II, which was earlier demolished by the Bolsheviks. The square around the monument later was also named after Karl Marx.
The old sculpture was cast by "Dvigatel" Technical Association. The author of the monument was sculptor Vladimir Bibaev. The right hand of Marx was laid over the side of his coat, while the left one rested on a pile of books. On the pedestal there was a memorial plaque with the inscription: "The monument was built by the workers of Nakhichevan district according to the resolution of the 2nd broad working conference issued on November 23, 1924".
During the Great Patriotic War, the monument was destroyed by the troops of the Wehrmacht who captured the city: the sculpture was shot from a tank. After the war, a smaller version of the monument was erected on the square. The memorial plaque from the old monument had been preserved and was transferred to a Rostov museum. The surviving part of the pedestal was moved to the square near the Rostov Cinema (it is situated opposite the Rostov State University) and Mikhail Lomonosov sculpture was installed on it.
The existing monument was constructed at Karl Marx Square in 1959. The authors of the monument were sculptor Moisey Altshuler and architect Mikail Minkus. The bronze figure of Marx was mounted on a high granite pedestal and was cast in Leningrad.
The monument to Karl Marx was earlier declared as an object of cultural heritage of Federal significance, but in 1997 its status was reduced to of Local significance.
In the late 1990s, representatives of the local Armenian diaspora wished to restore the Monument to Catherine II at the same place, but this initiative did not gain enough support. The issue of transfer of Karl Marx Monument and the restoration of the Monument to Catherine II again began to be actively discussed in 2005, when a Monument to Sergey Kirov was moved to Rostov-on-Don. According to surveys, against the transfer of the Monument to Marx was the majority of the inhabitants of Proletarsky District. According to preliminary estimates, the work on the transfer of the monument would cost 1 million rubles. According to one of the projects, the monument to Marx can be moved to the corner of Sholokhov Avenue and the 20th Line. In 2014, the communist public movement "The Essence of Time" collected 1500 signatures and presented them to the Governor of the Rostov Oblast and spoke against the transfer of the monument.

</doc>
<doc id="56870143" url="?curid=56870143" title="SuperSport Albania">
SuperSport Albania


</doc>
<doc id="56870161" url="?curid=56870161" title="Chung Hwa Book">
Chung Hwa Book


</doc>
<doc id="56870186" url="?curid=56870186" title="SuperSport">
SuperSport


</doc>
<doc id="56870201" url="?curid=56870201" title="Luiza Monteiro">
Luiza Monteiro

Introduction.
Luiza Monteiro is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor who has won gold medals in the Gi at all four major events and in no-gi at three of the four major events. This record makes Luiza one of the most successful female Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitors of all time.
Luiza began training when she was around 13/14 years old and passed through various schools before receiving her Black Belt in 2010 from Rodrigo Cavaca.
At the beginning of 2018 Luiza joined the Atos Jiu-Jitsu Team in San Diego California where she now trains alongside competitors such as Andre Galvao, Kaynan Duarte and Lucas Barbosa.
Competitive Summary.
In the major gi championships she is a:-
2x World Championship champion&lt;br&gt;
6x Pan-American Championship champion&lt;br&gt;
2x European Championship champion&lt;br&gt;
6x Brazilian Nationals champion
In the major Nogi championships she is a:-
4x World Nogi Championship champion&lt;br&gt;
2x Pan Ams Nogi Championship champion &lt;br&gt;
1x Brazilian Nationals Nogi Championship champion
Competitive Style.
Luiza is known for her leglocks, footlocks and toeholds finishing three opponents during her Gold medal winning campaign at the 2016 Euros. She also finished her Semi-final opponent at the San Francisco open 2018 with a toehold.

</doc>
<doc id="56870232" url="?curid=56870232" title="Ghar, Gurdaspur">
Ghar, Gurdaspur

Ghar is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 179 houses and the population of 852 of which 437 are males while 415 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 76.34%, highest than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 104 which is 12.21% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 1039 highest than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 37.68% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 325 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 238 males and 87 females. According to census survey report 2011, 48.31% workers describe their work as main work and 51.69% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56870244" url="?curid=56870244" title="Stade Général-Seyni-Kountché">
Stade Général-Seyni-Kountché


</doc>
<doc id="56870247" url="?curid=56870247" title="Scuola San Paolo Genoa Castelletto">
Scuola San Paolo Genoa Castelletto


</doc>
<doc id="56870258" url="?curid=56870258" title="Walter Meller">
Walter Meller

Walter Meller (1819 – 10 January 1886) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Meller was elected Conservative MP for Stafford at the 1865 general election and held the seat until 1869, when the 1868 general election result was overturned due to "corrupt practices".

</doc>
<doc id="56870259" url="?curid=56870259" title="Kindle keyboard">
Kindle keyboard


</doc>
<doc id="56870266" url="?curid=56870266" title="Ivy Hatch Nature Reserve">
Ivy Hatch Nature Reserve

Ivy Hatch Nature Reserve in Ivy Hatch, north of Tonbridge in Kent, is a reserve managed by the Kent Wildlife Trust.
Several streams run through this small site, and there are many wetland plants, including sphagnum moss. There are many common spotted orchids, and trees such as alders and hazels.
There is access from Ismays Road.

</doc>
<doc id="56870272" url="?curid=56870272" title="Richard Glynn">
Richard Glynn


</doc>
<doc id="56870279" url="?curid=56870279" title="Khanagyan">
Khanagyan


</doc>
<doc id="56870282" url="?curid=56870282" title="Thunder beast">
Thunder beast


</doc>
<doc id="56870286" url="?curid=56870286" title="Foureira">
Foureira


</doc>
<doc id="56870307" url="?curid=56870307" title="James Burnes (surgeon)">
James Burnes (surgeon)

James Burnes (12 February 1801–19 September 1862) was a Scottish doctor and surgeon in India, who became physician-general of Bombay.
Life.
Burnes was born on 12 February 1801 at Montrose, where his father James Burnes was Provost. He was a medical student at Edinburgh University, and London's Guy's Hospital and St Thomas's Hospital.
Burnes arrived in 1821 at Bombay, with his brother Alexander Burnes. After taking minor posts in the medical service, he was successful in the open competition for the office of surgeon to the residency of Cutch State, quite recently in the hands of the East India Company. The state was led by Deshalji II, a minor, and there was an incursion from Sindh that forced the British brigade to retire to Bhuj. Burnes accompanied, as a volunteer, the field force which in 1825 expelled the Sindians.
With a flattering invitation, Burnes then visited Hyderabad in Sindh. He undertook what was a diplomatic mission to the satisfaction of the British. In England on sick leave in 1834, he was made an LL.D. of Glasgow University and a Fellow of the Royal Society, and received the knighthood of the Royal Guelphic Order from William IV.
On his return to India in 1837, Burnes was appointed garrison surgeon of Bombay, then secretary of the medical board, superintending surgeon, and finally physician-general. He was also a member of the board of education, and took an interest in the medical training of Indians. Poor health led him to resign in 1849, after twenty-eight years' service.
On his return home, Burns occupied himself with the local affairs of Forfarshire, where he was a justice of the peace. He moved to London, England, and died there on 19 September 1862.
Freemasonry.
Burnes became a Freemason in an English Lodge: Benevolent Lodge, No. 480, in 1828, (Bombay, [Mumbai] India). That Lodge no longer exists. When in Scotland in 1834, he was made an honorary member of Lodge St Peter, No. 120, (Montrose). On 30 April 1835 he was made an honorary member of Lodge Canongate Kilwinning, No. 2, (Edinburgh).
In 1836 he was appointed by the Grand Lodge of Scotland to be the Provincial Grand Master of Western India. His jurisdiction was later extended and he became Grand Master of all Scottish Freemasonry in India. During his term in office two Scottish Masonic Lodges were established. One by the name of Rising Star of Western India, No. 342, (Bombay) and the other, St Andrew-in-the-East, No. 343, (Poona, India). Both were granted Charters by the Grand Lodge of Scotland on 18 November 1844.
Works.
A narrative of his visit to Sindh, sent in by Burnes as an official report to the resident at Cutch, was a contribution to the geography of India. It was published in book form, as "Narrative of a Visit to Scinde", in 1830. He wrote also a "Sketch of the History of Cutch" (lithographed for private circulation, 1829), and a "Sketch of the history" of the Knights Templar.
Legacy.
When Burnes left Bombay, medals were founded, to be competed for at the Grant Medical School, Bombay, the Montrose Academy, and the boys' and girls' schools at Byculla. Both Scottish Lodges founded during Burnes' term as Grand Master continue to meet in Mumbai and Pune, India, (2019).
Burns Road is named after him.
Family.
Burnes married in 1829 Sophia Holmes, daughter of Sir George Holmes, in Bombay; they had nine children. He married, as his second wife, Esther Pryce, in June 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="56870323" url="?curid=56870323" title="James Burnes (physician)">
James Burnes (physician)


</doc>
<doc id="56870327" url="?curid=56870327" title="Bayou Country (disambiguation)">
Bayou Country (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870329" url="?curid=56870329" title="Wolphert Gerretse">
Wolphert Gerretse


</doc>
<doc id="56870331" url="?curid=56870331" title="Mehran Mousavi">
Mehran Mousavi

Seyed Mehran Mousavi (, born 20 April 1991) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Foolad in the Persian Gulf Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="56870335" url="?curid=56870335" title="Adolf Weiler">
Adolf Weiler

Adolf Weiler (1851–1916) was a Swiss mathematician.
Life and work.
After his studies in the Department of Mathematics Teachers of the Polytechnicum of Zurich, he went to study at university of Göttingen and university of Erlangen under Alfred Clebsch and Felix Klein. He was awarded doctor in 1874 with a dissertation on quadratic line complexes. Some years before, in 1872, he constructed a model of the Clebsch's diagonal surface.
Returned to Switzerland, he was mathematics professor at "Ryffel Institute" and he obtained the "venia legendi" both at Polytechnicum as the University of Zurich. His main research was in algebraic geometry.

</doc>
<doc id="56870337" url="?curid=56870337" title="Carlos Cañizales">
Carlos Cañizales

Carlos Antonio Cañizales Civira (born 11 March 1993) is a Venezuelan professional boxer who has held the WBA (Regular) light flyweight title since 2018.
Professional career.
Cañizales turned professional in 2014 and won 16 consecutive fights before challenging Ryoichi Taguchi for the WBA light flyweight title, the fight would end in a draw. He would get another title opportunity against Reiya Konish this time for the regular version of the WBA title.
His first title defence would be against Lu Bin on 15 July 2018 on the Pacquiao-Matthysse undercard in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Cañizales managed to drop Bin twice, once in the eleventh round and again in the twelfth, en route to a twelve-round technical knockout (TKO) victory.
For his second title defence, Cañizales faced former champion Sho Kimura. Cañizales managed to survive an aggressive start from Kimura, outworking the Japanese for most of the remainder of the fight, en route to a twelve-round unanimous decision (UD) victory.

</doc>
<doc id="56870352" url="?curid=56870352" title="Aryabhata Award">
Aryabhata Award

The Aryabhata Award or Aryabhatta Award is an annual award, presented to individuals with notable lifetime contributions in the field of astronautics and aerospace technology in India.
It was instituted by the Astronautical Society of India (ASI) "(estd.1990)", an International Astronautical Federation's member "(since 1958)". The award usually is presented by Minister of State in Prime Minister's Office. The award consists of a citation and Rs.One lakh in cash.
History.
The award is named after the fifth century Indian astronomer and mathematician Aryabhata, and in commemoration of the first Indian satellite Aryabhata (launched 19 April 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="56870353" url="?curid=56870353" title="Suku (disambiguation)">
Suku (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870355" url="?curid=56870355" title="Böhm (disambiguation)">
Böhm (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870356" url="?curid=56870356" title="Anthony Chalençon">
Anthony Chalençon

Anthony Chalençon (born 13 August 1990) is a French male visually impaired cross-country skier and biathlete who also formerly competed as an alpine skier. He switched from alpine skiing to take up Paralympic Nordic skiing after a disastrous start to his Paralympic career as an alpine skier in 2010. Anthony Chalençon clinched his first Paralympic medals after clinching a bronze medal in the 15km visually impaired biathlon event and gold in the Open Relay during the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Career.
Anthony Chalençon took up Para Nordic skiing in late 2011. With Benjamin Daviet and Thomas Clarion he won two world titles in the relay in 2015 and 2017.
He competed for France at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. He claimed his maiden Paralympic medal at the Pyeongchang Winter Paralympic Games, which was a bronze in the biathlon event.
He claimed his first Paralympic gold medal during the 2018 Winter Paralympics after winning the men's 4 x 2.5 km relay open team event for France along with other members including Benjamin Daviet and Thomas Clarion.

</doc>
<doc id="56870360" url="?curid=56870360" title="Dark One (disambiguation)">
Dark One (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870362" url="?curid=56870362" title="Ypthima striata">
Ypthima striata

Ypthima striata, the Nilgiri jewel fourring or striated fivering , is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in south India.
Description.
George Hampson (1889) gives a detailed description as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="56870365" url="?curid=56870365" title="The old refrain">
The old refrain


</doc>
<doc id="56870367" url="?curid=56870367" title="Wolfert Gerritsen van Couwenhoven">
Wolfert Gerritsen van Couwenhoven


</doc>
<doc id="56870372" url="?curid=56870372" title="Anthony Chalencon">
Anthony Chalencon


</doc>
<doc id="56870376" url="?curid=56870376" title="ASHWANI KUMAR CHOUBEY">
ASHWANI KUMAR CHOUBEY


</doc>
<doc id="56870377" url="?curid=56870377" title="Highfield School (disambiguation)">
Highfield School (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870384" url="?curid=56870384" title="2018 Winter Paralympics medal standings">
2018 Winter Paralympics medal standings


</doc>
<doc id="56870385" url="?curid=56870385" title="Institut für Höhere Studien">
Institut für Höhere Studien


</doc>
<doc id="56870393" url="?curid=56870393" title="Jericho Sirens">
Jericho Sirens

Jericho Sirens is the fourth studio album by American post-hardcore band Hot Snakes. It was released in March 2018 under Sub Pop.

</doc>
<doc id="56870396" url="?curid=56870396" title="France at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships">
France at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships

France competed at the 2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines at the Vélodrome de Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines from 18–22 February 2015. A team of 21 cyclists (9 women, 12 men) was announced to represent the country in the event.
2016.
France competed at the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships at the Lee Valley VeloPark in London, United Kingdom from 2–4 March 2016. A team of 18 cyclists (5 women, 13 men) was announced to represent the country in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="56870401" url="?curid=56870401" title="Pterygioteuthis hoylei">
Pterygioteuthis hoylei

Pterygioteuthis hoylei is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae. It is considered conspecific with "Pterygioteuthis giardi" by some authorities. It can be identified from "P. giardi" by having four photophores on the tentacles and many chromatophores spread along the tentacle stalk and around the aboral surface of the tentacular club. It is also slightly larger than "P. giardi", it has been so far recorded only from the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean where it is the only species of in the family Pyroteuthidae to occur there, although its actual distribution may be wider than currently known. The specific name honours the British malacologist William Evans Hoyle (1855-1926).

</doc>
<doc id="56870404" url="?curid=56870404" title="Ministry of the Military (disambiguation)">
Ministry of the Military (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870407" url="?curid=56870407" title="DB Regio Bus">
DB Regio Bus


</doc>
<doc id="56870412" url="?curid=56870412" title="Majilpur">
Majilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56870415" url="?curid=56870415" title="Mojilpur">
Mojilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56870418" url="?curid=56870418" title="Hong Kong Baptist University Affiliated School Wong Kam Fai Secondary and Primary School">
Hong Kong Baptist University Affiliated School Wong Kam Fai Secondary and Primary School


</doc>
<doc id="56870426" url="?curid=56870426" title="Augsburg tramway">
Augsburg tramway


</doc>
<doc id="56870442" url="?curid=56870442" title="Mazilpur">
Mazilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56870444" url="?curid=56870444" title="G̃ (disambiguation)">
G̃ (disambiguation)

G̃ or g̃ is the letter G with a tilde.
G̃ or g̃ may also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="56870448" url="?curid=56870448" title="Augsburger Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund">
Augsburger Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund

The Augsburger Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund (German for Augsburg Transport and Tariff Association) or AVV is the transit authority of the city of Augsburg, located in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. Its jurisdiction covers the city and its surrounding area, responsible for the commuter trains, the Augsburg tramway and buses.
The AVV coordinates transport and fares in area comprising the city of Augsburg and three surrounding districts. It is jointly owned by the state of Bavaria, the city of Augsburg and the three surrounding districts, which are:
History.
The first plans for a transport association in the Augsburg region had already been drawn up in 1974, but the shareholders' agreement was not signed until 1985 before the "Verbundgesellschaft" finally commenced operations on 1 July 1985. In July 1985, the "Verbundgesellschaft" commenced business operations and initially started a test operation with eight sections (1 Mering and Kissing; 2 Eurasberg, Dasing, Friedberg, Aichach and Inchenhofen; 3 Aindling and Pöttmes; 4 Gersthofen, Meitingen, Wertingen, Nordendorf, Donauwörth and Otting-Weilheim; 5 Neusäß, Zusmarshausen, Welden and Altenmünster; 6 Langenneufnach, Gessertshausen, Dinkelscherben and Stadtbergen; 7 Klosterlechfeld, Schwabmünchen and Bobingen; 8 Königsbrunn). The AVV initially replaced the community tariff of the "Verkehrsgemeinschaft Augsburg" (VGA) before it was completely dissolved in 1995. In later years, the area was successively extended, first from 24 September 1989 by the district of Aichach-Friedberg, then from 2 June 1991 by the Welden / Aystetten / Zusmarshausen area including local rail passenger transport to Donauwörth and from 27 September 1992 by the Diedorf / Gessertshausen / Dinkelscherben area. Around the mid-1990s, changes were made to the tariff zones. For example, the bus stop "Wertachbrücke" used to belong to zone 20, whereas today it belongs to zone 10. The city of Friedberg used to be a further tariff zone between today's zones 31 and 32. In the course of the new division, Friedberg now belonged to zone 20 and has since been the valid zone border for tariff zones 31 and 32. In addition, the AVV tariff on the Nuremberg-Augsburg railway line has applied since 1 August 2006 to Otting-Weilheim station in the district of Donau-Ries.

</doc>
<doc id="56870459" url="?curid=56870459" title="The Love Collection (Jinny Ng album)">
The Love Collection (Jinny Ng album)

The Love Collection is the first compilation album released by Hong Kong female singer, Jinny Ng. It was released on 27 November 2014 along with 4 different postcards.

</doc>
<doc id="56870477" url="?curid=56870477" title="2018 GT3 Le Mans Cup">
2018 GT3 Le Mans Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56870479" url="?curid=56870479" title="Mozilpur">
Mozilpur


</doc>
<doc id="56870481" url="?curid=56870481" title="Oliver Sail">
Oliver Sail

Oliver "Oli" Sail is a New Zealand professional footballer who currently plays for Wellington Phoenix as a goalkeeper. He also has been selected for the New Zealand national football team.
Club career.
Wanderers SC.
Sail started his career playing for Wanderers SC, a special club set up to develop players for the New Zealand national under-20 football team.
Auckland City.
In 2013, Sail joined Auckland City but wouldn't debut until the following year in the semi-final of the 2013–14 ASB Premiership, when he replaced Tamati Williams in Auckland City's 4–1 victory over its classic rival Waitakere United.
Wellington Phoenix.
Sail joined Wellington Phoenix to be part of their new reserves team playing in the ASB Premiership.
On 3 March 2017, Sail signed his first senior contract, penning a two-year deal with Wellington Phoenix.
On 25 March 2018, Sail made his A-League debut against Brisbane Roar in a 2–2 draw.
Sail had a wait of 663 days between games before he saw another start for the Phoenix after not playing at all during the 2019-2020 season, getting the start in 2–2 draw against Western Sydney Wanderers. He then went on to record successive clean sheets against the Newcastle Jets and Perth Glory as well as man of the match honours, helping a resurgent Phoenix claim back-to-back victories for the first time in a year.
International career.
U-20.
Though Sail was picked for the New Zealand U-17 team in 2013, he didn't get on the pitch. He was then picked for the New Zealand U-20 team for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup played in New Zealand, making his debut in the 0–0 draw against Ukraine. He then started again in the 4–0 loss to the United States three days later.
Senior.
In 2014, Sail was called up to New Zealand's senior squad for two friendlies against China and Thailand, but he was unused in both matches.

</doc>
<doc id="56870486" url="?curid=56870486" title="Gioconda (Madrid)">
Gioconda (Madrid)


</doc>
<doc id="56870493" url="?curid=56870493" title="Case file (disambiguation)">
Case file (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56870496" url="?curid=56870496" title="Paix d'Amiens">
Paix d'Amiens


</doc>
<doc id="56870505" url="?curid=56870505" title="List of TV5 Network, Inc. TV and radio stations">
List of TV5 Network, Inc. TV and radio stations


</doc>
<doc id="56870509" url="?curid=56870509" title="Phase III offensive">
Phase III offensive

Phase III of the Tet offensive of 1968 (also known as the August offensive or Third offensive) was launched by the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and Viet Cong (VC) from 17 August to 27 September 1968. The offensive was divided into two waves of attacks from 17 to 31 August 1968 and from 11 to 27 September of that same year.
Background.
In late June 1968, COSVN and the commanders of Military Region 5 held a series of conferences to review the results of the May offensive, also in attendance was Lê Duẩn who had pushed for the original plan for the General Offensive–General Uprising. The majority of the attendees, including Chinese military advisers, regarded the May offensive as a failure and opposed any renewal of the offensive. Lê Duẩn supported by General Hoàng Văn Thái and General Man then persuaded the attendees to support the launching of a third offensive by mid-August. The Chinese advisers opposed this decision and returned to China, while several of the Vietnamese who had voiced their opposition to the new offensive were fired. The offensives of May and August were primarily re-directed towards military targets, intending to blunt the perception that military victory was attainable for the US.
On 24 July in Hanoi, Lê Duẩn met with senior leaders responsible for military affairs including PAVN chief of staff, General Văn Tiến Dũng to develop the operational plan for the offensive. 
After considering the recommendations submitted by COSVN and Military Region 5, it was agreed that Tây Ninh Province with its proximity to base areas in Cambodia would be the main area of operations. Saigon would not be targeted because of the severe losses suffered by VC forces there in the Tet and May offensives and subsequent Allied security operations. The plan called for the 5th and 9th Divisions to draw the U.S. 25th Infantry Division away from its positions between Tây Ninh and Dầu Tiếng allowing VC local force units to attack Tây Ninh. The 7th Division would attack Lộc Ninh in Bình Long Province to divert the U.S. 1st Infantry Division and the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) 5th Division from reinforcing Tây Ninh. Other PAVN/VC units would launch further diversionary attacks across the region.
In the Central Highlands the PAVN 1st Division was to seize the Duc Lap Camp and then move northeast to threaten Buôn Ma Thuột. The PAVN 24th Regiment would cut Highway 14 between Buôn Ma Thuột and Pleiku. The 95C and 101D Regiments would make diversionary attacks on Allied bases across Kon Tum Province, while in the lowland areas VC units would make attacks by fire and sapper attacks on Allied bases.
In central I Corps the PAVN 31st and 38th Regiments would attack the 1st Marine Division positions around Da Nang allowing 6 VC local force battalions to penetrate and attack key installations across the city while the PAVN 368B Artillery Regiment would shell Da Nang Air Base.
In southern I Corps a reinforced regiment from the PAVN 2nd Division would attack Tam Kỳ and another reinforced regiment from the PAVN 3rd Division would attack Quảng Ngãi.
Allied intelligence was able to detect the planning of the offensive, its timing and objectives. On 10 August COMUSMACV General Creighton Abrams reported to the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff that the
“current deployment of [allied] ground forces is satisfactory,” and he was “confident in our ability” to defeat the offensive. General Abrams ordered increased air strikes on suspected PAVN/VC assembly areas, but specifically ordered his commanders not to be drawn out into the countryside but rather to stay back and defend the population centers.
The offensive.
Battle of Tây Ninh.
On the evening of 17 August a night ambush patrol from Company D, 2nd Battalion, 27th Infantry Regiment, operating between Nui Ba Den and Highway 13 3km east of Tây Ninh, observed a VC unit marching toward the capital. They called in artillery fire and engaged the VC with small arms and the VC retreated to the north and east.
At midnight on 18 August a battalion from the 273rd Regiment, 9th Division, attacked Firebase Buell II () which was defended by 2 platoons from Company D, 3rd Battalion, 22nd Infantry Regiment, two platoons from Company C, 4th Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment and 5 M48 tanks from Company A, 2nd Battalion, 34th Armor Regiment. The PAVN hit the tanks with B40 Rocket-propelled grenades to no effect and were unable to penetrate the base perimeter. At dawn the PAVN withdrew leaving 104 dead and 8 wounded.
At the same time 9th Division sappers climbed Nui Ba Den to attack the U.S. communications station on its summit. The sappers penetrated the perimeter destroying several buildings and the electric generators that provided power to the base. At dawn the PAVN withdrew leaving 15 dead. U.S. losses were 8 dead and 23 wounded. New generators were flown in and the base became operational later that day.
Also during the early morning of 18 August the D14 Local Force Battalion and a company from the 275th Regiment attacked southeast Tây Ninh but were held back from the center by Regional and Popular forces and police. At dawn Companies A and B, 4/23rd Infantry moved from Firebase Rawlins III () to southeast Tây Ninh, and the ARVN Task Force 2-34 was deployed to the southwest. Once these blocking forces were in position the Regional and Popular Forces within the city began pushing the PAVN back to the south and by nightfall the D14 Battalion had withdrawn southeast away from the city.
At 09:30 on 18 August, 8km southeast of Tây Ninh the 275th Regiment ambushed Troop A, 3rd Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment on Route 239 in the Cau Khoi Plantation. Company A, 1st Battalion, 5th Infantry Regiment, was dispatched south down Route 26 and attacked the VC flank, killing 34. U.S. casualties totaled four dead and 17 wounded.
At midday on 18 August Company B 1/5th Infantry engaged a two battalion strong PAVN unit in the Bến Củi Rubber Plantation northeast of Tây Ninh. Company C 1/5th Infantry and its reconnaissance platoon were sent to reinforce Company B and with artillery and air support by 16:00 they had scattered the enemy force who left behind 92 dead, a field radio and three .50-caliber machine guns. Captured documents showed that the force comprised a battalion from the 33rd Regiment and the D24 Anti-Aircraft Battalion.
On the morning of 19 August, 1/5th Infantry regained contact with the 33rd Regiment in the Bến Củi Plantation. Companies B and C and the reconnaissance platoon, engaged PAVN who had reoccupied their previous fighting positions. After several M113 armored personnel carriers became bogged down the U.S. advance halted and by dusk the 33rd Regiment withdrew further into the plantation. U.S. losses were 2 killed and 24 wounded.
At 18:45 on 19 August, the 33rd Regiment ambushed a column of Company B 1/5th Infantry and Troop A 3/4th Cavalry as they moved along Route 239 through the Bến Củi Plantation towards Dầu Tiếng Base Camp. B-40 and recoilless rifle fire knocked out the two leading vehicles and Company B established a defensive position north of the road while artillery and air strikes were called in. At 20:45 a troop from the 3/44th Cavalry attacked the enemy flank allowing the column to disengage and move east, fighting its way through further ambushes with B-40s knocking out 2 M48s and 2 M113s. U.S. losses were 8 killed and 44 wounded while PAVN losses were estimated to be more than 200.
On the early morning of 20 August, a night ambush platoon from Company A, 2/27th Infantry, 2km north of Tây Ninh Combat Base spotted a unit of VC. On engaging the unit with their personal weapons, the return fire indicated that they were facing a VC battalion. Air and artillery support was called in while the platoon fought to prevent the VC from overrunning their position. The VC withdrew at dawn leaving 155 dead, U.S. losses were 5 killed and 6 wounded.
On the morning of 20 August, Company B, 4/23rd Infantry, was ambushed by elements of the 275th Regiment on Route 26 through the Cau Khoi Plantation. Company A deployed south down Route 26 from Firebase Rawlins III and the combined force made the VC disengage leaving 28 dead. U.S. losses were 4 dead and 7 wounded.
On the morning of 21 August as Company C and the reconnaissance platoon of 1/5th Infantry patrolled the northwest of the Bến Củi Plantation they were engaged by the 33rd Regiment. The PAVN aggressively closed on the U.S. force sending in 2 battalions of infantry and knocking out the 6 lead M113s with B-40 rockets. The unit withdrew killing 182 VC for the loss of 18 U.S. killed and 23 wounded. S. Sgt. Marvin R. Young would be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for taking command of his platoon after the commander had been killed and covering its withdrawal.
On the afternoon of 21 August Troop A 3/4th Cavalry and Company A 4/23rd Infantry, clashed with VC again in the Cau Khoi Plantation. U.S. losses were 3 killed and 5 wounded.
On the night of 21 August the PAVN/VC launched simultaneous attacks on Firebases Buell II and Rawlins III. The 174th Regiment attacked Firebase Buell II which was defended by Companies C and D, 3/22nd Infantry, the attack was repulsed at a cost of 60 PAVN/VC killed and 11 wounded soldiers captured. U.S. losses were 3 killed and 18 wounded. The 3d Battalion, 275th Regiment attacked Firebase Rawlins III which was defended by Companies A and B, 4/23rd Infantry, the attack was repulsed at a cost of 25 PAVN/VC killed and 4 wounded soldiers captured. U.S. losses were 1 killed and 10 wounded.
On the morning of 22 August on Route 239 in the Bến Củi Plantation, Company B, 1/5th Infantry, reengaged elements of the 33rd Regiment killing 24 PAVN/VC for the loss of 4 U.S. dead and 16 wounded.
On 22 August, 25th Infantry Division commander MG Ellis W. Williamson instructed his 2nd Brigade to move north to Dầu Tiếng and on 23 August the 2nd Brigade established its headquarters there and assumed operational control over 1/5th Infantry. Troop A, 3/4th Cavalry, and the 1st and 2nd Battalions, 27th Infantry, each minus one company were also placed under 2nd Brigade operational control. These reinforcements allowed the 1st Brigade to focus its efforts on the areas immediately surrounding Tây Ninh. The 2nd Brigade commandeer sent a task force comprising Companies A, B and D of the 2/27th Infantry, supported by elements of Troop A, 3/4th Cavalry. to construct a new firebase named Schofield () on Route 239 halfway between the Bến Củi and Cau Khoi Plantations. The firebase became operational that evening, with two 105-mm. howitzer units, Battery A, 1st Battalion, 8th Artillery Regiment and Battery C 7th Battalion, 11th Artillery. After midnight on 24 August 2 battalions from the 33rd Regiment attacked Firebase Schofield in a 4 hour long assault. PAVN/VC losses were 103 dead and an unusually large number of weapons were captured including 4 machine guns, 4 60-mm. mortar tubes, 2 recoilless rifles and 11 B-40 launchers. U.S. losses were 9 dead and 41 wounded, 4 M113s and 2 M48s were destroyed.
On the afternoon of 25 August, an 89 vehicle supply convoy manned by troops from the 6th and 7th Transportation Battalions escorted by military police in gun-jeeps was moving along Highway 22 towards Tây Ninh Combat Base. As the convoy passed by the Thanh Duc Rubber Plantation approximately 10km southeast of Tây Ninh they observed troops in ARVN uniforms in the trees to the east. The troops were actually the PAVN 88th Regiment in stolen uniforms who then opened fire on the convoy hitting it with mortars, B-40 rockets and machine gun fire. The lead vehicles were able to escape the ambush and sped north towards Tây Ninh, but an oil tanker was hit and burst into flames blocking the road for the 58 vehicles behind it. The drivers and MPs dismounted and returned fire from behind their vehicles or along the roadside. A relief force from the 4/23rd Infantry was sent to the ambush site with elements approaching from the north and south. At 14:00 Troop B 3/4th Cavalry, arrived at the southern end of the plantation and half the force was sent into the plantation to attack the PAVN left flank, while the others were sent to secure the convoy. At 14:15 helicopters landed Company C, 3/22nd Infantry, at the northern end of the ambush and they proceeded to attack the PAVN right flank. The counterattacks forced the PAVN deeper into the plantation and those vehicles that could move were sent north to Tây Ninh, while another 20 damaged vehicles awaited recovery. The PAVN withdrew as darkness fell and when U.S. forces swept the plantation the next day they found 103 PAVN dead among the destroyed bunkers, U.S. losses were 21 dead and 22 vehicles destroyed. For his actions during this battle Sgt. William W. Seay would be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
After midnight on 27 August, the 275th Regiment attacked Firebase Rawlins III. The attack was easily repulsed by the defending 4/23rd Infantry who killed 58 PAVN and captured 2 wounded prisoners, 3 machine guns and 5 B-40 launchers for the loss of only 8 wounded.
On 11 September the offensive against Tây Ninh was renewed when the 271st Regiment fired 200 mortar rounds at Firebase Buell II before launching an attack that was repulsed by the 3/22nd Infantry. PAVN/VC losses were 9 killed, U.S. losses were 17 wounded. Shortly afterwards the D14 Battalion attacked three Regional/Popular Forces posts to the north of Tây Ninh, opening a route for the 271st Regiment into the city. The Province Chief called for assistance and the ARVN 6th Airborne Battalion and an artillery battery were flown into the hamlet of Ven Ven on Highway 22, while the South Vietnamese 2nd and 3rd Marine Battalions and another artillery battery were flown in to set up another firebase 8km further east. On the evening of 11 September the ARVN 3rd Airborne Brigade and the 4th Marine Battalion were landed by helicopter in the northeast suburbs of Tây Ninh to clear the area. When the PAVN/VC withdrew the following morning they left 21 dead.
Also on 11 September a battalion from the 275th Regiment attacked the position of Company A, 1/5th Infantry, of the 25th Infantry Division on the west of the Bến Củi Plantation. The attack continued throughout the night and Companies B and C and Company B, 3/22nd Infantry were sent to support Company A. The PAVN/VC withdrew at dawn leaving 100 dead, U.S. losses were 3 killed and 18 wounded.
On 12 September the PAVN 88th Regiment, attempted a repeat of the 25 August ambush on Highway 22, 3km north of that ambush site. The targeted convoy comprised 19 vehicles from the 48th Transportation Group including 1 M48 and an M113. The initial fire disabled a vehicle in the middle of the convoy and its crew and those of the following 4 vehicles dismounted and engaged the PAVN, while the front section drove north and the rear section pulled back from the ambush site. 25th Infantry Division M113s operating nearby quickly arrived at the ambush site as did helicopter gunships. The PAVN withdrew leaving 18 dead, while U.S. losses were only 1 vehicle destroyed.
On 13 September, the 3rd Battalion, 272d Regiment attacked Firebase Buell II. After a 600-round mortar barrage the infantry attacked the base but were easily repulsed leaving 76 dead for no U.S. losses. The VC retreated west taking refuge in a hamlet southwest of Tây Ninh where they were engaged late that day by the ARVN 2nd Airborne Battalion who killed 150 VC for the loss of 9 dead and 17 wounded.
On 14 September, Company B, 4/23rd Infantry, engaged the 1st Battalion, 272nd Regiment 12km east of Tây Ninh, killing 33 PAVN/VC. While patrolling Route 239 6km west of Dầu Tiếng a 1/5th Infantry unit engaged a unit of the 275th Regiment killing 25 PAVN/VC. 
Between 16 and 20 September, units from the 275th Regiment attacked 1/5th Infantry outposts in and around the Bến Củi Plantation losing more than 20 killed for no U.S. losses. The 174th Regiment attacked units from the 4/23rd Infantry and the 3/22d Infantry near the Cau Khoi Plantation with no U.S. losses. 
After midnight on 20 September the 1st Battalion, 272nd Regiment, attacked a Regional Forces outpost in Phước Tân hamlet, 20km west of Tay Ninh City, losing 35 killed in the brief assault. The 1st Marine
Battalion was deployed to Phước Tân later that day to defend against any renewed assault. That evening the 271st Regiment attacked, the assault was repelled with air and artillery support, killing 128 VC with 6 captured. The ARVN 8th Airborne Battalion was also deployed to Phước Tân and on the night of 27 September the 272nd Regiment attacked again losing 150 killed.
Lộc Ninh.
On the morning of 19 August PAVN 7th Division mortar crews shelled the Lộc Ninh Special Forces Camp. At dawn the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, was sent to locate the PAVN and that afternoon they engaged the 5th and 6th Battalions, 165th Regiment, in the rubber plantations southwest of Lộc Ninh in a running 2 day battle. PAVN losses were 32 dead and 20 captured, while U.S. losses were 4 dead and 31 wounded, with 2 M113s destroyed.
On 20 August, the 1st Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment was flown into Lộc Ninh to support the 2/11th ACR. Over the next four days the U.S forces engaged the 165th Regiment southwest of Lộc Ninh and then a battalion from the 320th Regiment northeast of Lộc Ninh, killing more than 200 PAVN for the loss of 12 U.S. killed. On 25 August the PAVN units began withdrawing into their sanctuaries in Cambodia.
On the morning of 11 September renewed the offensive by mortaring Lộc Ninh Special Forces Camp and the 1/2nd Infantry's adjacent base. At dawn 2 companies from 1/2nd Infantry began a sweep east of Lộc Ninh to locate the mortar positions. The infantry companies were engaged by entrenched PAVN 2km east of Lộc Ninh losing 5 killed and 10 wounded before withdrawing. The next morning the 1st Battalion, 28th Infantry Regiment was flown into Lộc Ninh and 3 companies were sent in separate columns towards Hill 222 (), 6km north of the town. Around midday the columns were engaged by a battalion size PAVN force which they were only able to overcome with air and artillery support and the arrival of Troop E 2/11th ACR killing 121 PAVN and capturing three individual and nine crew-served weapons. Meanwhile, Companies C and D, 1/2nd Infantry headed east again, finding the PAVN bunkers deserted before coming upon and even larger occupied bunker complex 5km east of Lộc Ninh which they were unable to capture despite air and artillery support. On 13 September the PAVN attacked Companies C and D to cover the withdrawal of the rest of their unit. After repelling this attack Companies C and D pursued the PAVN further east and at 13:00 they engaged the fresh 4th Battalion, 320th Regiment. Troop E, 2/11th ACR was sent to support the 1/2nd Infantry and the PAVN disengaged. Also on 13 September at Hill 222 the 1/28th Infantry, got into position to assault the hill, while three companies from the 2nd Battalion, 16th Infantry Regiment were landed in blocking positions east of the hill. At 13:00 as the helicopter carrying 1st Infantry Division commander MG Keith L. Ware flew in to observe the assault on Hill 222 it was hit by anti-aircraft fire 5km south of Lộc Ninh and crashed killing all eight on board. The initial assault on Hill 222 was repulsed by intense PAVN fire and 1/28th Infantry was withdrawn to allow for more air and artillery preparation, but a follow-up attack was similarly repulsed and the PAVN launched their own counterattacks before the fighting ended as darkness fell. On the morning of 14 September, Companies B and C, 1/2nd Infantry, marched north to join the attack at Hill 222, but when the assault resumed later that day they found that the PAVN had abandoned the position overnight.
IV Corps.
On the night of 21–22 August VC units attacked 75 targets across IV Corps (South Vietnam). Of those attacks, 39 were attacks by fire and only 7 of the ground attacks involved more than a single company. At Bến Tre an assault by the 516th and 550th Battalions was repulsed by the ARVN. On 24 August, the 263rd and 514A Battalions assaulted a district headquarters in Mỹ Tho Province, but their mortar crews hit their own infantry when their mortar baseplates sank into swampy ground.
Saigon.
On the night of 21–22 August, 22 122-mm. rockets hit Saigon, in the first such attack for 2 months. 17 civilians were killed and 69 wounded. One of the rockets hit the National Assembly building, causing severe damage.
I Corps - Da Nang.
On the night of 22–23 August PAVN and VC attacked 36 bases, towns and cities across I Corps mainly with rocket and mortar fire. A VC sapper attack on Landing Zone Bowman () in the Que Son Valley killed 5 U.S. and wounded 26 while the VC lost only 1 killed and 1 captured. In Da Nang a company from the R20 Battalion and a sapper platoon infiltrated Forward Operating Base 4, a compound just south of Marble Mountain Air Facility that contained a Military Assistance Command, Vietnam – Studies and Observations Group headquarters, several Special Forces teams and a MIKE Force company, killing 17 Special Forces soldiers (their largest one-day loss of the war) and wounding another 125 allied soldiers, 32 VC were killed.
At 01:00 on 23 August the VC V25 and T89 Battalions tried to capture the Cẩm Lệ Bridge, 2km south of Da Nang Air Base to allow follow-on units to attack the city. A platoon of U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) Company D, 1st Military Police Battalion defended the bridge from their bunkers until they were relieved by the 1st Battalion, 27th Marines and ARVN Rangers. North of the bridge, a company from the VC 402nd Sapper Battalion tried to seize the Hòa Vang District but were held back by Regional Force units who were also reinforced by Marines and Rangers. The 402nd Sappers fell back to the Cẩm Lệ Bridge, where they continued to fight for a further 9 hours, but by late afternoon after air and artillery strikes they abandoned the position leaving 184 dead.
South of Da Nang the ARVN 2nd Division and 2 Ranger battalions with Marine air support repulsed probing attacks from the PAVN 31st and 38th Regiments, killing almost 300 PAVN before they withdrew to their bases on Go Noi Island.
1st Marine Division commander MG Carl A. Youngdale ordered his units to block the retreat of the PAVN from Da Nang in Operation Sussex Bay. At 08:15 on 29 August Company M, 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines engaged a PAVN force 4km south of Hill 55. Company D 1st Battalion, 1st Marines and Company G 2/27th Marines supported by tanks arrived to support the 3/7 Marines killing 42 PAVN for the loss of 2 Marines killed and 41 wounded. ARVN Rangers engaged a PAVN Battalion between the hamlets of Dong Lien and Ha Nong Tay (2) killing 80 PAVN for the loss of 8 ARVN. Further south a PAVN platoon ambushed Company D, 1st Battalion, 5th Marines near the Song Tinh Yen river killing 12 Marines and wounding 18 for the loss of 25 PAVN dead.
At midnight on 30 August Company H 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines ambushed a PAVN unit attempting to cross the Song Ky Lam river to Go Noi island killing 29 for no U.S. losses. An ARVN Ranger unit swept the area later that day killing a further 31 PAVN/VC.
On 31 August the ARVN 21st and 37th Ranger Battalions trapped a PAVN unit in a bend of the Song Ky Lam with the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines on the opposite bank killing 80 PAVN with 1 captured for the loss of 7 ARVN dead and 45 wounded. At 20:00 Company H 2/5th Marines ambushed 30 PAVN as they attempted to cross the Song Ky Lam on boats, killing all on board.
I Corps - Quảng Ngãi.
On the morning of 24 August patrols from Troop A, 1st Squadron, 1st Cavalry Regiment engaged the 1st Regiment, 3rd Division 6km west of Quảng Ngãi. Troops B and C of the 1/1st Cavalry and an infantry company from each of the 4th Battalion, 21st Infantry Regiment and the 2nd Battalion, 1st Infantry Regiment were sent to support Troop A. After 4 days of fighting the 1st Regiment withdrew west to its mountain bases leaving 567 dead.
II Corps.
On the morning of 18 August a battalion from the 101D Regiment attacked Dak Seang Camp in northwest Kon Tum Province. The CIDG defenders repelled the assault, killing 35 PAVN and capturing 11. The following day, PAVN gunners hit the camp with mortar and recoilless rifle fire. 
On 20 August a battalion from the 24th Regiment assaulted an ARVN firebase on Highway 14 22km north of Pleiku. The ARVN repelled the assault killing 87 PAVN for the loss of 9 ARVN dead.
On the night of 23–24 August PAVN/VC artillery hit more than thirty locations across II Corps. 
Also on the night of 23 August the 66th Regiment and the 20th Sapper Battalion gathered near Duc Lap Camp in preparation for their attack on the base while the 320th Regiment established a blocking position on Highway 14 northeast of Duc Lap to intercept allied ground units. In the ensuing Battle of Duc Lap from 24 to 27 August the assault would be repelled for the loss of over 700 PAVN, 114 ARVN and 7 U.S. killed.
Aftermath.
By the end of August the US claimed that the PAVN/VC had lost approximately 8700 killed in the offensive. General Abrams told his subordinates on 24 August that "He’s [the PAVN/VC] a prisoner of his own damn strategy, and he can’t find a good way out. He can’t admit it–that’s impossible for him." Abrams correctly predicted that the PAVN/VC would stagger their attacks across the various fronts to keep the offensive going for as long as possible, but that their strategy was hopeless given their declining capabilities.
The US claimed that the PAVN/VC lost 16,578 soldiers in August and a further 13,163 in September, while U.S. losses over the same period were over 700 dead and an unknown number of ARVN/Allied troops although not all of these were involved in the Phase III offensive. MACV regarded the offensive as a "dismal failure" that had "foundered from the outset" indicating that the PAVN were approaching exhaustion. 

</doc>
<doc id="56870511" url="?curid=56870511" title="Barsudhal">
Barsudhal

Barsudhal is a village in Dhar Kalan in Gurdaspur district of Punjab State, India. It is located from sub district headquarter, from Pathankot, from district headquarter and from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by Sarpanch an elected representative of the village.
Demography.
, The village has a total number of 167 houses and the population of 780 of which 337 are males and 403 are females according to the report published by Census India in 2011. The literacy rate of the village is 79.89%, higher than the state average of 75.84%. The population of children under the age of 6 years is 84 which is 10.77% of total population of the village, and child sex ratio is approximately 1000, higher than the state average of 846.
Most of the people are from Schedule Caste which constitutes 16.28% of total population in the village. The town does not have any Schedule Tribe population so far.
As per census 2011, 253 people were engaged in work activities out of the total population of the village which includes 198 males and 55 females. According to census survey report 2011, 65.61% workers describe their work as main work and 34.39% workers are involved in marginal activity providing the livelihood for less than 6 months.
Transport.
The nearest train station is located away in Dalhousie road and Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is away from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="56870512" url="?curid=56870512" title="Retribution (Ektomorf album)">
Retribution (Ektomorf album)


</doc>
<doc id="56870518" url="?curid=56870518" title="Anolidae">
Anolidae


</doc>
<doc id="56870533" url="?curid=56870533" title="Thomas Sidney">
Thomas Sidney

Thomas Sidney (5 January 1805 – 10 March 1889) was a British Liberal Party and Conservative Party politician, and tea merchant.
Family and early life.
Born in Stafford in 1805 to William Sidney and his wife Ann, Sidney was educated at Stafford Grammar School, becoming a tea importer and merchant on Ludgate Hill in 1838. He first married to Sarah Hall, daughter of William Hall, in 1831, and they one daughter, Ellen (born ). After Sarah's death in 1857, he remarried to Eleanor Mary Ward, daughter of W. Ward, on 12 January 1860. He had at least one other child, Thomas Stafford.
Political career.
Sidney's political career began as City Councillor of the City of London for Farringdon Ward for 1843 to 1844, and then as alderman of Billingsgate in 1844, a position he held for 36 years. He was also appointed Sheriff of the City of London and Middlesex in 1844, and Lord Mayor of London from 1853 to 1854. Incidentally, he was followed in this role by Francis Moon, the father of his son-in-law Reverend Edward Graham Moon, who had married his daughter Ellen.
He was first elected Conservative MP for Stafford at the 1847 general election, but stood down at the next election in 1852 in order to stand for Leeds where he was unsuccessful. He again unsuccessfully sought election in 1857 for Worcester as a Peelite Conservative, and then returned to Stafford to seek re-election as a Liberal in 1859.
He later returned to Parliament as a Liberal member after a by-election in 1860 — caused by the resignation of John Ayshford Wise — and held the seat until the 1865 general election, when he retired.
Bowes Manor.
In 1855, Sidney leased the Bowes Manor in Bowes Park, after the death of Sir Thomas Wilde, 1st Baron Truro, later purchasing the property in 1866. He began developing the western border of the estate in 1870, laying out what is now Palmerston Road in around 1870, and building 30 large houses backing onto the New River. He also paid for much of the construction of the St Michael-at-Bowes Church, which was completed in 1874 and in which he is now buried.
Upon his death in 1889, the manor and estate were put up for sale, but no purchasers came forward, and it was instead leased to the guardians of the poor of St Mary's Church, Islington; it later became ran down and divided up for development, and then sold for building in 1899.
Other activities.
Sidney was also a Justice of the Peace for Middlesex and Westminster and a Deputy Lieutenant for London. He was also an Overseer of the Poor in 1849, but was exempted, and the became a churchwarden for 1852/1853.

</doc>
<doc id="56870543" url="?curid=56870543" title="1st Florida Volunteer Infantry (1898)">
1st Florida Volunteer Infantry (1898)


</doc>
<doc id="56870552" url="?curid=56870552" title="W'z">
W'z

W'z is a 2019 anime television series produced by Frontier Works and animated by GoHands. A sequel of "Hand Shakers", it aired from January 5 to March 30, 2019. The series stars Katsumi Fukuhara in the lead role, and features music by various EDM artists. From April 10 to 14, a live-action theatre stage was held in Tokyo.
Plot.
Shortly after the events of "Hand Shakers", Tazuna, Koyori, Mayumi, and Nagaoka finally meet God, and their wish was later granted. However, they later disappear without a trace. This also results in Koyori losing her power. Tazuna decides to never stop searching for them.
Ten years later, Yukiya Araki - an irregular Hand Shaker - is introduced. Trying to become a DJ, Yukiya tries to avoid holding hands with other people, lest he turns them into Hand Shakers like him. One night, while trying to get more views for his music videos, Yukiya brings his friend Haruka into the Ziggurat, the alternate dimension that hosts battles for all Hand Shakers. Unfortunately, this brings the attention of other Hand Shakers, who want to defeat Yukiya and take his power.
Anime.
The series aired from January 5 to March 30, 2019 on MBS, Tokyo MX, TVQ, and BS11.  GOON TRAX will produce the series' music. Ryōhei Takenaka will perform the series' opening theme, while Fuki will perform the series' ending theme.  The series ran for 13 episodes.  "W'z" is a sequel to "Hand Shakers".

</doc>
<doc id="56870555" url="?curid=56870555" title="Guatemalan migrants in the United States">
Guatemalan migrants in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56870558" url="?curid=56870558" title="Ian Moss (album)">
Ian Moss (album)

 Ian Moss is the seventh studio album by Australian musician Ian Moss. The album was announced in November 2017 alongside a national tour commencing in June 2018. and is Moss’s first solo album in nine years and his first of all original material in 22 years. The album was produced by Peter Walker, who also produced Cold Chisel's self-titled debut in 1978.
The album was released in March 2018 and peaked at number 11 on the ARIA Charts, becoming Moss's second highest charting solo album in his career.
Recording.
Moss said, "I started doing some recording in Nashville, but discovered that you could have your great, raw material songs, but then after that, the arrangement can really make or break things. And that's where I thought Peter Walker really came into his own. Peter produced the first Cold Chisel album all those years ago. He has got a fantastic ear for arrangement.
Reception.
Stack Magazine said "This is his finest solo album" singling out "Broadway" as an instant classic and other highlights "Down Along the Track" and "If Another Day". Simon Collins from The West Australian said ".. his soulful voice and supple fret-work across 11 classic rock songs imbued with snatches of soul, blues and country." calling the album "Top shelf".

</doc>
<doc id="56870560" url="?curid=56870560" title="Keiler García">
Keiler García


</doc>
</root>