<doc id="56966011" url="?curid=56966011" title="Shelly Lundberg">
Shelly Lundberg

Shelly J. Lundberg is an economist and currently holds the positions of Leonard Broom Professor of Demography at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where she serves as Associate Director of the Broom Center for Demography. Lundberg is one of the world's leading population economists.
Biography.
Shelly Lundberg earned a B.A. from the University of British Columbia in 1975 and a Ph.D. from Northwestern University in 1981, writing her thesis on the relationship between unemployment and household labour supply. After her graduation, Lundberg became an assistant professor of economics at the University of Pennsylvania (1980–84) before moving on to the University of Washington. There, she was promoted first to associate professor of economics (1989–94), then to full professor (1994-2004) and finally was made Castor Professor of Economics in 2004. While at the University of Washington, Lundberg directed the Center for Research on Families (2001–11) as well as the Center for Studies in Demography and Ecology. Since 2011, she has been the Leonard Broom Professor of Demography at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), where she serves as Associate Director of the Broom Center for Demography. In parallel, Lundberg has held visiting appointments at the Russell Sage Foundation and Princeton University. She has been a professor (II) of economics at the University of Bergen,
Besides her academic positions, Lundberg is also affiliated with the IZA Institute of Labor Economics, of which she is a research fellow, and the American Economic Association, wherein she chairs the Committee on the Status of Women in the Economics Profession. Her research has been honoured through the award of a national fellowship at the Hoover Institution (1982–83), a Fellowship in the Society of Labor Economists, whose President she was in 2012-13, and a Downing Fellowship. Moreover, Lundberg has served in the past as Chair of the Social Sciences and Population Studies of the National Institutes of Health, as vice-president of the Association of Population Centers, and as member of the Scientific Advisory Board of the German Institute for Economic Research (DIW). Finally, she also performs editorial duties for the "Journal of Demographic Economics", "IZA World of Labor", and the "Review of Economics of the Household", and has done so in the past for the "American Economic Review", "Journal of Population Economics", "Demography", "Labour Economics", and the "Journal of Human Resources".
Shelly Lundberg is married to economist Richard Startz, with whom she has two children.
Research.
Shelly Lundberg's research focuses on labour economics, inequality, and the economics of the family. In her research, she has particularly frequently collaborated with Robert A. Pollak. According to IDEAS/RePEc, Lundberg belongs to the top 2% of economists in terms of her research.
Research on the labour economics of households.
One area of Lundberg's research concerns the labour economics of households. In her seminal 1985 paper, Lundberg developed the concept of the added worker effect, which explains countercyclical increases in the labour supply of married women as responses to their husbands' cyclical unemployment.* In further work, Lundberg finds that the labour supply of married couples remains separately determined as long as the couples don't have children of preschool age; thereafter, the working hours of families become highly correlated and display negative cross-earnings effects. Together with Elaina Rose, Lundberg finds that the effects of parenthood on the earnings and hours worked of married men and women strongly vary on the continuity of the mother's attachment to the labour force and on the child's gender: if the wife's employment is interrupted, the fall in the hours worked and wages of the wife is partly offset by an increase in the labour supply and earnings of the husband, whereas in the opposite case fathers' hours worked decrease strongly; moreover, all else equal, fathers tend to increase their labour supply and wages substantially more in case of a son than if they have a daughter, a finding in line with further work by Lundberg on child gender bias.
Research on intrahousehold bargaining.
A second area of Shelly Lundberg's research addresses bargaining within married couples. In a seminal paper with Robert A. Pollak, Lundberg developed the "separate spheres" bargaining model, wherein spouses don't threaten each other with divorce but rather with the adoption of a non-cooperative separate spheres approach to the marriage, with important implications for marriage market and the distributional consequences of transfer policies. Relatedly, Lundberg and Pollak are critical of "common preferences" (unitary) models of households compared to household models that involve intra-household bargaining and emphasize spouses' relative control over resources. In line with this view, Lundberg, Pollak and Terence Wales observe that the reallocation of child benefits to wives in the UK was associated with substantial increases in households' expenditures on women's and children's clothing. Lundberg and Pollak have also challenged the notion that bargaining in marriages generally results in efficiency, arguing that inefficient outcomes may occur if current decisions can be expected to affect future bargaining power. Together with Startz and Steven Stillman, Lundberg has also studied the sudden drop in consumption associated with the retirement of male household heads, which she explains through the shift in control over household income due to retirement and wives' preference to save more because of their relatively higher life expectancies.
Research on the economics of teenage pregnancies.
A third area of Lundberg's research deals with the economics of premarital adolescent fertility. In research with Robert Plotnick, Lundberg observes important differences between the responsiveness of Caucasian and Afro-American adolescents' premarital pregnancies, pregnancy outcomes and prenatal marriages to welfare benefits, abortion laws and family planning policies, with Afro-Americans' behaviour being essentially unaffected by these policy variables. The importance of racial differences in the effects of teenage pregnancies is also reflected by Lundberg and Plotnick's finding (together with Daniel Klepinger) that having a child before age 18 significantly reduces educational attainment only among Afro-Americans, though significant negative effects can also be observed for Caucasians and Hispanics with regard to childbearing before the age of 20. By reducing young women's educational attainment, teenage childbearing also is found by Lundberg, Klepinger and Plotnick to significantly depress young women's wages, offering a further rationale for public policies aimed at reducing teenage pregnancies.
Other research in labour economics, population economics and family economics.
In early work with Startz, Lundberg developed an influential model of statistical discrimination in competitive labour markets wherein social welfare could be maximized by policies prohibiting group-specific discrimination. Together with Rose, Lundberg finds that sons tend to accelerate the transition of women into marriage if the husband is also the son's biological father, though child gender doesn't affect mothers' remarriage probabilities when the children are born within a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="56966013" url="?curid=56966013" title="Farm Gate (disambiguation)">
Farm Gate (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56966019" url="?curid=56966019" title="2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championships - Division B">
2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championships - Division B


</doc>
<doc id="56966020" url="?curid=56966020" title="Shelly J. Lundberg">
Shelly J. Lundberg


</doc>
<doc id="56966021" url="?curid=56966021" title="2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championships - Division A">
2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championships - Division A


</doc>
<doc id="56966025" url="?curid=56966025" title="Gathynia miraria">
Gathynia miraria

Gathynia miraria is a moth of the family Uraniidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56966026" url="?curid=56966026" title="1939 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles">
1939 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56966028" url="?curid=56966028" title="1938 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles">
1938 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56966030" url="?curid=56966030" title="Bible Literacy Project">
Bible Literacy Project


</doc>
<doc id="56966041" url="?curid=56966041" title="Andrea Cisco">
Andrea Cisco

Andrea Cisco (born 8 October 1998) is an Italian footballer who plays as a winger for Pisa.
Club career.
Cisco made his Serie C debut for Padova on 10 April 2017 in a game against Venezia.
On 31 January 2018, he was signed by the Serie A club Sassuolo, who loaned him back to Padova until the end of the 2017–18 season. At the end of the season the loan has been extended.
On 9 January 2019, he was loaned by Sassuolo to Albissola in Serie C until the end of the season.
On 28 June 2019, Cisco joined Pescara on loan until 30 June 2021 with Pescara holding an obligation to buy his rights at the end of the loan.
On 21 January 2020, he moved on loan to Serie C club Novara for a 1.5-year term with an option to purchase.
On 11 August 2021, he joined Pisa permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="56966049" url="?curid=56966049" title="John Hely-Hutchinson (statesman)">
John Hely-Hutchinson (statesman)


</doc>
<doc id="56966055" url="?curid=56966055" title="Marie Sandholt">
Marie Sandholt

Anna Marie Louise Sandholt (1872–1942) was a Danish painter and ceramist who practised outdoor painting at a time when it was unusual for women to do so. Before studying painting, she had been active as an embroidery teacher. As a ceramist, she created porcelain figures for Bing &amp; Grøndahl. Many of her landscapes depicted trees, with which she developed a special relationship after the First World War.
Biography.
Born on 22 March 1872 in Copenhagen, Anna Marie Louise Sandholt was the daughter of the physician Peter Boll Wivet Sandholt (1827–90) and Louise Victoria Aagaard (1848–1920). After being brought up by a well-to-do family, she began to study art at the Tegne- og Kunstindustriskolen for Kvinder (Arts and Crafts School for Women). From 1892 to 1901, she continued her studies at the "Kunstakademiets Kunstskole for Kvinder" (Academy's Art School for Women). In 1902 she finished "Joy of Motherhood" which embodies the idea of fertility and the naturalness of having children.
Her real introduction to painting, however, occurred later when she was working as a maid in the home of the painter Viggo Pedersen (1854–1926) in Skamstrup near Holbæk. This contributed significantly to her artistic education.
At a time when women artists were more active in textiles than in painting, Sandholt stood out as an oil painter who took her work extremely seriously. In 1905, she returned to the Arts and Crafts School for Women, this time as an embroidery teacher. In addition to embroidered works, she designed porcelain figures for Bing &amp; Grøndahl. On one of her study trips to Italy, she met the Norwegian painter Christian Krohg who helped her develop her technique and composition.
One of her most notable early works is "Morgenglæde" (Morning Joy, 1902) depicting a mother with her four children in a double bed, inspired by Johansen's pictures of family life. She went on to paint naturalistic, outdoor scenes in a freer, more nuanced style. Her landscapes, sometimes with figures, often depicted trees and forests. She had developed a special liking for them as so many had been destroyed in the north of France during the First World War. On occasion, she also painted portraits including one of the actor Johannes Poulsen in "Twelfth Night". She exhibited at Kunsthal Charlottenborg from 1895 to 1943 but also arranged a number of solo shows throughout the country.

</doc>
<doc id="56966057" url="?curid=56966057" title="Eric Standley">
Eric Standley

Eric Standley (born 1968 in Ipswich, Massachusetts) is an American contemporary artist known for his extremely complex, multi-layered cut paper compositions. He received his BFA in Painting and Interrelated Media from the Massachusetts College of Art and an MFA in Painting at the Savanna College of Art and Design. Dr. Panagiotis Kambanis, the archaeologist of byzantine and post-byzantine antiquities at the Museum of Byzantine Culture wrote in his forward of the 2014 CUT Catalogue, "It is not the quality of the raw material that makes art, but the art that gives quality to the raw material. The works of Eric Standley consist of successive layers of intricately cut paper sheets, which with the help of lasers create a multifaceted, rich, and colorful ensemble. The result is so complex and detailed that [it] should be examined from multiple viewpoints in order for it to be fully appreciated". Standley is an associate professor of studio art for the School of Visual Arts at Virginia Tech. He lives and works in Blacksburg, Virginia, US.

</doc>
<doc id="56966059" url="?curid=56966059" title="Jayam Manade">
Jayam Manade

Jayam Manade () is a 1956 Indian Telugu-language swashbuckler film, produced by Sundarlal Nahatha and directed by Tatineni Prakash Rao. It stars N. T. Rama Rao and Anjali Devi, with music composed by Ghantasala. The film was dubbed into Tamil with the title "Vetri Veeran". Ku. Sa. Krishnamoorthi wrote the dialogues and lyrics while the music was composed by T. M. Ibrahim, though the tunes were almost the same as Telugu.
Plot.
Once upon a time, there was a kingdom, its Emperor (Gummadi) is on a vacation and left the administration to his Jagirdar Mahipathi (C.S.R.), who is innocent, ineffective and greedy. Taking advantage of his weakness for money, the army chief Prachanda (R. Nageswara Rao), who is cruel and equally greedy, fleeces the people with taxes beyond their ability to pay and usurps their property. In one such incident, he causes the death of Rosaiah (Perumallu), a sick old man who once was a valiant soldier. His son Pratap (N. T. Rama Rao) seeks to avenge his father's death. He is supported by his friend Jogulu (Relangi) and his sister Mallika (Sowcar Janaki), who nurtured a secret admiration towards him. Along with Jogulu, he inspires a group of youths to revolt against their oppressors. Pratap robs Mahipathi &amp; Prachanda and helps the poor. Prachanda announces a reward for his captors. When Mahipathi's daughter princess Shobha Devi (Anjali Devi) is on her way to the palace, Jogulu enacts a kidnap drama, Pratap in disguise saves her and introduces himself as Pradeep. Shobha and Pratap are smitten by each other. But Prachanda has designs to marry Shobha. This leads to some comic and some tense situations. The story takes an interesting turn when a veiled person who revealed Shobha later saves Pratap in a piquant situation and later when the emperor in disguise finds the truth behind the chaos in his empire. He imprisons Prachanda and declares Pratap as his heir. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Pratap &amp; Shobha.
Soundtrack.
Music composed by Ghantasala.

</doc>
<doc id="56966083" url="?curid=56966083" title="John Hines (politician)">
John Hines (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56966096" url="?curid=56966096" title="Fuzhou No.1 Middle School">
Fuzhou No.1 Middle School


</doc>
<doc id="56966098" url="?curid=56966098" title="Delaware 87ers">
Delaware 87ers


</doc>
<doc id="56966103" url="?curid=56966103" title="2018 AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Tour">
2018 AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Tour

The 2018 AVP Pro Beach Volleyball Tour is a domestic professional beach volleyball circuit organized in the United States by the Association of Volleyball Professionals (AVP) for the 2018 beach volleyball season. The 2018 AVP Tour calendar comprises a joint AVP-FIVB tournament, the "Gold Series" tournaments and the "Open" tournaments.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2018 calendar, with team progression documented from the semifinals stage. All tournaments consisted of single-elimination qualifying rounds followed by a double-elimination main draw.
Awards.
The 2018 AVP Awards Banquet was held on November 15 in Newport Beach, California. The season's top performers were chosen based on statistics, player votes and AVP national ranking points earned during the year.

</doc>
<doc id="56966117" url="?curid=56966117" title="Metorthocheilus emarginata">
Metorthocheilus emarginata

Metorthocheilus emarginata, or Chundana emarginata, is a moth of the family Uraniidae first described by George Hampson in 1891. It is found in the Indian subregion, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Borneo, Java and Seram.
Its wings are grey with brown irrorations (speckles). Margin of the forewing strongly excavate subapically. Wing apex is almost bifalcate. Hindwings narrow, triangular. Pale discal spots can be seen on both wings. The caterpillar is cylindrical. Body greyish and head rufous. Black spots found on the head and ringing each segment. Its host plants are "Wendlandia" species.

</doc>
<doc id="56966129" url="?curid=56966129" title="Danyang Pi clan">
Danyang Pi clan

Danyang Pi clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Danyang County, North Chungcheong Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Danyang Pi clan was 1399. Their founder was who was a "Jinwu Guard Commander" () in Yuan dynasty. He was dispatched to Goryeo as an envoy during Chungnyeol of Goryeo’s reign. After that, he was naturalized and began Danyang Pi clan because Pi In go (), an eldest brother of , was chosen as Prince of Danyang ().

</doc>
<doc id="56966141" url="?curid=56966141" title="2018 AVP Tour">
2018 AVP Tour


</doc>
<doc id="56966153" url="?curid=56966153" title="Arnold R. Hirsch">
Arnold R. Hirsch

Arnold Richard Hirsch (March 9, 1949 – March 19, 2018) was an American historian who taught at the University of New Orleans, where he served as Ethel and Herman L. Midlo Endowed Chair for New Orleans Studies.
Hirsch was born on March 9, 1949 and raised in Rogers Park, Chicago. His father Nathan died when Hirsch was 13, after which his mother Mollie started working at a bank. Hirsch attended Sullivan High School, then earned undergraduate and advanced degrees in history from the University of Illinois at Chicago. He began teaching at the University of New Orleans in 1978. Hirsch published "Making the Second Ghetto: Race and Housing in Chicago, 1940-1960." The book linked urban renewal in his hometown to racial segregation, and was partly inspired by the riots that took place after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. on April 4, 1968. Hirsch retired in 2013, and moved back to Chicago, settling in Oak Park. He died on March 19, 2018 of Lewy body dementia, aged 69.

</doc>
<doc id="56966164" url="?curid=56966164" title="Monobolodes parvinigrata">
Monobolodes parvinigrata

Monobolodes parvinigrata is a moth of the family Uraniidae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1998. It is found in Borneo and Sri Lanka.
As in most Lepidoptera, the female is slightly larger than the male. The wingspan of the male is 9 mm and the female is 10 mm. Wings of the male occur with shades of grey and black. Postmedial is straight. The tail of the hindwing is blunt.

</doc>
<doc id="56966165" url="?curid=56966165" title="The Post Oak">
The Post Oak

The Post Oak Hotel &amp; Tower, also popularly nicknamed the Fertitta Tower is a 36-story, mixed-use skyscraper in Uptown Houston. The building operates a hotel, office space, residencies, and retail. The Post Oak serves as the headquarters for Fertitta Entertainment and its subsidiaries including Landry's, Inc., the Houston Rockets, and the Golden Nugget casinos. A penthouse room which houses Fertitta, the developer, is located in the building.
Features.
Spa.
The "Spa at the Post Oak" is a spa. It is the only Forbes designated five-star spa in Texas. Its signature treatment, "Ritual of the Five Worlds" is only available in the spa. The owner, Tilman Fertitta, stated that he visited many of the best spas in the world in order to get inspired to deliver the best spa to the building. Other amenities in the spa include indoor pools and therapeutic tubs, treatment rooms equipped with showers, steam rooms and saunas, zero-gravity massage chairs, and a luxury fitness center.
Restaurants.
Prior to the hotel's opening, the Landry's-owned restaurant chain Mastro's Steakhouse opened as the brand's flagship location. Other notable restaurants include "Willie G's" and "Bloom and Bee".
An upscale cocktail bar named "H Bar" is located in the hotel's lobby and is notable for its $1,600 hamburger known as the "Black Gold" burger. A 30,000 wine cellar known as "The Cellar" is available for rent and features authentic tuscan-style decor. The wine selection is also available to be ordered at the property restaurants.
Media.
The Fertitta Entertainment headquarters inside the Post Oak is the site for negotiating deals in TV-series Billion Dollar Buyer on CNBC. The series' second season featured episodes that showcased the development of the hotel tower.

</doc>
<doc id="56966167" url="?curid=56966167" title="SS A. P. Hill">
SS A. P. Hill


</doc>
<doc id="56966169" url="?curid=56966169" title="Saalih Muhammad">
Saalih Muhammad

Saalih Ghana Muhammad (born August 25, 1995) is an American soccer player who plays as a defensive midfielder for New Mexico United, on loan from Oakland Roots, in the USL Championship.
Career.
After time in the academy teams of Dinamo Zagreb and Portland Timbers, Muhammad returned to Croatia and spent time with the first-teams of HAŠK and Croatia Đakovo, appearing in cup competitions for both. Muhammad came back to the United States again when he signed for North American Soccer League side San Francisco Deltas on February 15, 2017. However, he missed the entirety of the 2017 season after tearing his Achilles tendon in March. On March 15, 2018, Muhammad signed for United Soccer League club Penn FC. On February 21, 2019, Muhammad joined USL side New Mexico United.
On November 24, 2020, Muhammad joined Oakland Roots ahead of their inaugural season in then USL Championship in 2021.
Personal life.
Born in the United States, Muhammad is of Ghanaian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="56966181" url="?curid=56966181" title="Operation Litany">
Operation Litany


</doc>
<doc id="56966182" url="?curid=56966182" title="Tada-kun wa Koi o Shinai">
Tada-kun wa Koi o Shinai


</doc>
<doc id="56966184" url="?curid=56966184" title="John Hargreaves (politician)">
John Hargreaves (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56966188" url="?curid=56966188" title="Golden Orphism Book">
Golden Orphism Book

The Golden Orphism Book () is a Thracian golden artifact consisting of 6-bound sheets with total weight of 100 grams, with a size 5 to 4.5 cm, made of 23.82-karat gold. Its contents are related to the Orphism, which existed in the Thracian and Hellenistic world. Illustrations of priests, horse-rider, a mermaid, a harp and soldiers, as well as writing in Etruscan, hint at burial process of an aristocrat, devoted to the cult of Orphism. The book can be seen by the public in the National Historical Museum in Sofia 

</doc>
<doc id="56966189" url="?curid=56966189" title="Medersa">
Medersa


</doc>
<doc id="56966191" url="?curid=56966191" title="Tractability (disambiguation)">
Tractability (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56966211" url="?curid=56966211" title="Janet Cumbrae-Stewart">
Janet Cumbrae-Stewart

Janet Agnes Cumbrae Stewart (23 December 1883 – 8 September 1960) was an Australian painter. She spent the 1920s and 1930s painting in Britain, France and Italy. She was a member of the Melbourne Society of Women Painters and Sculptors.
Biography.
Cumbrae-Stewart was born in Melbourne, Australia on 23 December 1883. Her birth name was "Janet Agnes Cumbrae Stewart". She added the hyphen "Cumbrae-Stewart" in the early 1900s and then dispensed with the hyphen to sign her work.
From 1901 though 1907 Cumbrae-Stewart studied at the Melbourne National Gallery School, where she was taught by Lindsay Bernard Hall and Frederick McCubbin. From 1909 through 1919 she exhibited with the Victorian Artists Society. In 1922 she left Australia and spent the next decades painting and exhibiting in Europe.
She returned to Australia in 1939.
Cumbrae-Stewart died 8 September 1960 in Melbourne.
Legacy.
In 2003 the Mornington Peninsula Regional Gallery held a retrospective of Cumbrae-Stewart's work entitled "The Perfect Touch".
In 2017-2018 Cumbrae-Stewart was included in the Australian National Trust show "Intrepid Women – Australian women artists in Paris 1900-1950".

</doc>
<doc id="56966219" url="?curid=56966219" title="Mariyam Majudha">
Mariyam Majudha

Mariyam Majudha (born 18 March 1988) is a Maldivian film actress.
Career.
Majudha made her film debut in the Aishath Fuad Thaufeeq-directed "Hulhudhaan" as Sama (2014) alongside Roanu Hassan Manik, which was a critical success. The film was later screened at the Venice Film Festival. Her performance as Sama, a drug addict, received a positive response from the critics. The following year, she appeared in the Ali Shifau-directed romantic film "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" opposite Mohamed Jumayyil, where she portrayed the role of Meera. The film, along with Majudha's acting, was critically acclaimed. In a pre-premiere review from "Vaguthu", Ismail Nail praised Jumayyil and Majudha's chemistry in the film and mentioned that she delivered each expression to "absolute perfection". The film was the highest grossing Maldivian film of the year, and was a commercial success. The following year, Majudha collaborated with Fathimath Nahula for 13 episodes television drama series, "Umurah Salaan" (2015) which centers on a squabble family which is separated due to the greed for money and misunderstandings. The series which stars Mohamed Faisal, Aminath Rishfa, Ahmed Azmeel and Mariyam Azza in lead roles, she portrays the character Maasha, an orphan who helplessly works as a servant while being mistreated by the tenants.
For her next film, Majudha collaborated with Jumayyil and Shifau to star in the first Maldivian romantic comedy film "Vaashey Mashaa Ekee" (2016), where she starred as Nathasha. Her performance was positively received by the critics; Ahmed Nadheem from "Avas" picked her as the "best actor in the film" and acknowledged her improvement from her prior work. The film emerged as one of the highest grossing films of the year. At the 8th Gaumee Film Awards Majudha was bestowed with Best Actress for "Vaashey Mashaa Ekee" while her performance in "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" and "Hulhudhaan" received a further two nominations in the same category. She also received the Best Female Debut award for her performance in the latter. She received three Best Costume Design and three Best Makeup nominations for her work in "Hulhudhaan", "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" and "Vaashey Mashaa Ekee", ultimately winning Best Costume Design award for the latter and Best Makeup award for the former.
In 2018, Majudha was featured in Shifau's family drama "Vakin Loabin" (2018), marking her third collaboration with Jumayyil. The film tells a story of a young couple’s divorce and its impact on everyone involved. Upon release, the film met with positive response from critics—specifically praising the screenplay for toning down its melodrama and breaking from the stereotypes of its genre—and was a commercial success. In a pre-premier review from Raajje.mv, Ismail Naail Nasheed favored the character development and minimised use of melodrama in the film while praising Majudha's acting in the first and last few scenes of the movie; "the scene where she cries alone in the room before being thrown out of the house is a highlight of the film and her acting performance".
Later during the year, first Maldivian anthology film was released which featured Majudha as a drug addict in the segment directed by Ravee Farooq, titled "Gaathil". Initially planned to be her debut film, the project was shot in 2013 however was digitally released six years later due to several delays in post-production.
Media image.
In 2018, Majudha was ranked in the seventh position from "Dho?"'s list of Top Ten Actresses of Maldives where writer Aishath Maaha opined that Majudha is the "most successful" actress from the current generation.

</doc>
<doc id="56966220" url="?curid=56966220" title="SB Kitty (1895)">
SB Kitty (1895)

Kitty is a wooden Thames sailing barge in the bowsprit class of 65 tons. She was built in Harwich in 1895. She is No. 209 on the National Historic Ships Register.
Construction.
There were two branches of the Horlocks family operating from Mistley. The business was grain- bringing imported Canadian grain from London to the flour mills in Essex.
Horatio (‘Raish’) Horlock and three co-owners ordered the Kitty, he however had most of the shares
Thames barges were built for strength: Kitty was known for her speed. They had flat bottoms to allow them to be easily beached or lie on the river mud, and were rigged to allow them to be operated by two men and possibly a lad. They were built in bargeyards adjacent to a river or creek on bargeblocks- a series of trestles raised about a metre from the compacted ground, that allowed working access above and below.
The Kitty is long and broad. She is almost identical in size and layout to the well documented "Kathleen". She has a double-skinned hull of oak frames and oak floors, with 3-inch ( doubled) and solid pitch pine planking. Her keelson is a long piece of square pine, while the "Kathleen" used metal.
History.
Kitty was built for transporting grain from London and Ipswich, but could also ship timber, malt, flour, bricks, grit and general cargoes. She was generally an estuary barge not working the East Coast or the channel.
In the First World War she transported coke and stores to Calais and Boulogne for the army then reverted to the London river and the Essex coast. She was sold in 1933 to Francis and Gilders Ltd, of Colchester, who in March 1951 merged with the London and Rochester Trading Company. She traded solely under sail until July 1955. During this period in 1949 she was involved in an accident in the Surrey Commercial Docks when her deck cargo shifted and she took a sudden list and lost it colliding with the motor coaster "Grampian Coast". Though this damaged her stem, it was patched up and was sold. She then was derigged and worked as a timber lighter for Brown &amp; Co, of Chelmsford, on the Blackwater.
In 1964 John Fairbrother, trading as Maldon Yacht &amp; Barge Charter Co Ltd, bought and was re-rigged and refurbished as a twelve berth charter vessel. He raced her
in the revived barge matches. She took a first in the 1974 Pin Mill class B, and in the 1975 Medway bowsprit class. Then she was bought in 1976 by David Anderson who de-rigged her and used her as floating restaurant at Hayling Island. In April 1985 she was bought was Patrick Keen of Portsmouth who re-rigged her and installed a Perkins six-cylinder diesel engine and she became a charter yacht again: now named "My Kitty". In 1988 ownership passed to Microwave Exhibitions and Publishers Ltd. and in 1990 she was bought by Roger Marriott, and was renamed "Kitty". She was based on the Solent and used for charter work.
In 2003 she had a new mainsail cut by James Lawrence, of Brightlingsea and she was refitted at Maldon in 2006. She has eight berths, and is licensed to take 46 passengers (plus four crew) to sea. In September 2007 she relocated to Maldon.

</doc>
<doc id="56966225" url="?curid=56966225" title="Pseudomicronia advocataria">
Pseudomicronia advocataria

Pseudomicronia advocataria is a moth of the family Uraniidae first described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in the Philippines, Sundaland, the Andaman Islands, India, Taiwan, South China and Sri Lanka.
It is a white moth with black fasciations. Black dots are found on the tail margins of the hindwings.

</doc>
<doc id="56966238" url="?curid=56966238" title="Roanu Hassan Manik">
Roanu Hassan Manik

Roanu Hassan Manik is a widely acclaimed Maldivian film actor, who mainly works in the Maldivian film industry.
Early life.
On 11 November 1977, while working as a Headmaster at educational centre, Manik produced, choreographed and starred in a theatre play, "Vamundhaa Goiyy" alongside his students which narrates the discrimination of locals moving from atolls to Male'. Afterwards he worked in several other theatre performances before making his screen debut in Musthafa Hussain-directed "Gellunu Furaavaru" (1980). Distributed through Television Maldives, Manik's talent was recognized by the producers and he was offered several films like "Karudhaas Finifenmaa" and "Zaharu Dhin Ufaa" which ultimately did not materialize. Afterwards, he went back to theatre performances played by CDS group and became a prominent name in the industry. However, due to the frequent trips out of island, Manik was unable to expand his career. He then starred in CDS's first film "Dhon Hiyala Aai Alifulhu".
Career.
In 1996, Manik appeared in his first commercial film, Yoosuf Rafeeu's award-winning project "Haqqu" which featured Manik as Amjad, father of Shahid who forced his only son to marry a woman he dissent. The film starring Mariyam Nisha, Reeko Moosa Manik and Mariyam Shakeela in lead roles, received positive reviews from critics. He also appeared in a Television Maldives production, "Fun Asaru" which follows two women; one searching for her mother and one fighting cancer. This was followed by the Yoosuf Rafeeu's comedy film "Nibu", an unofficial remake of Gulzar's Bollywood comedy film "Angoor" (1982), which focuses on two pairs of identical twins separated at birth and how their lives go haywire when they meet in adulthood.
He then stepped into Fathimath Nahula's critically and commercially successful romantic drama television series, "Kalaage Haqqugaa" (2005) to portray the role of Anwar, a wealthy businessman, starring opposite Niuma Mohamed, Ali Ahmed, Jamsheedha Ahmed and Sheela Najeeb. The following year, he collaborated with the team of "Vairoalhi Ahves Sirrun" for Arifa Ibrahim's another romantic television drama series, "Vaguthu Faaithu Nuvanees" (2006) which consists of fifty episodes. The series which follows the vengeance and retribution two best-friends go through when they both love the same person, features Manik in a recurring role as an obliging father.
In 2008, Manik appeared in a small role in Fathimath Nahula's romantic drama film, "Yoosuf" which depicts the story of a deaf and mute man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) who has been mistreated by a wealthy family, mocking his disability. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Sheela Najeeb, Ahmed Nimal, Fauziyya Hassan, Mohamed Manik, Ravee Farooq, Zeenath Abbas and Ahmed Lais Asim, the film received widespread critical acclaim and was attained a blockbuster status at box office.
Manik's first release of 2010 was Ali Seezan-directed family drama "Maafeh Neiy" alongside Seezan and Niuma Mohamed. The film highlights many social issues including human rights abuses, forced marriages and domestic violence. He played the role of Mohamed Fulhu, a father who forcefully marries his daughter to a wealthy businessman. The film received mixed reviews from critics, majority of them dismissing its melodrama and was a moderate success at box office. His next release was Ali Shifau-directed family drama "Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa" where he featured in a supporting role of Manik, a lawyer. The film showcases discrimination against the islanders, family revenge and fatherhood responsibilities. The film was believed to be a "huge improvement" over the recent Maldivian films. Being able to screen fifteen housefull shows of the film, it was declared to be a commercial success. He next starred alongside Aminath Rasheedha, Aishath Rishmy and Ahmed Azmeel in Rishmy's drama film "Fanaa". Based on a novel published by Ibrahim Waheed titled "Balgish", the film received mixed to negative reviews from critics; Ali Naafiz from "Haveeru Daily" classified the film as the "worst Maldivian film released so far" during the year, criticing the performance of actors.
The following year, he featured in a small role in Ali Shifau's psychological romantic thriller "Zaharu" (2011) alongside Ali Seezan, Niuma Mohamed and Sheela Najeeb. The film centers on a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end and becomes obsessed with him. The film is inspired from Adrian Lyne-directed American psychological erotic thriller film "Fatal Attraction" (1987). Upon release the film received mixed response from critics and was declared a "flop" at box office. It was followed Abdul Fatthah's romantic horror film "14 Vileyrey", alongside Ali Seezan, Aishath Rishmy and Mariyam Nisha. Written by Ibrahim Waheed, the project faced controversy when the team of "Kuhveriakee Kaakuhey?" accuses Fatthah for "purloining the plot" of the latter. The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and did good business at box office and was declared a "Hit". A "forgettable performance" of Manik was released with Hamid Ali's romantic family drama "Laelaa" alongside Amira Ismail and Yoosuf Shafeeu which was a critical and box office failure.
In 2012, Manik played a middle class father in Ravee Farooq-directed romantic drama film "Mihashin Furaana Dhandhen" alongside Niuma Mohamed, Mohamed Manik and Ali Seezan. Upon release, the film received mixed response from critics while his performance was recognised positively. Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" noted the film as "the best Maldivian melodramatic film" he had seen in the past two years, though displeased with its similarities between two Bollywood films. His portrayal of Hassan in the film resulted in a Gaumee Film Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. It was followed by Abdul Fattah's romantic film "Love Story" alongside Ali Seezan, Amira Ismail and Aishath Rishmy. The film received negative response from critics. Displeased with the screenplay and performance of the actors, Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" wrote: "None of the actors were given scope to build their characters and none was able to justify their character. With excessive emotional scenes, actors were exposed to over-acting and nothing more".
The following year, Manik collaborated with Hussain Munawwar for his second direction, revenge thriller film "Dhilakani" (2013) along with Ismail Rasheed, Niuma Mohamed, Mohamed Faisal and Aminath Rishfa. The film deals with a man's tumultuous journey to seek vengeance and the demolition of family bond over a girl. The film attracted negative reception from critics while Nadheem wrote: "Embraced with futile characters, impractical scenes and out-dated music, the film has problems in each department. Munawwar failed to extract the talent of actors like [Hassan Manik] who is one of the most accomplished actors in the industry".
In 2014, Manik appeared in the Aishath Fuad Thaufeeq-directed "Hulhudhaan" alongside Mariyam Majudha, which was a critical success. The film was later screened at the Venice Film Festival. His performance as Manik, an elderly man who was challenged by the harsh realities of his surroundings, received a positive response from the critics. At the 8th Gaumee Film Awards he was nominated for the Best Actor award for "Hulhudhaan". The following year he appeared in the Ali Shifau-directed romantic film "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" (2015) alongside Mohamed Jumayyil. The film was the highest grossing Maldivian film of the year, and was a commercial success. It was followed by Ali Seezan's action film "Ahsham", where he played the role of Ibrahim, Maeesha's father. The film, made on a budget of MVR 1,500,000, was considered as the most expensive film made in the Maldives. It was one of the three entries from Maldives to the SAARC Film Festival in 2016. The same year, he collaborated with Fathimath Nahula for 13 episodes television drama series, "Umurah Salaan" (2015) which centers on a squabble family which is separated due to the greed for money and misunderstandings. The series which stars Mohamed Faisal, Aminath Rishfa, Ahmed Azmeel and Mariyam Azza in lead roles, he portrays the character Saud, a disabled man who dies of a heart-attack.
In 2017, Manik featured in Ali Shifau-directed romantic comedy "Mee Loaybakee" alongside Mohamed Jumayyil and Mariyam Azza. The film which is considered to include the largest cast in a Maldivian feature film, narrates the story of two ex-lovers sliding into the friend zone with the envy and diffidence they experience amidst a convoluted love-triangle. The film and his performance as a womanizer received mainly positive reviews from critics. The film emerged as one of the highest grossing Maldivian films of 2017.
2018 was a dull year for Maldivian film-industry with regards to 2018 Maldivian presidential election. His only release of the year was the first Maldivian web-series, a romantic drama by Fathimath Nahula, "Huvaa". The series consisting of sixty episodes and streamed through the digital platform Baiskoafu, centers around a happy and radiant family which breaks into despairing pieces after a tragic incident that led to an unaccountable loss. The series and his performance as a father of four children trying to bring peace into the family were positively received.

</doc>
<doc id="56966242" url="?curid=56966242" title="Janet Agnes Cumbrae Stewart">
Janet Agnes Cumbrae Stewart


</doc>
<doc id="56966248" url="?curid=56966248" title="Pseudomicronia fraterna">
Pseudomicronia fraterna

Pseudomicronia fraterna is a moth of the family Uraniidae. It is found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56966254" url="?curid=56966254" title="Ravee Farooq">
Ravee Farooq

Ravee Farooq is a Maldivian actor, director, editor and choreographer.
Career.
Farooq made his film debut with Abdul Faththaah-directed romantic disaster film, "Hureemey Inthizaarugaa" (2005) cast along with Mariyam Zuhura, Waleedha Waleed, Ibrahim Jihad and Neena Saleem. The film, heavily relied on the effect of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake on the Maldives, received favorable reviews from critics though it failed to perform financially. Farooq played the disrespectful husband who chose wealth above his family. His performance won a Miadhu Crystal Award for the Best Male Newcomer.
In April 2006, Ahmed Nimal's revenge thriller "Hiyani" was released which featured Farooq as the kidnapper who constantly flirts with a rich married woman. The film which primarily focuses on a wealthy troublesome couple whose possessions have been exposed by the disappearance of the husband, was mostly received positively by the critics. At 5th Gaumee Film Awards, Farooq was nominated as the Best Actor and Choreographer for his work in the film while he was bestowed with the Best Choreography award for the song "Asthaa Asthaa" at 1st Miadhu Crystal Awards.
In 2008, Farooq appeared as the cunning brother-in-law in Fathimath Nahula's romantic drama film, "Yoosuf" which depicts the story of a deaf and mute man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) who has been mistreated by a wealthy family, mocking his disability. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Sheela Najeeb, Ahmed Nimal, Mohamed Manik, Fauziyya Hassan, Zeenath Abbas and Ahmed Lais Asim, the film is considered to include most prominent faces in a Maldivian film. The film received widespread critical acclaim and was attained a blockbuster status at box office. A total of forty five housefull shows were screened at Olympus Cinema before the film was leaked online, however the producers were able to screen five more shows at the cinema making it one of the Maldivian all-time highest grossing movies. The film was Maldivian official entry at 2009 SAARC Film Festivals and holds the privilege of being the opening movie of the festival.
Farooq's first release of 2010 was Ali Shifau-directed family drama "Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa" where he played the role of Jana, a photographer who gave a breakthrough to Nisha, played by Niuma Mohamed. The film showcases discrimination against the islanders, family revenge and fatherhood responsibilities. The film and his performance received positive response from critics. The film was believed to be a "huge improvement" over the recent Maldivian films. Being able to screen fifteen housefull shows of the film, it was declared to be a commercial success. He reunited with Niuma Mohamed and Ali Seezan in Amjad Ibrahim's romantic horror film "Vakinuvinama" which was a critical and commercial failure.
The following year, he played the role of Imran, a spoiled kid who is envious of his step-mother, in Moomin Fuad-directed crime tragedy drama "Loodhifa" (2011). Featuring an ensemble cast, the film deals with current social issues in the society told from different perspectives of the characters. Made on a budget of MVR 600,000, the film was declared a commercial failure though it received wide critical acclaim, praising the performance of cast and the film's "realism" in its language, characters and their attitude. His portrayal garnered him a Gaumee Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Farooq was more involved in film direction for the next two years. In 2012, he directed Fathimath Nahula produced romantic drama "Mihashin Furaana Dhandhen" which features Niuma Mohamed, Mohamed Manik and Ali Seezan in pivotal roles. In an interview he mentioned that the film primarily based on a dramatic theme and he considered his experience to be "merely satisfying" while it is different than his previous directorial ventures. Upon release, the film received mixed response from critics while his work was recognised positively. Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" noted the film as "the best Maldivian melodramatic film" he had seen in the past two years, though displeased with its similarities between two Bollywood films. In 2013, Farooq directed critically acclaimed experimental suspense thriller "Ingili" which features Ismail Rasheed and Abdulla Muaz. It was based on fourteen years old Mohamed Hassaan's National Award winning short story, "Holhuasheege Ekuveriya". It celebrates the first Maldivian film to get recognized internationally by winning Bronze Medal in Best Feature Film category at SAARC Film Festival 2014 held in Colombo, Sri Lanka. At the 7th Gaumee Film Awards, Farooq received several nominations for his work in the film, including Best Director, Best Editing, Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design and Best Makeup. At 3rd Maldives Film Awards, Farooq received two nominations for Best Director, from "Ingili" and "Mihashin Furaana Dhandhen", while winning the award for latter.
In 2014, Farooq appeared as a doctor in the Ali Aishath Fuwad Thowfeek-directed "Hulhudhaan" alongside Mariyam Majudha and Roanu Hassan Manik which garnered critical success. The film was later screened at the Venice Film Festival. The following year, Farooq directed the suspense thriller film "Mikoe Bappa Baey Baey" which stars Mohamed Manik and Aishath Rishmy in pivotal roles. The film along with his direction was critically acclaimed. It was one of the three entries from the Maldives at the SAARC Film Festival in 2016. At the 8th Gaumee Film Awards Farooq received five nominations, including a Best Supporting Actor and Best Editing award nomination for "Hulhudhaan" and a Best Director, Best Art Direction and Best Editing award nomination for "Mikoe Bappa Baey Baey".
In 2017, Farooq portrayed Ishan, a criminal who sought guidance from Vishka, played by Aishath Rishmy, in his crime thriller "Vishka"; it marked his second collaboration with Rishmy. Prior to release, it faced controversies as Hassan Haleel requested a deferment in its release claiming he allegedly owns the story and script of the film. However, the film was cleared for exhibition with the court order proclaiming that the ownership of the script and story belongs to Rishmy. Upon release, the film opened to a positive response from critics. Mohamed Musthafa of the "Sun" applauded its "unexpected climax" and Ravi's "exceptional work" in acting, directing and editing. Echoing similar sentiments, Ahmed Nadheem of "Avas" opined his acting to be "per excellence, and beyond Maldivian cinematic standards". The film was screened at the SAARC Film Festival in 2017.
2018 was a dull year for Maldivian film-industry with regard to 2018 Maldivian presidential election. Farooq's only release of the year was the first Maldivian web-series, a romantic drama by Fathimath Nahula, "Huvaa". The series consisting of sixty episodes and streamed through the digital platform Baiskoafu, centers around a happy and radiant family which breaks into despairing pieces after a tragic incident that led to an unaccountable loss. The series and his performance as a young man trying to win the love of a divorcee were positively received.
Later during the year, first Maldivian anthology film was released which credited Farooq as the director of the segment titled "Gaathil" which revolves around murder of a premature baby and a grown-up man. The project was filmed in 2013 and digitally released six years later due to several delays in post-production, where the producer of the film criticizes Farooq for "failing" to complete his segment during the stipulated time period took over the project from Farooq which he considered as an act of a "personal vendetta" against him.
Media image.
In 2018, he was ranked in the sixth position from Dho?'s list of Top Ten Actor of Maldives.
Personal life.
Farooq first married Lahfa Faiz, a vocalist and the couple got divorced after few years. He later married to Fathimath Riva Hussain and was blessed with two boys. On 8 January 2009, his wife gave birth to their first son, Hussain Ruvau Ravee and on 11 April 2013, she gave birth to their second child, Ali Ravaih Ravee before the couple got divorced few months later. He then started a relationship with Aishath Rishmy. On 25 March 2019, Farooq and Rishmy married without publicity.

</doc>
<doc id="56966262" url="?curid=56966262" title="Ahmed Saeed (actor)">
Ahmed Saeed (actor)

Ahmed Saeed is a Maldivian film actor and director.
Career.
1997–2010: Debut and early releases.
On 13 June 1997, Saeed made his screen debut in a video single alongside Hassan Afeef and Mariyam Nisha. Afterwards, he played a role in Yoosuf Rafeeu's "Dhiriulhumakee Mieebaa?". He made his official film debut in Fathimath Nahula's debut direction "Fahuneyvaa" (1998), starring opposite Hussain Sobah, Jamsheedha Ahmed and Mariyam Nisha which portrays the love-conflict of a man between a prominent stage performer and a deaf-mute poor girl. Saeed played the role of Ahmed, a childhood friend of Ziyan who secretly marries two girls. The film was critically appreciated by critics and was a Hit commercially by screening twenty six housefull shows at cinema.
Amjad Ibrahim-directed "Ainbehge Loabi Firiehge Vaajib", starring Saeed, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Jamsheedha Ahmed, Arifa Ibrahim and Niuma Mohamed was released in 2000. The film revolves around a woman who has been mistreated by her step-mother and forced into a marriage she disapproves. Saeed played the fiancé of Vileena who is an indolent daughter ill-treating her own mother. 
The following year, he collaborated with Fathimath Nahula for her romantic film "Kalaayaanulaa" (2003), which follows a happily married couple (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu and Aishath Shiranee) where the husband decided to marry his childhood best friend (played by Niuma Mohamed) when his wife fails to sexually please him. The film received widespread critical acclaim for its performances and was declared to be year's highest grossing Maldivian film release. It was followed by Abdul Faththaah-directed "Aan... Aharenves Loabivin" (2002) starred alongside Ali Seezan, Sheela Najeeb, Niuma Mohamed, Aminath Rasheedha and Neena Saleem where he played the role of a determined man. Upon release, the film opened to positive response from critics and was a commercially successful project. He was applauded for his performance as the money-greedy cunning man, in the Abdul Faththaah-directed critically acclaimed television series, "Thiyey Mihithuge Vindhakee" (2003) which was considered as one of the best series production in television industry.
He next appeared in a brief role as colleague of a mystified man who has been detested by his crush in Abdul Faththaah's critically praised romantic film "Vehey Vaarey Therein" (2003). Featuring Yoosuf Shafeeu, Jamsheedha Ahmed, Khadheeja Ibrahim Didi, Mohamed Shavin, Amira Ismail and Aminath Rasheedha in crucial roles, the film narrates the story of unrequited love, and proved to be one of the highest-grossing Maldivian films of the year. She then stepped into Fathimath Nahula's critically and commercially successful romantic drama television series, "Kalaage Haqqugaa" to portray the role of Zubair, an obliging friend.
Saeed appeared as a man possessed by evil spirit in "Hukuru Vileyrey" (2006), co-directed by Aishath Rishmy and Aminath Rasheedha which was based on a novel published by Ibrahim Waheed on "Haveeru Daily" in 2003. The film was a critical and commercial success while being considered as "one of the few acceptable horror film the Maldivian Film Industry has ever produced". It was later released as 15 episodes television series with inclusion of several clips that were edited off while released in theatre.
In 2008, Saeed appeared in a small role in Fathimath Nahula's romantic drama film, "Yoosuf" which depicts the story of a deaf and mute man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) who has been mistreated by a wealthy family, mocking his disability. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Sheela Najeeb, Ahmed Nimal, Fauziyya Hassan, Mohamed Manik, Ravee Farooq, Zeenath Abbas and Ahmed Lais Asim, the film received widespread critical acclaim and was attained a blockbuster status at box office.
In 2009, Saeed appeared in Ali Shifau's suspense thriller "Happy Birthday" which narrates the story of a simple man who receives a call on his birthday informing that his wife and son have been kidnapped, only to be returned for a ransom. Saeed played the role of Hussain, a friend of a straightforward man who had an unfortunate birthday. A total of five shows with little occupancy were screened at the cinema, declaring the film a commercial failure, despite the positive response from the critics. Winning five Gaumee Film Awards and twelve Maldives Film Awards, the film was also screened at the Venice Film Festival.
In 2010, Saeed appeared in a small role in "Veeraana" as a government official who witness the confess of a murderer. Directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu, it deals with child sexual abuse. The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics; praising the writer and director for touching a condemnatory topic though criticizing its "over-the-top melodrama". Having a strong buzz prior its release, the film was proved to be a commercial success. The same year he directed and starred in the 4 episodes horror television drama series "14 February".
2011–17: Critical appreciation with supporting roles.
In 2011 Saeed played the role of Junaid, the selfish friend of Nashid—played by Ismail Rasheed—who brainwashed him to be involved in counterfeit dollars business, in Moomin Fuad-directed crime tragedy drama "Loodhifa". Featuring an ensemble cast, the film deals with current social issues in the society told from different perspectives of the characters. Made on a budget of MVR 600,000, the film was declared a commercial failure though it received wide critical acclaim and several accolades. At the 7th Gaumee Film Awards, Saeed was bestowed with the Best Costume Design award for his work in the film. He then featured in a small role in Ali Shifau's psychological romantic thriller "Zaharu" alongside Ali Seezan, Niuma Mohamed and Sheela Najeeb. The film centers on a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end and becomes obsessed with him. The film is inspired from Adrian Lyne-directed American psychological erotic thriller film "Fatal Attraction" (1987). Upon release the film received mixed response from critics and was declared a "flop" at box office. Last release of the year featured Saeed as a police officer Zareer in Yoosuf Shafeeu-directed action drama film "Insaaf" (2011). The film revolves around the disputes between two districts of an island. Upon release, the film received mixed to positive reviews from critics. Ahmed Nadheem from "Haveeru" praised the performance of Saeed. For his performance, he received a nomination as Best Actor at 7th Gaumee Film Awards and 2nd Maldives Film Awards.
Saeed's only release of 2012 was Abdul Fattah's romantic film "Love Story" (2012) alongside Ali Seezan, Aishath Rishmy and Amira Ismail. Displeased with the screenplay and performance of the actors, Nadheem of "Haveeru" wrote: "None of the actors were given scope to build their characters and none was able to justify their character. With excessive emotional scenes, actors were exposed to over-acting and nothing more". In 2013, Saeed featured in Ali Shifau-directed horror film "Fathis Handhuvaruge Feshun 3D" which serves as a prequel to "Fathis Handhuvaru" (1997) starring Reeko Moosa Manik and Niuma Mohamed in lead roles. It was based on a story by Ibrahim Waheed, "Jinaa: Fathis Handhuvaruge Feshun" (2009), which itself is a prequel to the story "Fathishandhuvaru" (1996) written by himself which was later adapted to a film by same name in 1997. The film was marketed as being the first 3D release for a Maldivian film and the first release derived from spin-off. Upon release the film received generally negative reviews from critics. Ahmed Nadheem from "Haveeru Daily" called the film a "disappointment" and Saeed's performance a "forgettable" one.
In 2014, he starred opposite Ali Seezan and Aishath Rishmy in Seezan's directorial venture, psychological thriller "Insaana". It revolves around a murder and how the murderer tries to evade from the crime. Made on a budget of MVR 220,000, the film was inspired by Ryan Connolly's short psychological horror film "Tell" (2012) which is loosely based on the Edgar Allan Poe short story "The Tell-Tale Heart". Upon release, the film received widespread critical acclaim. Hassan Naail from "Vaguthu" called it "one of the best Maldivian release till date" and was satisfied with the performance of whole cast. At the 2015 South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Film Festival, "Insaana" was bestowed with Bronze Medal as Best Film, competing with seventeen regional films. He next appeared in the Aishath Fuad Thaufeeq-directed "Hulhudhaan" alongside Mariyam Majudha and Roanu Hassan Manik which was a critical success. The film was later screened at the Venice Film Festival. The following year, Saeed appeared in Ali Seezan's action film "Ahsham". Though the film received mixed reviews from critics, Saeed's performance as Jawid, an underboss was widely acclaimed. It was one of the three entries from the Maldives to the SAARC Film Festival in 2016. At the 8th Gaumee Film Awards Saeed received the Gaumee Best Supporting Actor award for "Ahsham".
Saeed again collaborated with Seezan to star in his romantic film "Vafaatheri Kehiveriya" (2016). The film received a mixed to negative reception from critics. Nadheem blamed the title of the film for giving the impression of "old typical" to the film and considered Saeed's acting to be "strictly average" when compared to his other films. Yoosuf Shafeeu-directed "Baiveriyaa" (2016), a comedy film featuring an ensemble cast was his second release of the year. The film revolves around an aspiring actress who flees from her family to pursue a career in the industry and the suspicions and confusions that arise. Upon release the film was positively received by critics. Nazim Hassan of "Avas" applauded the comic timing of the characters and mentioned Saeed's comic sense as a "highlight of the movie" including the scenes in which he depicts different notable film characters. The film emerged as one of the highest grossing Maldivian films of the year.
In 2017, Farooq portrayed MP Manik, a corrupt politician lured into a trap laid by Vishka, played by Aishath Rishmy, in Ravee Farooq's crime thriller "Vishka". Prior to release it faced controversies as Hassan Haleel requested a deferred release claiming he allegedly owns the story and script of the film. However, the film was cleared for exhibition with the court order proclaiming that the ownership of the script and story belongs to Rishmy. Upon release, the film opened to a positive response from critics. Mohamed Musthafa of the "Sun" applauded its "unexpected climax" and Saeed's "exceptional portrayal" of the corrupt politician. Echoing similar sentiments, Ahmed Nadheem of "Avas" considered his acting to be "per excellence, and beyond Maldivian cinematic standards". The film was screened at the SAARC Film Festival in 2017. He next featured alongside an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mohamed Manik, Fathimath Azifa and Ali Seezan in the romantic comedy film "Naughty 40" which was directed by Shafeeu. The film revolves around three friends, Ashwanee, Ahsan and Ajwad (Played by Shafeeu, Saeed and Manik respectively) who are single and having a youthful outlook, in spite of being in their forties. Azifa played the role of Taniya, the beguiling lady signed up by her aunt to seduce and take down their rival businessman in the island, Jawad. The film met with both critical and commercial success, emerging as one of the highest grossing Maldivian films of 2017.
2018–present: Experiment with different genres.
2018 was a dull year for Maldivian film-industry with regards to 2018 Maldivian presidential election, hence only one film of Faisal was released during the year; a suspense thriller film "Dhevansoora" (2018) written and directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu. The film marks Shafeeu's thirtieth direction and features an ensemble cast of twenty-one actors. Revolving around a murder investigating, Saeed played a police officer and the station head trying to solve the murder mystery. The film received positive reviews from critics and was considered a "norm-breaker" for the Maldivian cinema. Ahmed Hameed Adam reviewing from VNews wrote: "Though Saeed had a small role in terms of screen time, he leaves an impact with the performance".
Saeed's first release of 2019 was the Moomin Fuad-directed psychological horror thriller "Nivairoalhi" (2019) which marks Niuma Mohamed's last onscreen film. Revolving around a patient suffering from depression, he played a small role in the film. 
Starring opposite Mohamed, Yoosuf Shafeeu and Ahmed Asim, the film received majorly positive reviews from critics; Aishath Maaha of "Dho?" favored the performance of the lead actors and mentioned the "neat arrangement" of its screenplay though pointed out its "weak ending" to be unsatisfactory while his performance was noted to be a "one-scene impression". He reprised the role Ahsan in the horror comedy film "40+" (2019), a sequel to 2017 released comedy film "Naughty 40", which was well received both critically and commercially.
Media image.
In 2018, he was ranked in the fifth position from Dho?'s list of Top Ten Actor of Maldives.
Personal life.
On 2 September 2016, Saeed married one of his co-stars, Fathimath Azifa. On 18 May 2019, Azifa gave birth to a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="56966263" url="?curid=56966263" title="Sergio Nichiporuk">
Sergio Nichiporuk

Sergio Nichiporuk (born 24 February 1957 in Itapúa Department) is a retired Paraguayan nationalized Chilean football player and manager who played as a striker.
Playing career.
Nichiporuk began playing football in the youth teams of Paraná. In 1975, he moved to the capital Asunción, where he made his professional debut with Nacional at the age of 18. Nichiporuk also played for local rivals Presidente Hayes and San Lorenzo, before Ñublense manager Manuel Rodríguez Vega signed him in 1980.
After several seasons playing in the Chilean leagues with Ñublense, Santiago Wanderers and Iquique, Nichiporuk moved to Spain. In January 1983, he joined Mallorca where he made 15 appearances for the club during the 1982–83 Segunda División season.
Nichiporuk joined Magallanes during 1984, but suffered a broken leg which limited his ability to play over the remainder of his career. After a spell with La Serena in 1986, he moved to Mexico to join Atlante F.C. where he made six appearances for the club during the 1987–88 Primera División season. He returned to Chile and finished his career with Lota Schwager, scoring 12 goals during the 1990 season.
Coaching career.
A few years after retiring from professional football, Nichiporuk began coaching Tercera División side Municipal Las Condes. In 1995 he began his professional coaching career with Cobresal. He has led Cobresal on several occasions, winning promotion to the Primera División in 1998, and leading the club to a famous victory over Antofagasta on his Clausura 2006 debut. Nichiporuk led Santiago Morning to the 2000 Copa Apertura Final, losing 2–1 to U. de Chile. He also won promotion with Puerto Montt in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="56966282" url="?curid=56966282" title="Brandon Parker">
Brandon Parker

Brandon Malik Parker (born October 21, 1995) is an American football offensive tackle for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at North Carolina A&amp;T before being selected by the Raiders in the third round of the 2018 NFL Draft.
Early life.
Parker was born in Kannapolis, North Carolina, to George Curtis Parker III and his wife Regina. Both of his parents have athletic backgrounds. Parker attended A.L. Brown High School, in Kannapolis, North Carolina where he started two of the three years he played varsity football. During his senior year, Parker led the Wonders to an 8-4 record. During Parker's high school career, the wonders averaged 287 yards rushing per game and completed 62.4 percent of its passes.
College career.
Parker's tall and lanky frame was a point of concern and limited the number of schools interested in recruiting him for football. In an interview with Brian McLaughlin of Herosports.com, Parker said "I really wasn't highly sought after coming out of high school, because of my frame, and I didn't have really good film my junior year; My senior year, I didn't really get any kind of accolades. You had to come to my school to know anything about me. I was a much slimmer guy, if you can believe that...With schools like Alabama and Clemson, they're looking for the guy who is ready to go right now." Parker received full scholarship offers from Division II Winston-Salem state, FCS North Carolina A&amp;T, North Carolina Central; a partial scholarship from his father's alma mater North Carolina; &amp; preferred walk-on spots from then FCS Appalachian State, Charlotte, &amp; FBS Duke. He would then sign with North Carolina A&amp;T as one of their 22 signees recruited under Head Coach Rod Broadway.
2014 season.
Parker was redshirted during the 2013 football season. In 2014, he was projected to be second on the Aggies depth chart at the left tackle position behind William Robinson. When Robinson went down with an injury, Parker was placed as starter. Parker started in all 12 games played that season, having standout performances against Florida A&amp;M and Morgan State. Parker would conclude the season earning third-team All-MEAC honors. His contributions to the team resulted in Quarterback Kwashaun Quick having his best passing season of his career, as Parker prevented Quick from being sacked.
2015 season.
Parker, who started for all 12 games of the season had impressive showings against Florida A&amp;M and at the Celebration Bowl against Alcorn State. Parker averaged 4 pancake blocks per game while successfully never surrendering a sack from his position at left tackle. Parker's style of play led to only 2 penalties called against him in 2015, which contributed to the Aggies being 2nd in the MEAC in offense. Parker finished his season with a number of accolades, including All-American honors from both American Urban Radio Networks and Boxtorow. Parker was also named the MEAC Offensive Lineman of the Year; becoming the second player in the program's history to win the award behind Qasim Mitchell who won in 2001.
2016 season.
Parker started all 12 games of the 2016 football season, earning MEAC offensive lineman of the week a total of five times. Parker was involved in 779 gradable plays during the 2016 football season including: 48 total knockdowns with an average 87% grade. Parker also graded out higher than 90% on 5 occasions, contributing to A&amp;T being rated 1st in total offense and rushing offense; and 3rd in passing offense in the MEAC. At the conclusion of the season, Parker was named to the All-MEAC first team and awarded the conference's Offensive lineman of the year award for the second consecutive season. In addition to his conference honors, he was named an FCS second team All-American by the Associated Press.
2017 season.
Parker entered his final season with A&amp;T as the starting left tackle for all 12 games of the 2017 season. Parker's stingy blocking resulted in 0 sacks by his opponents, resulting in him never allowing a single sack in his entire collegiate career. Parker was awarded the MEAC Offensive Lineman of the Year award, becoming the first player to win the award in 3 consecutive seasons. His performance also earned him 1st team FCS All-America honors and an invite to the Senior Bowl.
Professional career.
On November 20, 2017, it was announced that Parker had accepted his invitation to play in the 2018 Senior Bowl. On January 27, 2018, Parker played in the 2018 Reese's Senior Bowl as part of Houston Texans head coach Bill O'Brien's South team who defeated the North 45–16. His overall performance at the Senior Bowl impressed scouts and team representatives and helped raise his draft stock. Parker was among 20 Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) players who received an invitation to attend the NFL Scouting Combine.
Parker attended the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis and completed the majority of combine drills, but opted to skip the bench press. His overall combine performance was considered fair among scouts as he finished third among all offensive linemen in the broad jump and ninth in the vertical jump.
Parker attended pre-draft visits and private workouts with multiple teams including the San Diego Chargers, Cincinnati Bengals, Philadelphia Eagles, New Orleans Saints, Buffalo Bills, New York Giants and Carolina Panthers. On April 2, 2018, Parker participated at North Carolina A&amp;T's pro day and chose to perform the 40-yard dash (5.42s), 20-yard dash (3.08s), 10-yard dash (1.78s), and bench press (21 reps). At the conclusion of the pre-draft process, Parker was projected to be a fourth or fifth round pick by the majority of NFL draft experts and scouts. He was ranked the 13th best offensive tackle prospect in the draft by DraftScout.com and was ranked the 14th best offensive tackle by Scouts Inc.
The Oakland Raiders selected Parker in the third round (65th overall) of the 2018 NFL Draft. Parker was the fifth offensive tackle selected in 2018. The Oakland Raiders traded their third (75th overall), fifth (152nd overall), and seventh round (212th overall) picks to the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for the Ravens' third round pick in order to move up in the third round and draft Parker.
On May 21, 2018, the Oakland Raiders signed Parker to a four-year, $4.09 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $1.05 million. Parker was named the Raiders starting right tackle in Week 5 after a season-ending injury to Donald Penn. Allowed 8.5 Sacks in his rookie year.
In 2019, Parker started three games at right tackle.
Personal life.
Parker currently is engaged to Dominique Green, whom he met while attending NC A&amp;T. On November 18, 2017, Parker proposed to Green on the field before kickoff in Parker's final home game against arch rival North Carolina Central.
Parker's father was an All-ACC offensive lineman for the University of North Carolina and his mother a prep basketball star at Carver High School and later playing for North Carolina. Parker's older sister, Jasmine, also attended his NC A&amp;T and was a member of the women's basketball program.

</doc>
<doc id="56966285" url="?curid=56966285" title="Peachtree Center Historic District">
Peachtree Center Historic District


</doc>
<doc id="56966288" url="?curid=56966288" title="Traumfrauen">
Traumfrauen

Traumfrauen is a 2015 German comedy film directed by Anika Decker. It sold 1.7 million tickets making it one of the most successful films of 2015 

</doc>
<doc id="56966289" url="?curid=56966289" title="Zulma Steele">
Zulma Steele

Zulma Steele (1881–1979) was one of the pioneering women of the Arts and Crafts movement and Modernism in New York. American arts journalist for the "New York Times" Grace Glueck noted that Steele was a "progressive-minded artist and artisan whose work was considered avant-garde." She married a farmer, Nielson Parker, in 1926. After he died in 1928, Steele traveled extensively in Europe, Haiti, and the Bahamas. She returned to upstate New York and died in New Jersey at 98 years of age.
A retrospective exhibition, "Zulma Steele: Artist/Craftswoman", was held in 2020 at the Kleinert/James Center for the Arts of the Woodstock Byrdcliffe Guild. The catalogue and accompanying essays constitute the most comprehensive scholarship on Steele's work to date.
Early life.
Born Zulma Ripley Steele, she was the youngest of three children born to Zulma De Lacy Steele, née Dorr, and William Henry Steele. Her siblings were Frederic Dorr Steele and Joseph Dorr Steele. Her maternal grandmother was writer Julia C. R. Dorr.
Career.
In the late 19th century, the Arts and Crafts movement grew in response to, and as rejection of, the rapid urbanization and mechanization of society during the Second Industrial Revolution. In the winter of 1902, construction of the Byrdcliffe Colony began on Mount Guardian outside of Woodstock, New York. The serene 1,500-acre commune was the brainchild of wealthy Englishman Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead. The son of a British textile Baron, Whitehead was attempting “to create a subsistence community of craftsmen,” wrote "New York Times" journalist Benjamin Genocchio in 2003. During the beginning of art production at Byrdcliffe, activity centered around the production of furniture.
Zulma Steele was one of the first residents at the Byrdcliffe Colony and was considered one of the most talented students to come there. In 1903, she and Edna Walker, who both had recently graduated from the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, arrived in Woodstock to work in the furniture shop. Steele had long-time family ties to the Woodstock area. The two women made nature studies of local plant life for what became the iconic patterned-painted panels that were set into the larger Mission style furniture pieces. The types of objects made in the furniture shop at Byrdcliffe included tables, chairs, lamp stands, hanging shelves, bookcases, sideboards and chiffoniers. “Simple lines, delicate moldings, and planar surfaces characterized Byrdcliffe pieces and belie their solid construction,” wrote curator Peter Morrin in preparation for a 1977 exhibition on the Woodstock colonies. 
Zulma Steele attended the 1913 Armory Show in New York City. Her immediate response to the European modern art is not known however the evolution of her art shows an impact. Professor of Art History at Bard College, Tom Wolf, noted that the "artists of Byrdcliffe practiced the most popular and accepted styles of the early twentieth century, and it is striking to see a sudden change around the time of the 1913 Armory Show." During World War I, Steele worked with the Red Cross in France. She studied in Paris with the Cubist André Lhote and took classes at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière and Académie Colarossi art schools. The influences of Cubism became evident in Steele's artwork.
In 1907, the Byrdcliffe Pottery opened. Zulma Steele worked there for many years and managed the facility for the last five of those years, until its closing in 1928. She then started her own line of pottery called, “Zedware.” Steele became a lifelong resident of the Woodstock area. She was described by her contemporary, the artist Bolton Brown, as “an outstanding lady both visually and in quality we call style.”

</doc>
<doc id="56966293" url="?curid=56966293" title="LGPL 2.1">
LGPL 2.1


</doc>
<doc id="56966294" url="?curid=56966294" title="LGPL 2">
LGPL 2


</doc>
<doc id="56966295" url="?curid=56966295" title="LGPL 2.0">
LGPL 2.0


</doc>
<doc id="56966296" url="?curid=56966296" title="Farm Gate (Disambiguation)">
Farm Gate (Disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56966301" url="?curid=56966301" title="Strophidia caudata">
Strophidia caudata

Strophidia caudata is a moth of the family Uraniidae first described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1781. It is found in the Indian subregion, Sri Lanka, to Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo and Sulawesi.
It is a whitish moth with darker fasciations. The fasciae are numerous subbasally on the forewing. Series of black dots found on tail of hindwings.

</doc>
<doc id="56966309" url="?curid=56966309" title="St. Peter's Lutheran Church">
St. Peter's Lutheran Church

St. Peter's Lutheran Church may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56966311" url="?curid=56966311" title="John Hodgson (footballer)">
John Hodgson (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966314" url="?curid=56966314" title="Farm Gate Marketing">
Farm Gate Marketing


</doc>
<doc id="56966318" url="?curid=56966318" title="John Hodgson (politician)">
John Hodgson (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56966323" url="?curid=56966323" title="Trust No One (Tsunami Bomb album)">
Trust No One (Tsunami Bomb album)

Trust No One is the first and to date only compilation album of the Californian punk band Tsunami Bomb. The album was released on February 26, 2016 via Kung Fu Records on CD and LP and is the first release of the band since their studio album "The Definitive Act" (2004, Kung Fu). The album contains songs from the band that were recorded and/or released in 1999 and 2000 on compilation albums, split albums or early EPs. Two songs were previously unreleased demos.
Tsunami Bomb dissolved in 2005 and reunited 10 years later in 2015. The album features the original line-up: bassist/vocalist Dominic Davi, keyboardist Oobliette Sparks, drummer Gabriel Lindeman, and guitarist Brian Plink. Emily "Agent M" Whitehurst decided not to join and to focus on her main solo project, Survival Guide.
Track listing.
Track 1 originally appeared on the Springman Records compilation album "Punk Rock Strike" (2000). Track 2 originally appeared on the "B-Movie Queens" (1999) split with Plinky. Tracks 4-7 originally appeared on the "Mayhem On the high Seas" (1999) EP. Tracks 12-14 originally appeared on the EP "The Invasion from Within!" (2001). Tracks 3 and 8 were previously unreleased demos.

</doc>
<doc id="56966325" url="?curid=56966325" title="Wave 102">
Wave 102


</doc>
<doc id="56966330" url="?curid=56966330" title="MCI D4500">
MCI D4500


</doc>
<doc id="56966334" url="?curid=56966334" title="Lina Renna">
Lina Renna


</doc>
<doc id="56966340" url="?curid=56966340" title="MCI D4500CL">
MCI D4500CL


</doc>
<doc id="56966342" url="?curid=56966342" title="MCI D4500CT">
MCI D4500CT


</doc>
<doc id="56966349" url="?curid=56966349" title="John Hodgkinson (actor)">
John Hodgkinson (actor)


</doc>
<doc id="56966351" url="?curid=56966351" title="Felix the Cat (TV show)">
Felix the Cat (TV show)


</doc>
<doc id="56966354" url="?curid=56966354" title="Ponerorchis tibetica">
Ponerorchis tibetica

Ponerorchis tibetica is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to south-east Tibet to south-central China (north-west Yunnan).
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 1924 by Rudolf Schlechter, as "Amitostigma tibeticum". A molecular phylogenetic study in 2014 found that species of "Amitostigma", "Neottianthe" and "Ponerorchis" were mixed together in a single clade, making none of the three genera monophyletic as then circumscribed. "Amitostigma" and "Neottianthe" were subsumed into "Ponerorchis", with this species becoming "Ponerorchis tibetica".

</doc>
<doc id="56966355" url="?curid=56966355" title="John Hodgkinson (footballer)">
John Hodgkinson (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966361" url="?curid=56966361" title="NASA Sounding Rocket Program">
NASA Sounding Rocket Program

The NASA Sounding Rocket Program (NSRP) is a NASA run program of sounding rockets which has been operating since 1959. The missions carried out by this program are primarily used for scientific research, particularly low gravity and material based research. NASA's sounding rocket program is commonly used by colleges and universities for upper atmosphere research.
Program.
In 1965, NASA's cost of a sounding rocket system was $5,000 to $150,000, using combinations of stage motors from the Aerobee, Hercules M5E1 (developed for the Nike Ajax), and Thiokol Apache.
The program was consolidated at the Wallops Flight Facility in the 1980s and uses extra military solid rocket motors. Rockets are frequently launched from fixed facilities at Wallops, the Navy's White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, the Poker Flat Research Range in Alaska, Kwajalein, Marshall Islands, Pacific Missile Range Facility in Barking Sands, Hawaii, and Andøya Rocket Range, Norway. The rockets are categorized as "Significant Military Equipment" for ITAR.
Propulsion.
Rockets in use include single-stage or combinations of:
Some combinations of stages allow payloads of up to 1550 pounds.
Launches.
PolarNOx.
The PolarNOx mission was a set of experimental launches used to measure the nitric oxide present in the upper atmosphere that is produced by auroras.
DEUCE.
The DEUCE (Dual-channel Extreme Ultraviolet Continuum Experiment) mission was planned to obtain scientific data about the IGM. This failed however due to problems with the attitude control system.
ASPIRE.
The ASPIRE mission (Advanced Supersonic Parachute Inflation Research Experiment) was an experiment which tested a Mars mission parachute design. The mission consisted of three tests using the Black Brant IX sounding rocket, with the third and final test taking place on Sept. 7, 2018.
AZURE.
The Auroral Zone Upwelling Rocket Experiment in April 2019 caught many Norwegians by surprise by triggering an unusual form of the Aurora Borealis. 

</doc>
<doc id="56966371" url="?curid=56966371" title="Amitostigma tibeticum">
Amitostigma tibeticum


</doc>
<doc id="56966376" url="?curid=56966376" title="Ukrainophiles">
Ukrainophiles


</doc>
<doc id="56966379" url="?curid=56966379" title="MRK 1034">
MRK 1034


</doc>
<doc id="56966381" url="?curid=56966381" title="Orchis tibetica">
Orchis tibetica


</doc>
<doc id="56966392" url="?curid=56966392" title="Phazaca erosioides">
Phazaca erosioides

Phazaca erosioides is a moth of the family Uraniidae first described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is found in the Indo-Australian tropics from Sri Lanka to New Guinea.
In the male, the forewings are grey and the hindwings are pale yellow. The female has similar colours in the forewings, but the hindwings dark grey. The postmedial of forewing is similarly sinuous in both sexes.

</doc>
<doc id="56966400" url="?curid=56966400" title="Heisenberg's uncertainty principle">
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle


</doc>
<doc id="56966415" url="?curid=56966415" title="Henry McCleary House">
Henry McCleary House


</doc>
<doc id="56966421" url="?curid=56966421" title="Charles P. Lowe">
Charles P. Lowe

Charles P. Lowe was an American xylophonist who made numerous recordings in the early days of the recording industry.
In 1883 Lowe was featured in a series of concerts at West End, New Orleans directed by Gustav D'Aquin. Lowe was a featured performer in New York theaters in the 1880s, including Huber's Prospect Garden (1884). 
Lowe first recorded for the New Jersey Phonograph Company in 1892 and remained the most prominent xylophonist in the recording industry's formative years. He recorded for most American record companies in existence before 1905, including 21 titles for Berliner Gramophone between 1897 and 1899, Columbia cylinders (pre-1900 - 1905) and discs (1902 to 1905), Edison cylinders, Victor Records from 1900 to 1904, and numerous recordings for Zonophone between 1900 and 1903. His last recordings were made in 1905.
Lowe played xylophones with rounded bars in order to ease the execution of glissandi. His rolls were played in a faster style than was to be common later.
He was married to contralto Jacobine Wichmann Lowe, who performed as "Miss Jottie"

</doc>
<doc id="56966423" url="?curid=56966423" title="John Hodgkinson (TV actor)">
John Hodgkinson (TV actor)


</doc>
<doc id="56966424" url="?curid=56966424" title="St Mary's Hall, Brighton">
St Mary's Hall, Brighton

St Mary's Hall, Brighton, Sussex, England, was an independent secondary girls' school from 1836 to 2009.
History.
George Basevi designed the Hall in the Early Tudor style in 1836, "with mullioned windows and a cross above the central gable", and the Marquess of Bristol donated nine acres of land to build the school. Rev. Henry Venn Elliott founded the school for the "daughters of poor clergy" in 1836. Elliott chose to locate the Hall in Brighton because "the Prince Regent had made it a popular place to live", and Elliott believed there would be many wealthy families in that locale seeking governesses. Early school registers, however, do not show many graduates were thus employed.
In 1838, the school had 50 students. By 1861, the school had 120 students, and the school's Patron was the Archbishop of Canterbury, its President, the Bishop of Chichester, and its Secretary and Treasurer, Rev. H.V. Elliott.
The school's chapel and concert hall, formerly St Mark's Church, was consecrated in 1849. Built by Thomas Shelbourne in Early English style, it has an 1860 memorial window and monument to the Marquess of Bristol.
In 1860, contributions and legacies totaled £1319, and pupils' payments, £2,812. In 1877, the "Handbook for Travellers to Sussex" described the school as "an excellent institution for education orphan daughters of clergymen as governesses, on payment of £20 per annum".
The Hall was expanded in 1920 when daughters of laymen were admitted. A new hall was added in 1969, and in 1976 the school erected a classroom block and swimming-pool. Venn House for sixth-formers was added in 1981, and the school added a junior school block in 1983, and a pre-preparatory block in 1989. By 1990, the school had more than 400 pupils.
School merger and closure.
School officials considered admitting boys during 2007. St Mary's reported £1.93 million in debts in 2008, as well as losses in four of the previous five years. Eventually, St Mary's Hall, Brighton, was merged with Roedean School in 2009 due to "economic circumstances" that "left it with no choice but to close and end 173 years of independence".
When Roedean closed St Mary's Hall in 2009, eleven remaining teachers lost their jobs. Roedean sold the buildings to Royal Sussex County Hospital to serve as temporary facilities for departments displaced during its redevelopment project. Redevelopment of the buildings began in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="56966425" url="?curid=56966425" title="Mohamed Manik">
Mohamed Manik

Mohamed Manik (15 October 1969) is a Maldivian film actor and director.
Career.
2002–10: Critical acclaim and breakthrough.
Manik rose to widespread prominence in the television industry and was applauded for his performance in a dual role, Ahmed Ayaz and Mohamed Adheel, in the Abdul Faththaah-directed critically acclaimed television series, "Thiyey Mihithuge Vindhakee" (2003) which was considered as one of the best series production in television industry.
Fattah's horror film "Eynaa" was released in 2004, which appears Sheela Najeeb, Manik, Ahmed Shah, Khadheeja Ibrahim Didi, Ibrahim Jihad and Nashidha Mohamed as six colleagues who go on a picnic to a haunted uninhabited island and their battle for survival. The film garnered critical appreciation specially for its technical department and was a commercial success. At 4th Gaumee Film Awards ceremony, Manik was nominated as the Best Actor for his performance in the film.
Manik collaborated for the first with Fathimath Nahula in the critically appreciated and commercially prosperous project, a romantic drama film "Zuleykha" (2005) which narrates the journey of a nine years old girl seeking the lost love of her mother. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mariyam Nisha, Ali Seezan, Sheela Najeeb and Mariyam Enash Sinan, Manik played the role of a father who loses his only child, which fetched him a Gaumee Film Award nomination as the Best Supporting Actor while winning a Miadhu Crystal Award in the same category. Thirty three housefull shows of the film were screened at the cinema making it the highest grossing Maldivian release of the year. This was followed by Amjad Ibrahim's romantic drama film "Hithuge Edhun" (2006) which narrates the story of a disabled man. Manik played the role of Shahil, an unfaithful husband who was later partially-paralyzed by a stroke, which resulted in another Gaumee Film Award nomination as the Best Actor.
In 2008, Manik appeared in Fathimath Nahula's romantic drama film, "Yoosuf" which depicts the story of a deaf and mute man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) who has been mistreated by a wealthy family, mocking his disability. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Sheela Najeeb, Ahmed Nimal, Fauziyya Hassan, Ravee Farooq, Zeenath Abbas and Ahmed Lais Asim, the film is considered to include most prominent faces in a Maldivian film. The film received widespread critical acclaim and was attained a blockbuster status at box office. A total of forty five housefull shows were screened at Olympus Cinema before the film was leaked online, however the producers were able to screen five more shows at the cinema making it one of the Maldivian all-time highest grossing movies. The film was Maldivian official entry at 2009 SAARC Film Festivals and holds the privilege of being the opening movie of the festival.
Manik played the kind-hearted boyfriend, in Ahmed Nimal-directed family drama film "E Dharifulhu" (2009) featuring an ensemble cast including Niuma Mohamed, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Sheela Najeeb and Ahmed Nimal. At 1st Maldives Film Awards, Manik received his first nomination as Best Actor for his performance in the film while winning the Best Makeup award for the same film. He also received two nominations for the Best Choreography; "Vindhu Hithaa" and "Hiyy Mi Edhey".
Manik's first release of 2010 was Ali Shifau-directed family drama "Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa" where he played the role of Nahees, a caring and devoted father/doctor whose priority was to ensure the well-being of his only daughter. The film showcases discrimination against the islanders, family revenge and fatherhood responsibilities. The film and his performance received positive response from critics. The film was believed to be a "huge improvement" over the recent Maldivian films. Being able to screen fifteen housefull shows of the film, it was declared to be a commercial success. He next starred opposite Sheela Najeeb and Yoosuf Shafeeu in Ahmed Nimal's horror film "Zalzalaa En'buri Aun" (2010). It was a spin-off to Aslam Rasheed's horror classic film "Zalzalaa" (2000) starring, Ibrahim Wisan, Ali Shameel and Niuma Mohamed. The film revolves around a mariage blanc, a murder of husband by his wife with secret lover and avenging of his death from everyone involved in the crime. He played the role of Sharim, a greedy doctor, who falls in love with his patient and execute her husband for money. The film received mixed response from critics and it did average business at box office. At the 6th Gaumee Film Awards, Mohamed received Best Supporting Actor award nomination for his performance in the film.
He next starred in Niuma Mohamed's directorial debut drama film "Niuma" (2010) alongside an ensemble cast including Mohamed, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Sheela Najeeb, Aminath Rasheedha and Abdulla Muaz. He played the role of Nizam, a pervert who sexually abuses his own younger sister. Upon release, the film met with widespread critical acclaim specifically complimenting the performance of actors and its dialogues. Ahmed Nadheem from "Haveeru" wrote: "If another actor has played the role of Nizam, I can assure you that, the consistency and power will be missing from the performance. Manik has justified his character the best anyone ever can". Being able to screen over thirty housefull shows of the film, it was declared a Mega-Hit at box office, and the highest grossing Maldivian release of the year. He also worked as the makeup artist of the film. His work was praised by Ahmed Naif from "Sun"; "Manik deserves all approbation for his work to bring the required emotions and sentiments through makeup. He exposed Niuma's idleness and sorrowful life with perfect makeup. He was bestowed with the Best Makeup award at the 6th Gaumee Film Awards ceremony and 2nd Maldives Film Awards and. The same year he directed a 4-episodes romantic television mini-series tiled "Thiya Loabeegai Abadhahme Vaanamey" starring opposite Sheela Najeeb and Nadhiya Hassan.
2011–present: Experiment with different genres.
The following year Manik featured in a small role in Ali Shifau's psychological romantic thriller "Zaharu" (2011) alongside Ali Seezan, Niuma Mohamed and Sheela Najeeb. The film centers on a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end and becomes obsessed with him. The film is inspired from Adrian Lyne-directed American psychological erotic thriller film "Fatal Attraction" (1987). Upon release the film received mixed response from critics and was declared a "flop" at box office. He then appeared in Yoosuf Shafeeu's family drama "E Bappa" (2011), featuring an ensemble cast including Hassan Manik, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Sheela Najeeb, Amira Ismail, Lufshan Shakeeb, Mariyam Shakeela and Fathimath Fareela. A film about fatherhood and how he has been treated by his family, received negative reviews for its "typical stereotype style" and was a box office failure. Last release of the year featured Manik in a negative role as Mac in Yoosuf Shafeeu-directed action drama film "Insaaf" (2011). The film revolves around the disputes between two districts of an island. Upon release, the film received mixed to positive reviews from critics while Ahmed Nadheem from "Haveeru" praised the performance of Manik.
In 2012, Manik starred in Ravee Farooq-directed romantic drama film "Mihashin Furaana Dhandhen" opposite Niuma Mohamed. Upon release, the film received mixed response from critics while his performance was recognised positively. Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" noted the film as "the best Maldivian melodramatic film" he had seen in the past two years, though displeased with its similarities between two Bollywood films. It was followed by Abdul Fattah's romantic film "Love Story" alongside Ali Seezan, Amira Ismail and Aishath Rishmy. The film received negative response from critics. Displeased with the screenplay and performance of the actors, Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" wrote: "None of the actors were given scope to build their characters and none was able to justify their character. With excessive emotional scenes, actors were exposed to over-acting and nothing more".
The following year, Manik collaborated with Hussain Munawwar for his second direction, revenge thriller film "Dhilakani" (2013) along with Ismail Rasheed, Niuma Mohamed, Mohamed Faisal and Aminath Rishfa. The film deals with a man's tumultuous journey to seek vengeance and the demolition of family bond over a girl. He played a politician trying to end the bloodshed in the society. The film attracted negative reception from critics while Nadheem wrote: "Embraced with futile characters, impractical scenes and out-dated music, the film has problems in each department. Munawwar failed to extract the talent of actors like [Mohamed Manik] who is one of the most accomplished actors in the industry". At the 3rd Maldives Film Awards, Mohamed was nominated as the Best Actor and Makeup artist for his work in the film.
In 2015, Manik appeared in the Ali Shifau-directed romantic film "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" alongside Mohamed Jumayyil and Mariyam Majudha. In a pre-premiere review from "Vaguthu", Ismail Nail praised his acting skills along with that of Sheela Najeeb's. The film was the highest grossing Maldivian film of the year, and was a commercial success. Following this, he played the dual role of Ahmed Fazeel and Mohamed Saleem, a man who becomes afflicted with "Post Traumatic Amnesia", in the Ravee Farooq-directed film "Mikoe Bappa Baey Baey" opposite Aishath Rishmy. The film along with his performance was critically acclaimed. It was one of the three entries from the Maldives to the SAARC Film Festival in 2016.
In 2017, Manik featured in Ali Shifau-directed romantic comedy "Mee Loaybakee" alongside Mohamed Jumayyil and Mariyam Azza. The film which is considered to include the largest cast in a Maldivian feature film, narrates the story of two ex-lovers sliding into the friend zone with the envy and diffidence they experience amidst a convoluted love-triangle. The film and his performance as an office boss received mainly positive reviews from critics. The film emerged as one of the highest grossing Maldivian films of 2017. He next featured alongside an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Fathimath Azifa, Ahmed Saeed and Ali Seezan in the romantic comedy film "Naughty 40" which was directed by Shafeeu. The film revolves around three friends, Ashwanee, Ahsan and Ajwad (Played by Shafeeu, Saeed and Manik respectively) who are single and having a youthful outlook, in spite of being in their forties. The film met with both critical and commercial success, emerging as one of the highest grossing Maldivian films of 2017. He reprised the role in the horror comedy film "40+" (2019), a sequel to 2017 released comedy film "Naughty 40", which was well received both critically and commercially.
Media image.
In 2011, Manik was voted in the top three as the "Most Entertaining Actor" in the SunFM Awards 2010, an award night ceremony initiated by Sun Media Group to honour the most recognized personalities in different fields, during the previous year. In 2018, he was ranked in the fourth position from Dho?'s list of Top Ten Actor of Maldives.

</doc>
<doc id="56966426" url="?curid=56966426" title="2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Olympic Repechage Tournament">
2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Olympic Repechage Tournament

2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Olympic Repechage Tournament. Spain won the tournament and qualified for the 2016 Rugby World Women's Sevens Olympic Repechage Tournament along with runner-up Ireland and third place Portugal.
Final repechage tournament.
Teams qualified for the tournament based on their performances in the 2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="56966427" url="?curid=56966427" title="War Elephants">
War Elephants


</doc>
<doc id="56966431" url="?curid=56966431" title="2017-18 Jersey Premiership">
2017-18 Jersey Premiership


</doc>
<doc id="56966434" url="?curid=56966434" title="Sheela Najeeb">
Sheela Najeeb

Sheela Najeeb (born 7 September 1974) is a Maldivian film actress. She has established a career in Maldivian Film Industry and is the recipient of several awards, one Gaumee Film Awards and two Maldivian Film Awards. She made her screen debut alongside Junaid in a music video "Nudhaashey Magey Loabivaa" and featured in several films afterwards.
In 2001, she gained wider recognition for the lead role in the romance "Hiiy Edhenee"; a remake of "Dhadkan", followed by Abdul Fattah's "Aan... Aharenves Loabivin" (2002) and his horror film "Eynaa" (2004). She received a Gaumee Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing the iniquitous mother in "Zuleykha" (2005). She went on to establish herself as a leading actress of Maldivian cinema by starring in horror film "Zalzalaa En'buri Aun" (2010) resulting in a Gaumee Film Award for Best Actress nomination. During the year played supporting roles in year's two highest grossing films, "Niuma" (2010) and "Heyonuvaane" (2010) where her performance gained critical acclaim. Her role as a whistleblower in the former and a ferocious wife in the latter fetched her two Best Supporting Actress nominations.
Career.
1998–2004: Debut and early releases.
In 2000, Najeeb made her television debut by playing the role of Aminath, an obedient young woman who is forced by her step-mother to marry an old businessman in Abdul Faththaah's television drama series "Dhoapatta". Starring alongside Mohamed Shavin, Niuma Mohamed and Jamsheedha Ahmed, the series centers on unrequited love and complications of a relationship within and beyond marriage. The same year she played Zeena, a college student opposite Yoosuf Shafeeu and Niuma Mohamed, in Hussain Adil's romance "Hiyy Halaaku". The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend. The film was an unofficial remake of Karan Johar's romantic drama film "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998) starring Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol and Rani Mukerji in the lead role.
In 2001, Najeeb received much acclaim for her role in Aishath Ali Manik's "Hiiy Edhenee" (2001) which was an unofficial remake of Dharmesh Darshan's romantic film "Dhadkan" (2000) starring Akshay Kumar, Suniel Shetty and Shilpa Shetty in the lead role. Cast opposite Ali Seezan and Asad Shareef, Najeeb played the role of Sheleen Yoosuf, a young woman who hailed from an extremely rich and influential family being forced to marry a man she does not like. She next starred alongside Yoosuf Shafeeu, Jamsheedha Ahmed, Mohamed Shavin and Ibrahim Giyas in Amjad Ibrahim-directed "Aaah" (2001) which revolves around two siblings involved in family business and the downfall of the younger brother's love life when he discovers his fiance is already married to an abusive husband.
Apart from working in Amjad Ibrahim's romantic drama film "Kahvalhah Dhaandhen" (2002) opposite Yoosuf Shafeeu, Najeeb collaborated with Ibrahim for his romantic horror film "Dhonkamana" (2003) which depicts the romantic relationship between a young man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) and an old woman (played by Fauziyya Hassan). Featuring Hassan, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Sheereen Abdul Wahid, Amira Ismail and Aminath Rasheedha, the film received mainly negative reviews from critics though its inclusion of the theme portraying the relationship between a couple with a large age group was appraised. It was followed by Abdul Faththaah-directed "Aan... Aharenves Loabivin" (2002) starred alongside Ali Seezan, Niuma Mohamed, Aminath Rasheedha and Neena Saleem where she played the role of Sara, the only child of a family who had a bitter relationship with her lovers and an unfortunate incident leading her to suffer from amnesia. Upon release, the film opened to positive response from critics and was a commercially successful project. She rose to widespread prominence in the television industry and was applauded for her performance as the forbearing second wife, in the Abdul Faththaah-directed critically acclaimed television series, "Thiyey Mihithuge Vindhakee" (2003) which was considered as one of the best series production in television industry.
Abdul Fattah's horror film "Eynaa" (2004) was released in 2004, in which appeared Najeeb, Mohamed Manik, Ahmed Shah, Khadheeja Ibrahim Didi, Ibrahim Jihad and Nashidha Mohamed as six colleagues who go on a picnic to a haunted uninhabited island and their battle for survival. The film garnered critical appreciation especially for its technical department and was a commercial success.
2005–11: Critical acclaim with supporting roles.
Najeeb collaborated with Fathimath Nahula for the first time in her critically and commercially successful romantic drama television series, "Kalaage Haqqugaa" by replacing Jamsheedha Ahmed after the seventh episode, to portray the role of Nuzu, a depressive wife mourning over her dead husband. She repeated her collaboration with Fathimath Nahula for another critically appreciated and commercially prosperous project, a romantic drama film "Zuleykha" (2005) which narrates the journey of a nine years old girl seeking the lost love of her mother. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mariyam Nisha, Ali Seezan, Mohamed Manik and Mariyam Enash Sinan, Najeeb played the role of an iniquitous mother which fetched her a Gaumee Film Award for Best Supporting Actress. Thirty three housefull shows of the film were screened at the cinema making it the highest grossing Maldivian release of the year. This was followed by Amjad Ibrahim's romantic drama film "Hithuge Edhun" (2006) which narrates the story of a disabled man. Najeeb played the role of Nisha, the devoted wife who has been abandoned by her husband, which resulted in another Gaumee Film Award nomination as the Best Supporting Actress. The same year, Najeeb collaborated with Arifa Ibrahim for her romantic television drama series, "Vaguthu Faaithu Nuvanees" (2006) which consists of fifty episodes. The series which follows the vengeance and retribution two best-friends go through when they both love the same person, features her in the role of Shazma, a religious and acquiescent woman who is mistreated by her brother and sister-in-law. The role was portrayed by Mariyam Zuhura before Najeeb replaced her from the thirty-fourth episode.
In 2008, Najeeb appeared in Fathimath Nahula's romantic drama film, "Yoosuf" which depicts the story of a deaf and mute man (played by Yoosuf Shafeeu) who has been mistreated by a wealthy family, mocking his disability. Featuring an ensemble cast including Yoosuf Shafeeu, Niuma Mohamed, Mohamed Manik, Ahmed Nimal, Fauziyya Hassan, Ravee Farooq, Zeenath Abbas and Ahmed Lais Asim, the film is considered to include most prominent faces in a Maldivian film. Najeeb played the devoted friend of the titular character and regarded her role to be one of the most challenging role she has portrayed in her career since most of her dialogues need to "audible and expressive in gestures". The film received widespread critical acclaim and was attained a blockbuster status at box office. A total of forty five housefull shows were screened at Olympus Cinema before the film was leaked online, however the producers were able to screen five more shows at the cinema making it one of the Maldivian all-time highest grossing movies. The film was Maldivian official entry at 2009 SAARC Film Festivals and holds the privilege of being the opening movie of the festival. Her performance earned her a Maldives Film Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Najeeb played the manipulative wife who tried to murder her own sister, in Ahmed Nimal-directed family drama film "E Dharifulhu" (2009) featuring an ensemble cast including Niuma Mohamed, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mohamed Manik, and Ahmed Nimal. At 1st Maldives Film Awards, Najeeb received her first nomination as Best Actress for her performance in the film. Another release of the year, "Loaiybahtakaa" (2009), written and directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu stars her as a tailor who marries her best friend. The romantic drama, co-starring Yoosuf Shafeeu, Fathimath Fareela and Mohamed Faisal, tells the story of unrequited love, and proved to be a commercial success.
Najeeb's first release of 2010 was Ahmed Nimal's horror film "Zalzalaa En'buri Aun" starred oppsoted Yoosuf Shafeeu and Mohamed Manik. It was a spin-off to Aslam Rasheed's horror classic film "Zalzalaa" (2000) starring, Ibrahim Wisan, Ali Shameel and Niuma Mohamed. The film revolves around a mariage blanc, a murder of husband by his wife with secret lover and avenging of his death from everyone involved in the crime. She played the role of Shahana, an avaricious wife who kills her husband with the help of her secret lover. The film received mixed response from critics and it did average business at box office. At the 6th Gaumee Film Awards, Najeeb received Gaumee Film Award for Best Actress award nomination for her performance in the film. She next starred in Niuma Mohamed's directorial debut drama film "Niuma" (2010) alongside an ensemble cast including Mohamed, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mohamed Manik, Aminath Rasheedha and Abdulla Muaz. She played the role of Aminath, the whistleblower who tried to help her husband's sister from being sexually abused by her father and brother. Upon release, the film met with widespread critical acclaim specifically complimenting the performance of actors and its dialogues. Ahmed Naif from "Sun" wrote; "Najeeb's fluctuation of expression and emotion with the change in each scene is remarkable". Being able to screen over thirty housefull shows of the film, it was declared a Mega-Hit at box office, and the highest grossing Maldivian release of the year. The film fetched her a Best Supporting Actress nomination at 6th Gaumee Film Awards ceremony, while winning the same category at 2nd Maldives Film Awards.
The last release of year featured Najeeb in Yoosuf Shafeeu's drama film "Heyonuvaane" (2010), opposite Shafeeu and Fathimath Fareela. The story revolves around a male who is victimised of domestic abuse. She played the role of ferocious wife who discriminate and abuses her husband for being underprivileged. The film received majorly negative reviews from critics though her performance was singularly commended. Ahmed Naif from "Sun" wrote: "The only good thing about this movie is [Najeeb]'s performance; which is clearly the best I have witnessed during the year from a heroine. She received another nomination as the Best Supporting Actress at 6th Gaumee Film Awards ceremony. Twenty two housefull shows of the film were screened at cinema, declaring it a Mega-Hit and second highest grossing Maldivian release of the year.
In 2011, two films of Najeeb were released, both of them failed to impress critics and audience though her performance was considered to be "the best from the cast" from each film. She first featured in Ali Shifau's psychological romantic thriller "Zaharu" alongside Ali Seezan and Niuma Mohamed. The film centers on a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end and becomes obsessed with him. She played the role of Shaheen, a devious woman who goes to any extent to trap her school-life crush. The film is inspired from Adrian Lyne-directed American psychological erotic thriller film "Fatal Attraction" (1987). Upon release the film received mixed response from critics and was declared a "flop" at box office. At the 7th Gaumee Film Awards, she received a nomination as Best Supporting Actress for the role. She also received a nomination in the same category for her performance in "Zaharu" at 2nd Maldives Film Awards. She then appeared in Yoosuf Shafeeu's family drama "E Bappa" (2011), featuring an ensemble cast including Hassan Manik, Yoosuf Shafeeu, Mohamed Manik, Amira Ismail, Lufshan Shakeeb, Mariyam Shakeela and Fathimath Fareela. A film about fatherhood and how he has been treated by his family, received negative reviews for its "typical stereotype style" and was a box office failure.
2012–present: Further releases.
Najeeb's only release of 2012 was Abdul Fattah's romantic film "Love Story" (2012) alongside Ali Seezan, Amira Ismail and Aishath Rishmy. The film received negative response from critics. Displeased with the screenplay and performance of the actors, Ahmed Nadheem of "Haveeru" wrote: "None of the actors were given scope to build their characters and none was able to justify their character. With excessive emotional scenes, actors were exposed to over-acting and nothing more".
In 2015, Najeeb appeared in Ali Shifau-directed romantic film "Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen" alongside Mohamed Jumayyil and Mariyam Majudha. In a pre-premiere review from "Vaguthu", Ismail Nail praised her acting skills along with those of Mohamed Manik. The film was the highest grossing Maldive film of the year, and was a commercial success. The following year, she played the role of Ruby, the frightened lady in a group of friends who gets trapped in a haunted house, in Fathimath Nahula's horror film "4426" (2016). Upon release, the film received mostly positive reviews from critics. Ahmed Nadheem of "Avas" labelled the film as a "masterpiece" and noted her performance to be "good". With twenty-five back-to-back housefull shows being screened, "4426" was declared as the highest grossing film of the year. Shafeeu-directed "Baiveriyaa" (2016), a comedy film featuring an ensemble cast was her second release of the year. The film revolves around an aspiring actress who flees from her family to pursue a career in the industry and the suspicions and confusions that arise. Upon release the film was positively received by critics. Nazim Hassan of "Avas" applauded the comical timing of the characters and picked the heated arguments between Shafeeu and Najeeb as the highlights of the film. He wrote: "Nobody could have played the role of Riyasha better than Najeeb. No one can match the evilness she has onscreen". The film emerged as one of the highest grossing films of the year.
2018 was a dull year for Maldivian film-industry with regards to 2018 Maldivian presidential election. Her only release of the year was the first Maldivian web-series, a romantic drama by Fathimath Nahula, "Huvaa". The series consisting of sixty episodes and streamed through the digital platform Baiskoafu, centers around a happy and radiant family which breaks into despairing pieces after a tragic incident that led to an unaccountable loss. The series and her performance as a widow struggling to overcome with the memories of her deceased husband were positively received. The following year, she starred in Yoosuf Shafeeu's horror comedy film "40+" (2019), a sequel to 2017 released comedy film "Naughty 40", which was well received both critically and commercially.
Media image.
In 2011, Najeeb was selected in the top five as the "Most Entertaining Actress" in the SunFM Awards 2010, an award night ceremony initiated by Sun Media Group to honour the most recognized personalities in different fields, during the previous year. In 2012, she was ranked at the fifth position in the list of "Best Actresses in Maldives" compiled by "Haveeru", where writer Ahmed Nadheem credited her "powerful performance" in "Thiyey Mihithuge Vindhakee" for the same. In 2018, she was ranked in the second place from "Dho?"'s list of Top Ten Actresses of Maldives where writer Aishath Maaha opined that Najeeb is the "perfect choice for any role from a vile to a soft-spoken woman".

</doc>
<doc id="56966450" url="?curid=56966450" title="Konrad von Wallhausen">
Konrad von Wallhausen

Konrad von Wallhausen otherwise Konrad I of Meissen or Konrad I von Wallhausen (died 6 January 1258) was Bishop of Meissen from 1240 to 1258.
His episcopate, about which there is little information, coincided with the Interregnum and the War of the Thuringian Succession.

</doc>
<doc id="56966457" url="?curid=56966457" title="East Oktibbeha High School">
East Oktibbeha High School


</doc>
<doc id="56966465" url="?curid=56966465" title="West Oktibbeha High School">
West Oktibbeha High School


</doc>
<doc id="56966470" url="?curid=56966470" title="East Oktibbeha">
East Oktibbeha


</doc>
<doc id="56966473" url="?curid=56966473" title="West Oktibbeha">
West Oktibbeha


</doc>
<doc id="56966480" url="?curid=56966480" title="Konrad I von Wallhausen">
Konrad I von Wallhausen


</doc>
<doc id="56966484" url="?curid=56966484" title="1988 Mercedes Cup">
1988 Mercedes Cup

The 1988 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1988 Grand Prix circuit. It was the 11th edition of the tournament and was held from 11 July until 17 July 1988. Second-seeded Andre Agassi won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Andre Agassi defeated Andrés Gómez, 6–4, 6–2
Doubles.
 Sergio Casal / Emilio Sánchez defeated Anders Järryd / Michael Mortensen, 4–6, 6–3, 6–4

</doc>
<doc id="56966492" url="?curid=56966492" title="Konrad I of Meissen">
Konrad I of Meissen


</doc>
<doc id="56966499" url="?curid=56966499" title="2015 Rugby Europe Olympic Repechage Tournament">
2015 Rugby Europe Olympic Repechage Tournament


</doc>
<doc id="56966500" url="?curid=56966500" title="Ponerorchis trifurcata">
Ponerorchis trifurcata

Ponerorchis trifurcata is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to south-central China (north-west Yunnan).
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 1982 as "Amitostigma trifurcatum". A molecular phylogenetic study in 2014 found that species of "Amitostigma", "Neottianthe" and "Ponerorchis" were mixed together in a single clade, making none of the three genera monophyletic as then circumscribed. "Amitostigma" and "Neottianthe" were subsumed into "Ponerorchis", with this species becoming "Ponerorchis trifurcata".

</doc>
<doc id="56966504" url="?curid=56966504" title="Color Rhapsodies">
Color Rhapsodies


</doc>
<doc id="56966512" url="?curid=56966512" title="Amitostigma trifurcatum">
Amitostigma trifurcatum


</doc>
<doc id="56966513" url="?curid=56966513" title="Sandpapergate">
Sandpapergate


</doc>
<doc id="56966515" url="?curid=56966515" title="Shenzhen Polytech">
Shenzhen Polytech


</doc>
<doc id="56966520" url="?curid=56966520" title="Nepal Ayurvedic Medical Council">
Nepal Ayurvedic Medical Council

The Nepal Ayurvedic Medical Council (NAMC) is a statutory body for establishing uniform and high standards of Ayurvedic medical education in Nepal. Ayurveda is a system of medicine with historical roots in ancient Hindu Culture. The modern practices Ayurvedic Medicine derived from Ayurveda traditions are a type of complementary or alternative medicine.
NAMC was established in 1988 under Nepal Ayurveda Medical Council Act of 1988. The Council grants recognition of medical qualifications, gives accreditation to c medical schools, grants registration to medical practitioners, and monitors medical practice in Nepal.
Currently the Council has 11 recognized colleges throughout Nepal which teach the courses like Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS), MD Ayurveda, PCL in Ayurveda and General Medicine, TSLC in Ayurveda etc. 
NAMC is one of many statutory bodies related to Healthcare in Nepal. Other are Nepal Medical Council, Nepal Nursing Council (NNC), Nepal Alternative Medical Development Council (NAMDC), Nepal Pharmacy Council, Nepal Health Professional Council, Nepal Health Research Council.

</doc>
<doc id="56966524" url="?curid=56966524" title="Sandpaper gate">
Sandpaper gate


</doc>
<doc id="56966525" url="?curid=56966525" title="Sandpaper Gate">
Sandpaper Gate


</doc>
<doc id="56966530" url="?curid=56966530" title="Transbaikal Republic">
Transbaikal Republic


</doc>
<doc id="56966532" url="?curid=56966532" title="Manitoulin Country Fest">
Manitoulin Country Fest


</doc>
<doc id="56966533" url="?curid=56966533" title="Secrets from the Russian Tea Room">
Secrets from the Russian Tea Room


</doc>
<doc id="56966542" url="?curid=56966542" title="Meteodyn WT">
Meteodyn WT

Meteodyn WT, commonly known as Meteodyn is a wind energy software program that uses computational fluid dynamics (CFD) to conduct wind resource assessment. Developed and marketed by Meteodyn, Meteodyn WT was first released in September 2009. The software quantifies the wind resource in a desired terrain in order to assess the feasibility of a proposed wind farm. The software's objective is to design the most profitable wind farm. This is achieved by taking into account the measured wind data at a measurement tower and the terrain conditions. Both of these are essential to be able to obtain the wind conditions and therefore the wind resources of the desired terrain.
Meteodyn WT has been validated with actual wind measurements by independent studies.
Meteodyn WT is used by wind turbine manufacturers, wind farm developers, consulting firms and wind farm operators.
Graphical user interface.
The current version of Meteodyn WT displays all projects in one world map; this map already includes terrain and roughness data.
Features.
Meteodyn WT features a geographical data management tool, a meteorological data processing tool, a LIDAR correction tool, a wind turbine creation tool, a wind turbines micro-siting tool, a wind atlas tool and an auto-convergence tool.
It also includes the following functions: wind resource mapping, wake effect computation, annual energy production (AEP) with / without wake effect, directional wind shear at each turbine, wind and turbulence matrices at each turbine, IEC compliance, automatic report generation, losses and uncertainties.
Compatibility with other software.
The current version of Meteodyn WT exports to the following wind energy software formats: .wrg, .rsf, .wrb, .fmv and .flowres. Google earth and Surfer export formats are also available.
Solution method.
Meteodyn WT uses computational fluid dynamics (CFD) which directly takes into consideration the geometry of the terrain in question. The software solves the Navier-Stokes equations numerically by using the K-L turbulence model. This technique to solve the Navier-Stokes equations takes into account the stability of the atmosphere.
Language.
Meteodyn WT is available in English, French, Standard Chinese and Spanish.
Ports.
Microsoft Windows.
Meteodyn WT is a proprietary software package created for Microsoft Windows and usually, any new Meteodyn WT version supports the current Microsoft Windows version and some older ones. Meteodyn WT 5.3.2 supports Windows 7 up to Windows 10. Meteodyn WT 6 supports Windows 8 up to Windows 10.

</doc>
<doc id="56966545" url="?curid=56966545" title="Mildred Richardson">
Mildred Richardson

Mildred Richardson (19 July 1893 – 28 June 1987) was a British competitive pair skater. With her husband Tyke Richardson, she represented Great Britain at the 1924 Winter Olympics, where they were placed 8th. 
Early life.
Richardson was born as Fanny Mildred Allingham on 19 July 1893. She was a talented singer in her youth but gave it up as she became involved in ice skating. 
Ice Skating.
Before the First World War, Richardson won a number of ice dancing competitions with her partner and future husband T.D. Richardson. They married in 1915 and after the war resumed competing including representing Great Britain at the 1924 Winter Olympics. In 1936 she was a non-playing captain of the British figure skating team at the 1936 Winter Olympics. 
The Richardsons became active judges, both reaching the rank of International Skating Union (ISU) Championship (World) Judge. They also served as referees and judged many national and international championships. 
The Richardsons served the National Skating Association (now the National Ice Skating Association) of Great Britain in many capacities. Both Richardson and her husband were elected to honorary life membership of the NSA in 1967.
Later life.
Richardson died on the 28 June 1987, aged 87. 

</doc>
<doc id="56966563" url="?curid=56966563" title="Microweber Open-Source CMS and Website Builder">
Microweber Open-Source CMS and Website Builder


</doc>
<doc id="56966576" url="?curid=56966576" title="Private Secretary to the Duke of Cambridge">
Private Secretary to the Duke of Cambridge


</doc>
<doc id="56966577" url="?curid=56966577" title="130th Street">
130th Street

130th Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56966586" url="?curid=56966586" title="Vincent Farinole">
Vincent Farinole

Vincent-Marie Farinole (1 September 1832 – 16 September 1905) was a French advocate who was Senator of Corsica from 1894 to 1903.
Early years (1832–70).
Vincent-Marie Farinole was born on 1 September 1832 in Sigean, Aude.
His parents were Joseph Farinole() (1792–1887) and Philippine Benoîte Mathieu.
He came from an old Coriscan family with several members who were notable before the French Revolution.
He attended a Jesuit school for a classical education, then went on the Lycée Charlemagne and the Lycée Saint-Louis in Paris.
He studied law at the University of Aix-en-Provence, then after obtaining his license enrolled as an advocate at the Bar of Bastia in 1856, where he pleaded until 1870.
He married around 1865 and had a daughter, Magdeleine Juliette Louise Clélie Farinole (1872–1946).
Although his family had ties with the Bonapartistes of Corsica, Farinole held strong Republican opinions and was an opponent of the Second French Empire.
In 1869 he was one of the co-founders of the weekly "La Revanche" with Patrice de Corsi, Louis Tommasi and Léonard Limperani.
There was a violent controversy between the editors of this paper and prince Pierre Napoléon Bonaparte.
During it Farinole sent a letter to the Paris correspondent Paschal Grousset that made him send witnesses to challenge the prince to a duel.
One of the Grousset's witnesses was Victor Noir, who would be tragically killed in Auteuil.
Farinole campaigned against the 1870 constitutional referendum in Corsica and publicly voted "No" on 8 May 1870.
Third Republic (1870–1905).
After the fall of the empire on 4 September 1870 Farinole's life was in danger in Corsica and he went to Paris as an officer of the National Guard to defend the capital.
On 4 September 1870 Adolphe Crémieux, Minister of Justice of the National Defense Government, appointed Farinole public prosecutor in Bastia, Corsica. 
In 1873 Jules Armand Dufaure appointed him a judge in Le Havre.
He returned to Bastia as Advocate General.
He was dismissed by the first cabinet of Albert de Broglie after the fall of Adolphe Thiers on 25 May 1873.
In 1879 under the government of William Waddington he was appointed adviser to the Bastia court of appeal by the Minister of Justice Philippe Le Royer.
He was then named honorary adviser to the court of appeal of Aix-en-Provence.
He was elected in turn general councillor of the cantons of Murato and Ghisoni.
He became vice-president of the Corsican general council.
Farinole was elected Senator of Corsica on 7 January 1894, holding office until 3 January 1903.
He was elected in the first round of voting by 409 votes against 349 for Nicolas Péraldi and 272 for Ange Muracciole.
He sat with the Republican Left group.
In the senate he denounced abuses in Corsica by political appointees in the island's judiciary, called for improvement of maritime and postal links to the island, called for action against forest fires and deforestation, called for a stronger garrison, pointed out health issues and submitted a proposal to fight electoral fraud.
He failed to be reelected in the 1903 renewal, when Muracciole and Émile Combes were elected.
Farinole died on 16 September 1905 in Bastia.
Publications.
Publications by Farinole include:

</doc>
<doc id="56966595" url="?curid=56966595" title="2018 São Toméan legislative election">
2018 São Toméan legislative election

Parliamentary elections were held in São Tomé and Príncipe on 7 October 2018. Municipal elections and elections to the regional council on Príncipe were held alongside them. 
Electoral system.
The 55 members of the National Assembly are elected by closed list proportional representation in seven multi-member constituencies.
Parties.
The elections were contested by five parties and two electoral alliances, three of which presented a candidate for Prime Minister; the ruling Independent Democratic Action (ADI) under Prime Minister Patrice Trovoada, the main opposition party the centre-left MLSTP-PSD led by its newly elected president former Minister of Education and Culture Jorge Bom Jesus, and a centre-right coalition formed in August between the MDFM–UDD Union (a merger between the MDFM-PL and UDD) and the Democratic Convergence Party (PCD). The coalition fielded the leader of PCD Arlindo Carvalho as its candidate for Prime Minister. 
In addition, the newly established People's Strength Party, the alliance between the Social Democratic Movement and the Green Party (MSD–PVSTP), the Party for all Santomerese (PTOS), and the Caué-based Movement of Independent Citizens of São Tomé and Príncipe (MCISTP) contested the election.
Results.
Unlike previous elections in the multi-party era, results were not announced on election night for the two largest constituencies, Água Grande and Mé-Zóchi, containing a total of 26 seats. Results from the five smaller constituencies gave 14 seats to the ADI, 12 to the MLSTP/PSD, one to the PCD–MDFM–UDD coalition and two to the MCISTP in the Caué constituency.
On election night the Secretary General of the ADI Levy Nazaré announced the party had gotten 26 seats and would continue to govern with support from the MCISTP, whereas MLSTP/PSD had only gotten 23 seats, but this announcement was made before all votes had been counted.
The final result was 25 seats to the ADI, 23 to the MLSTP-PSD, 5 to the PCD/MDFM-UDD coalition and 2 to the MCISTP, both in the Caué constituency.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Aftermath.
At a joint press conference the leaders of MLSTP/PSD and the PCD–MDFM–UDD coalition announced they had a pre-election agreement to govern together and requested that Jorge Bom Jesus should be made Prime Minister, but ADI insisted that the country had had minority governments before and that they as the biggest party should form the government.
The ADI asked for verification of the more than 2,000 blank and void votes hoping to gain an extra seat and obtain a majority together with MCISTP. This unleashed riots in parts of the country as opposition supporters feared the government would rig the results.
On 12 October the police announced that there would be a 72 hour ban on demonstrations after the Constitutional Court declares the final results. The opposition claimed that this was illegal, as only the President could authorize a ban on the advice of the government and with the consent of the National Assembly, and that they would not comply with the ban if the final results deviate from the ones issued by the electoral commission.
The proclamation of the ban happened after President Evaristo Carvalho had left the country to participate in the celebration of the 50th anniversary of Equatorial Guinea's independence. In the airport Carvalho said that he would follow the constitution and authorize the party with the most seats to form the new government, indicating that Patrice Trovoada could continue as Prime Minister despite the ADI losing their majority.
On 30 November the President nominated Jorge Bom Jesus as Prime Minister. The new government was sworn in on 3 December.

</doc>
<doc id="56966596" url="?curid=56966596" title="Vincent-Marie Farinole">
Vincent-Marie Farinole


</doc>
<doc id="56966602" url="?curid=56966602" title="2016 Women's Rugby Sevens Final Olympic Qualification Tournament">
2016 Women's Rugby Sevens Final Olympic Qualification Tournament


</doc>
<doc id="56966617" url="?curid=56966617" title="Taddeo Lwanga">
Taddeo Lwanga

Taddeo Lwanga (born 21 May 1994) is a Ugandan professional footballer who plays for Simba SC in the Tanzanian Premier League and the Uganda national team as a midfielder.
Early life.
At a young age, he was a member of Ndejje United F.C in the second division before engaged in the Buganda Masaza cup for Kyadondo.
Club career.
Express FC.
In January 2014, Lwanga joined Express FC. He debuted for Express FC against Police FC on 11 February 2014. He scored his first goal for Express FC against Lweza Football Club on 21 November 2014.
SC Villa.
In 2015, he joined SC Villa making his debut on against Bright Stars in Mwererwe on 25 August 2015. He marked a memorable time at Sports Club Villa with the winning goal against Sudan's Al Khartoum SC in the CAF Confederations Cup in February 2016. Taddeo had an impressive season helping the SC Villa finish second in Uganda Premier League.
Vipers SC.
In 2017, Lwanga joined Vipers SC and sealed a two-year deal with them. He made his debut on against Bright Stars FC on 12 September 2017. He scored his first goal for Vipers SC against Proline FC on 24 December 2017 at St. Mary's Stadium.
Lwanga played his first game of the 2018–19 season on 28 September 2018 against Ndejje University at St. Mary's Stadium, Vipers won 1–0. He scored his first goal in the season against Proline in the Uganda Cup at StarTimes Stadium Lugoggo on 12 March 2019. He played his last game in the season against Bul FC on 4 May 2019 at St. Mary's Stadium. He played a total of 23 matches in the season. Vipers finished second in the league.
Tanta.
In August 2019, Lwanga joined Egyptian Premier League side Tanta SC.
Simba SC.
On 2 December 2020, Lwanga joined Simba SC on a 2year contract deal.
International career.
Taddeo made his debut for Uganda national team against Malawi national team in a friendly match at Kamuzu stadium.
Honours.
Club.
SC Villa
Vipers SC

</doc>
<doc id="56966620" url="?curid=56966620" title="1974 Ulster Unionist Party leadership election">
1974 Ulster Unionist Party leadership election

The 1974 Ulster Unionist Party leadership election took place on 22 January 1974, as a result of incumbent Brian Faulkner's resignation on 7 January 1974 because of difficulty in achieving agreement to the setting up of an all-Ireland council. The election resulted in Harry West succeeding Faulkner as Leader of the UUP.

</doc>
<doc id="56966622" url="?curid=56966622" title="Ceil Lucas">
Ceil Lucas

Ceil Lucas (born March 19, 1951) is an American linguist. Lucas is a "professor emerita" of Gallaudet University. Lucas was a professor in the Department of Linguistics at Gallaudet University until her retirement in 2014. Lucas is currently the editor of "Sign Language Studies" at Gallaudet University Press, a position she's held since 2009.
Lucas is known for her contributions to the field of linguistics, most notably in the research of American Sign Language.
Early life.
Lucas was born in the United States but raised from ages five through twenty-one in Guatemala City and in Rome, Italy.
Lucas studied at Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, and received her BA in French and art history. Later, she earned her M.S. and PhD in linguistics from Georgetown University. 
Career.
In 1973, Lucas started teaching Italian and continues to do so.
Lucas began teaching at Gallaudet University in 1981 and, alongside Robert Johnson and Scott Liddell, was one of the inaugural faculty to teach in the university's new linguistics graduate program. 
During her tenure at Gallaudet, Lucas served as principal investigator on two research projects in the field of sign language linguistics. The first of these was the large-scale project "Sociolinguistic Variation In ASL" (funded by the National Science Foundation Grant Numbers: SBR 9310116, SBR 9709522). The results of this study are summarized in the book "Sociolinguistic Variation in American Sign Language" (2001). (Results of its pilot study are discussed in the introductory chapter of "Sociolinguistics in Deaf Communities" (1995).) The second project became titled "The History and Structure of Black ASL" (funded by The Spencer Foundation and NSF, Grant Numbers: BCS-0813736, DRL-0936085). The results of this study are summarized in the book "The Hidden Treasure of Black ASL: Its History and Structure" (2011).
Lucas also holds an M.A. from the University of Texas at Austin.
Lucas was awarded "professor emerita" status in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56966626" url="?curid=56966626" title="Maxomys tajuddinii">
Maxomys tajuddinii

Maxomys tajuddinii is a species of rodent in the genus "Maxomys". It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. It is a rodent of medium size, with a tail length of 106.9-122.3 mm, feet of 27.62-30.04 mm and a weight of up to 70 g.

</doc>
<doc id="56966631" url="?curid=56966631" title="Anna Bochkoltz">
Anna Bochkoltz

Anna Juliane Bochkoltz (also Bochkoltz-Falconi, 11 March 1815 – 24 December 1879) was a German operatic soprano, voice teacher and composer. She performed her first concert in 1843, then studied in Brussels and Paris. After singing concerts in Paris, London and Berlin, she appeared in the 1850s on opera stages in Wiesbaden, Frankfurt, Munich and Coburg. She was known for the range of her voice, and was regarded as one of the important dramatic coloratura sopranos of her era, appearing as Mozart's Donna Anna, Beethoven's Fidelio and Bellini's Norma. She later taught singing in Vienna, Strasbourg and Paris.
Life.
Born Anna Juliane Bochkoltz in Trier, she was the daughter of the lawyer Johnann Friedrich Joseph Bochkoltz and his wife Barbara, née Sauer. Her nickname was Nanny. She taught drawing from 1831 to 1833 at her mother's private school. She trained her voice, reportedly first with Stephan Dunst. She had contact with Jenny von Westphalen, later the wife of Karl Marx.
She performed her first concert in Trier in 1843. In 1844, she studied at the conservatory of Brussels, in 1845 in Paris. The following year, she became "Membre Solo de la Sociètè du Conservatoire de Paris". She gave concerts in Paris, London, Berlin and Trier. In the 1850s, she appeared on the opera stages of the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden, the Frankfurt Opera, Nationaltheater München and Landestheater Coburg. Her roles included Donna Anna in Mozart's "Don Giovanni", the title role in Beethoven's "Fidelio", the title role in Bellini's "Norma", and Agathe in Weber's "Der Freischütz."
She lived in Vienna from 1856 to 1873 and gave singing lessons. Her students included Ottilie Ebner (1836–1920), Wilhelmine Raab (1848–1917), Ida Benza (1846–1889) and Hermann Rosenberg (1849–1911). She composed songs with piano accompaniment. She lived and taught from 1873 in Strasbourg, and later in Paris, where she died.
She was regarded as one of the important dramatic coloratura sopranos of her era, noted for the range of her voice.
Performances.
Bochkoltz appeared at La Scala in Milan on 1 November 1851 in Pergolesi's "Lo frate 'nnamorato". On 2 April 1854, she performed a role in the premiere of "Santa Chiara", an opera composed by Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in Gotha. She appeared as Beethoven's Fidelio in Munich on 21 October 1852. She appeared as Elisabeth in Wagner's "Tannhäuser" when it was first performed in Coburg, where the action takes place, in December 1854, alongside Julius Réer in title role.

</doc>
<doc id="56966633" url="?curid=56966633" title="Linguistic phenomenology">
Linguistic phenomenology


</doc>
<doc id="56966636" url="?curid=56966636" title="1987 Mercedes Cup">
1987 Mercedes Cup

The 1987 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1987 Grand Prix circuit. It was the 10th edition of the tournament and was held from 13 July until 19 July 1987. First-seeded Miloslav Mečíř won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Miloslav Mečíř defeated Jan Gunnarsson, 6–0, 6–2
Doubles.
 Rick Leach / Tim Pawsat defeated Mikael Pernfors / Magnus Tideman, 6–3, 6–4

</doc>
<doc id="56966638" url="?curid=56966638" title="John Hastings (politician)">
John Hastings (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56966640" url="?curid=56966640" title="John Murphy (soccer)">
John Murphy (soccer)

John Murphy (born April 19, 2000) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a midfielder for Union Omaha in USL League One.
Career.
Born in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, Murphy came up through the academy system of the Players Development Academy in New Jersey and recently has played for New York Red Bulls PDL and USL teams. Prior to the 2018 season, it was announced that Murphy would be part of New York Red Bulls II of the United Soccer League as a registered academy player. Murphy then made his debut for Red Bulls II on March 27, 2018 against Atlanta United 2. He came on as an 84th-minute substitute for Steven Echevarria as Red Bulls II lost 3–1. He has also represented the US National Team at the U15, U16 and U17 level. Recently he also participated in a U18 National Team Camp for Ireland as he holds a dual citizenship.
On June 27, 2019, Murphy signed with Loudoun United FC for the remainder of their inaugural season.
In April 2021, Murphy joined USL League One side Union Omaha ahead of the 2021 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56966644" url="?curid=56966644" title="Crossen Car Works">
Crossen Car Works


</doc>
<doc id="56966649" url="?curid=56966649" title="'Round and 'Round">
'Round and 'Round


</doc>
<doc id="56966658" url="?curid=56966658" title="Lake Superior and South Western Railway">
Lake Superior and South Western Railway


</doc>
<doc id="56966688" url="?curid=56966688" title="Tony Clay">
Tony Clay

Tony David Clay (born 8 August 1991) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Callum "Halfway" Highway in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" since 2018.
Early and personal life.
Clay was born in Bexley, Kent on 8 August 1991 to Christopher and Suzanne Clay. He attended the Arts Educational Schools, London and graduated with a BA in acting in 2013.
Clay has been in a relationship with Olivia Griffin since August 2016.
Career.
Clay's first role was in a short film called "An Ordinary Life" in 2012. In 2017, he played the role of Woody Gilbert in the show "Stan Lee's Lucky Man". He has also appeared in "Foyle's War" and several theatre productions.
In January 2018, Clay joined the cast of "EastEnders" as Callum "Halfway" Highway and is introduced as a friend of the Carter family. During his initial stint on the show, the character is decipted as a "happy-go-lucky" character who wears shabby clothing and beanie hats. Originally contracted for two months, Clay reprised the role in April 2018 and since then the character's storylines have included a relationship with Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty, the introduction of the Halfway's brother Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) and the character coming out as gay and beginning a relationship with Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) which has been dubbed "Ballum" by the media.

</doc>
<doc id="56966689" url="?curid=56966689" title="List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1948">
List of Billboard 200 number-one albums of 1948


</doc>
<doc id="56966700" url="?curid=56966700" title="Frozen 2 (2019 film)">
Frozen 2 (2019 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56966704" url="?curid=56966704" title="Tuula Yrjölä">
Tuula Yrjölä

Tuula Yrjölä is a Finnish diplomat. She is the Head of the OSCE Office in Tajikistan of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe since 1 October 2016, where she was appointed by the OSCE Presidency in 2016. She was the Ambassador of Finland to Cairo from 2013 to 2016. She started working at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs since 1982
Yrjölä has previously served as a rotating Ambassador of Central Asia and Head of the Unit for Eastern Europe and Central Asia and served in the Finnish Missions in New York, Moscow and Kiev
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56966705" url="?curid=56966705" title="Hercules powder">
Hercules powder


</doc>
<doc id="56966717" url="?curid=56966717" title="John Heath (cricketer)">
John Heath (cricketer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966723" url="?curid=56966723" title="NGC 4607">
NGC 4607

NGC 4607 is an edge-on spiral galaxy located about 56 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo. NGC 4607 was discovered by astronomer R. J. Mitchell on April 24, 1854. The galaxy is a member of the Virgo Cluster.
Interaction with NGC 4606.
NGC 4607 may be a possible companion of NGC 4606 and are separated from each other by a projected distance of about ~. Despite this, NGC 4607 does show any evidence in the optical or H I of having been tidally disturbed unlike NGC 4606. This would be inconsistent if a strong tidal interaction has occurred between the two galaxies. Also, both galaxies redshifts differ by about 600 km/s making it unlikely that they are they are gravitationally bound pair.

</doc>
<doc id="56966729" url="?curid=56966729" title="John O'Toole (producer)">
John O'Toole (producer)

John O'Toole (October 18, 1931 – March 31, 2013) was an American Emmy-nominated writer, producer, and commentator. He was the executive producer of "Modern Maturity", a weekly half-hour series about aging that aired on PBS in the 1980s. He was also the screenwriter of the 1971 film "Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name?", which co-starred Sylvia Miles and Red Buttons. In his later years, he was a painter and blogger.
Education.
Born in Brooklyn, O'Toole attended Queens College and also had a B.F.A. from the Iowa Writers' Workshop (1953) and an M.F.A. from Columbia University (1957). He served in the United States Army from 1954 to 1956.
Career.
O’Toole was the CEO of the Washington, D.C. -based production company, Eli Productions, for over 20 years. He wrote and produced documentaries, TV shows, and radio series on topics that included the arts and the aging process, many of which aired on NBC, CBS, and public television and radio. His work earned him a Writers Fellowship by The National Endowment for the Arts. In 1979, he wrote a TV miniseries adaptation of James Fenimore Cooper's "Leatherstocking Tales", which aired on PBS and earned an Outstanding Writer Emmy nod. He also did work for the White House Council on Aging. Eli Productions was based in Washington from 1969 until O’Toole retired in 1992. Earlier, it was based in New York.
Film work.
O’Toole was executive producer of the PBS television series "Modern Maturity" in the 1980s. The show, which was underwritten by AARP, featured Diane Rehm and was seen by an estimated 6 million viewers a week on 250-plus PBS stations. O'Toole said he found "a lot of things pitched to older people demeaning" so he created the show, which also featured Edwin Newman and Marlene Sanders.
“Aging is a lifetime process,” O’Toole said in 1988 about "Modern Maturity", which was aimed at adults over 50. “You're always involved in it. As you get into it more personally, you're somebody's mother, then somebody's grandmother, and so on. We had to project an image on camera of mature adults doing things. You don't see people over 40 on commercial television – on shows that have some vitality anyway. So we set out to do that."
Before founding Eli, O’Toole wrote the film "Who Killed Mary Whats'ername" (1971) ("Death of a Hooker"). In addition to Red Buttons and Sylvia Miles, the film also features Conrad Bain ("Diff'rent Strokes"), Alice Playten, Sam Waterston and David Doyle "(Charlie’s Angels)". Ernest Pintoff was the director, and Gary McFarland wrote the soundtrack music.
In 1992, O’Toole took up painting. His paintings were exhibited at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, the Torpedo Factory Art Center in Alexandria and the Rehoboth Art League in Delaware. He began blogging at the age of 80 and wrote for the Huffington Post as well as his own blog, "Eli's Observations", until his death in 2013. O'Toole married Ellie Barbo O'Toole in 1963. They have two daughters: Caitlin O'Toole, also a writer, and Sarah O'Toole Perry; and two grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="56966734" url="?curid=56966734" title="Rimma Aldonina">
Rimma Aldonina

Rimma Petrovna Aldonina () (b. March 7, 1928, Moscow) is a Russian architect and children's poet.
Biography.
Aldonina was born in Moscow to a working family. Her father was Pyotr Fadeyevich Aldonin (1894-1944), who worked as an accountant before World War II. In 1941, he became the Reserve Officer and was mobilized into the working army, dying in December 1944 in Odessa. Her mother was Mariya Ivanovna Aldonina (1902-1994), a nurse.
Career.
Aldonina is an Honorable architect of the Russian Federation, a Member of the Soviet Architects Organization and a Member of the Soviet Writers Organization. She is a participant, soloist, and member of the Collective of Satire Writers ensemble Moscow architects "Kohinor and Reishinka," head of "Reishinski." For her activeness in this she received a medal and the Irina Arhipovoi Foundation prize.
She is one of the writers for the Central Theater of Dolls "Govorit i Pokazivaet GCTK" and "Novosele".

</doc>
<doc id="56966735" url="?curid=56966735" title="Kristin Capp">
Kristin Capp

Kristin Capp (born 1964) is an American photographer, author and educator. Capp's work has been exhibited both nationally and internationally. Her work is included in collections at the Whitney Museum in New York, the Lyman Allyn Art Museum in Connecticut, the International Center of Photography in New York and the Harvard Art Museum. She was one of sixty international artists selected for the Göteborg International Biennial for Contemporary Art in 2017. Her work has appeared in the Bursa International Photofest in Turkey, as well as in Switzerland, France, Belgium, Germany and the United States.
She has published three books of photography: "Hutterite: A World of Grace" (1998), "Americana" (2000) and "Brasil" (2016).
Education.
Kristin Capp was born in Portland, Oregon in 1964, and grew up in Seattle, Washington.
Capp studied French and Russian at McGill University, Quebec, Canada where she also enrolled in a photography class. 
She then lived in New York City, studying analog photography and fine art printing.
In 2010, Capp received a Fulbright Fellowship to work on a project title "Picturing Communities: A Photographic Documentary of Non-Profits in Rural Namibia: The Application of Digital Photography in Art, Advertising and Personal Documentary."
Work.
In 1994, Capp photographed a Hutterite community in eastern Washington state. Hutterites, like the Amish and Mennonites, are descended from sixteenth century Anabaptists, and retain many traditional agrarian ways. The book that resulted from this work, "Hutterite: A World of Grace," explored this community's blend of old and new and was distinguished, as one reviewer put it, by its “tender and mysterious” square black-and-white photographs of young Hutterite women that evoke “the existence of an interior complexity within their beautifully plain exteriors.”
Over a period of eight years, Capp traveled frequently to Brasil, where she shot 800 rolls of film on a Rolleiflex. In the result of this work, "Brasil" (2016), Capp eschewed the usual imagery of carnival and exoticized sexuality for black-and-white photographs of "street culture, landscape, architecture and the visual magic she encountered in Rio de Janeiro." To complete the project, Capp crowd-funded to cover costs of layout, design and shipping. The project foregrounds Capp's aesthetic concerns with marginalized communities and the book was published by the Italian fine-art publisher Damiani.
In 2012, while on a Fulbright, Capp created a collection of photographs titled "The Horse Latitudes." The exhibit, as a journalist put it, was "Inspired by nature, light and the complexity of the cultural, social and natural landscape" of different regions of Namibia.
Capp leads the New Media Design Course at the KCAC campus of the College of the Arts (COTA) in Windhoek, Namibia.
Permanent collections.
Capp's work is in the permanent collections of the following museums:

</doc>
<doc id="56966745" url="?curid=56966745" title="1986 Mercedes Cup">
1986 Mercedes Cup

The 1986 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1986 Grand Prix circuit. It was the ninth edition of the tournament and was held from 8 September until 14 September 1986. Third-seeded Martín Jaite won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Martín Jaite defeated Jonas Svensson, 7–5, 6–2
Doubles.
 Hans Gildemeister / Andrés Gómez defeated Mansour Bahrami / Diego Pérez, 6–4, 6–3

</doc>
<doc id="56966750" url="?curid=56966750" title="Wanjiru Kamau-Rutenberg">
Wanjiru Kamau-Rutenberg

Wanjiru Kamau-Rutenberg is the Director of African Women in Agricultural Research and Development (AWARD). Wanjiru is also the Founder and past Executive Director of Akili Dada, a leadership incubator for African girls and young women.
Education.
Kamau-Rutenberg earned a Ph.D in Political Science from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, where she concentrated on International Relations, Gender Studies &amp; African History. Her 2008 dissertation on the "Impact of Ethnic Politics on Women’s Rights legislation during Kenya’s Democratic Transition" theorised about the intersection of gender, (re)production of ethnic identities and democratisation processes in emerging economies. Her essay using a gender lens to explore forced circumcision of men during Kenya's 2007-08 Post Election ethnic violence was one of the first of its kind to use African men's experiences of political violence as a point of departure to theorise the intersection of gender and politics and was published in the Oxford University Transitional Justice Research Working Paper Series.
She was also awarded a Doctorate of Humane Letters (Honoris Causa) by Whitman College, Washington. This Honorary Doctorate recognised her scholarly work and activism towards gender equality especially in Africa. She delivered the commencement speech to the graduating class of 2017 as part of the award ceremony.
Kamau-Rutenberg also holds a Master of Arts degree in Political Science from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis awarded in 2005, and a Bachelor of Arts in Politics from Whitman College, Walla Walla, Washington awarded in 2001.
Career.
In 2005, Kamau-Rutenberg established Akili Dada, a leadership incubator for girls and young women based in Nairobi, Kenya to address the underrepresentation of women in leadership positions in Africa.
Kamau-Rutenberg also served as an Assistant Professor at University of San Francisco, San Francisco, California, from August 2008 to March 2014. During her career in academia she focused on the politics of International Aid and Development, Politics of Global Philanthropy, African Politics, International Relations, Politics of Race and Ethnic Identity.
Kamau-Rutenberg also served as a Lecturer in International Relations at Hekima University College, a Constituent College of the Catholic University of Eastern Africa, Nairobi, Kenya, from August 2013 to January 2014.
In March 2014 she was appointed the director of African Women in Agricultural Research and Development (AWARD)] which is hosted by the World Agroforestry Centre (ICRAF) headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya. AWARD invests in agricultural scientists, research institutions, and agribusinesses, strengthening their ability to deliver gender-responsive agricultural innovation for inclusive, agriculture-driven prosperity across Africa. In 2017 AWARD announced the One Planet Fellowships, a $20M, 5 year initiative to invest in the careers of 600 scientists working towards research to help African smallholder farmers adapt towards a changing climate.
Board Roles.
Wanjiru has, and continues to serve in numerous Boards. In 2018 she was appointed to the Selection Committee of the Africa Food Prize, the Board of the Wangari Maathai Foundation, and the President's Advisory Board of Whitman College.
She also sits on the Councils of the African Climate Foundation and The Center for Development Research at the University of Bonn. She is a member of the Malabo Montpellier Panel, a high-level panel of independent experts that supports African governments and civil society identify and implement policies that enhance agriculture, food and nutrition security across the continent. She also serves on the Board of Twaweza. East Africa’s largest public and policy engagement platform.

</doc>
<doc id="56966762" url="?curid=56966762" title="Melanie Greene">
Melanie Greene

Melanie Greene is an American writer, dancer, and choreographer. She is best known for being part of a dance ensemble, "the skeleton architecture", which won a Bessies Award in 2017.
Biography.
Greene is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in journalism and mass communication. She went on to receive her Master of Fine arts in dance and choreography at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. Greene began writing in high school and continues to write performance reviews for "The Dance Enthusiast", articles for "Dance Magazine", long-form artist profiles of dancers and choreographers for "Dancer's Turn", and her personal blog "On the Scene with Lanie Reene""."
Dance.
Greene has been described as a "movement-based artist."
Methods of Perception.
Greene created a collection of dance works called "Methods of Perception: Dance to Engage the Senses" which seeks to heighten the dance performance experience by engaging all of the senses"." Greene states that her work "smells like delicious pomegranates and body sweat wrapped in fuzzy naked flesh and lacy garter belts". Her work has been presented at New York Live Arts, Dixon Place, Movement Research at Judson Church, Brooklyn Arts Exchange Upstart Festival, and the Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance.
Awards and Grants.
Greene was a 2016 New York Live Arts Fresh Tracks artist, a 2015 Gibney boo-koo Space Grant recipient, and a 2016 Actors Fund Summer Push Grant artist.
As part of the ensemble of "the skeleton architecture", Greene won the Outstanding Performer award at the Bessies 2017 alongside Nia Love, Maria Bauman, Paloma McGregor, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="56966763" url="?curid=56966763" title="Keerthiraj">
Keerthiraj

Keerthiraj is an Indian film actor in the Kannada film industry. Some of the notable films of Keerthiraj as an actor include "Gajanura Gandu" (1996), "Bhanda Nanna Ganda" (1992), and "S. P. Bhargavi" (1991).
Career.
Keerthiraj has been part of more than 55 Kannada feature films.
Selected filmography.
Keerthiraj has appeared in the following Kannada films.

</doc>
<doc id="56966766" url="?curid=56966766" title="Parliament house centenary flag (Australia)">
Parliament house centenary flag (Australia)


</doc>
<doc id="56966767" url="?curid=56966767" title="John Howarth (British politician)">
John Howarth (British politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56966769" url="?curid=56966769" title="John Howarth (English cricketer)">
John Howarth (English cricketer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966771" url="?curid=56966771" title="Mauri Eggert">
Mauri Eggert

Mauri Mikael Eggert (born April 3, 1933) is a Finnish diplomat and Master of political science. 
Eggert was born in Turku. He was Ambassador of Finland to Hanoi from 1977 to 1980, Head of Department for Development Cooperation, 1981–1984, Ambassador to Egypt from 1984 to 1987, Inspector of the Judiciary 1987-1990and Under-Secretary of State for Development from 1990 to 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="56966784" url="?curid=56966784" title="Queen Productions Ltd.">
Queen Productions Ltd.


</doc>
<doc id="56966790" url="?curid=56966790" title="Queen Productions">
Queen Productions


</doc>
<doc id="56966794" url="?curid=56966794" title="Queen Productions Ltd">
Queen Productions Ltd


</doc>
<doc id="56966795" url="?curid=56966795" title="Queen Productions Limited">
Queen Productions Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56966796" url="?curid=56966796" title="Platzer MA 12 P/Nissan">
Platzer MA 12 P/Nissan

The Platzer MA 12 P/Nissan is a German aircraft engine, produced by Michael Platzer of Guxhagen for use in ultralight aircraft.
Design and development.
The engine is a four-cylinder four-stroke, in-line, displacement, liquid-cooled, automotive conversion gasoline engine design, with a poly V belt reduction drive with a reduction ratio of 2.6:1. It employs a magneto ignition system and produces at 5600 rpm, with a compression ratio of 10.3:1.

</doc>
<doc id="56966807" url="?curid=56966807" title="Zhou brothers">
Zhou brothers


</doc>
<doc id="56966812" url="?curid=56966812" title="Deposit return scheme">
Deposit return scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56966814" url="?curid=56966814" title="Platzer MA 12 P">
Platzer MA 12 P


</doc>
<doc id="56966818" url="?curid=56966818" title="Platzer MA12P">
Platzer MA12P


</doc>
<doc id="56966826" url="?curid=56966826" title="David Zinn">
David Zinn

David Zinn is a costume and scenic designer based in New York, New York. He has been nominated seven times for the Tony Award for both his costume designs and scenic designs, winning one Best Scenic Design for a Play award for "The Humans" and one Best Scenic Design in a Musical award for "Spongebob Squarepants" . He has over 80 Off-Broadway credits in his lifetime.
Early life.
Zinn was born on Bainbridge Island, near Seattle, Washington. He wanted to be an actor and then moved backstage to start designing in middle school. After using his high school career at Bainbridge High School to work in and around Seattle and Bainbridge Island, Zinn decided to move to New York City. Zinn attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts for his MFA in Design for Stage and Film where he said he was most influenced by musicals and by avante-garde theatre like the Wooster Group.
Career.
Soon after leaving NYU, Zinn went to work as a costume designer for regional theater. After a big break at Santa Fe Opera, which featured his scenic and costume designs, he became known for both aspects of his work. He then went on to work in several Off-Broadway theater for years. He also worked closely with Target Margin Theater Company, headed by David Herskovits and graduate school friend Lenore Doxsee.
In 2010 Zinn worked on Broadway with his costume designs for "Xanadu". He then went on to design costumes on Broadway for "A Tale of Two Cities", "In the Next Room (or The Vibrator Play)", "Good People", "Bengal Tiger at the Baghdad Zoo", "Other Desert Cities", "The Other Place", "Picnic", "Rocky", "Airline Highway", and "An Act of God" as well as scenic designs for "The Realistic Joneses", "Violet", "The Real Thing", "The Humans", and "Present Laughter", and scenic and costume designs for "Seminar", "The Last Ship", "Fun Home", "Amélie", and "SpongeBob SquarePants: The Musical".
Awards and nominations.
Theater.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="56966832" url="?curid=56966832" title="The Dolphin's Cry (film)">
The Dolphin's Cry (film)

The Dolphin's Cry () is a 1987 Soviet science fiction film directed by Alexey Saltykov, based on the book by Nikolai Cherkashin "The Mystery of Archelon" "("The Dolphin's Cry").
Plot.
The crew of the new American strategic missile submarine "Archelon" is struck by an unknown virus. The command must decide on removing the submarine from combat duty and sending the crew to quarantine. The cause of the disease is discovered to be leakage of one of the warheads. There are no treatments and the crew is confined to the ship until an antidote is found.
Symptoms of the disease are similar to leprosy, and like leprosy, the disease lasts for a long time. "Archelon" as a result is under quarantine for about three years. The ship's psychologist observes the sailors are affected by barely restrained unmotivated aggression, and with every passing day it becomes more difficult for the captain to preserve at least the appearance of order. Eventually, the captain can no longer withstand the prolonged torture of this strange disease; after unsuccessful attempts to board the ships enforcing quarantine of "Archelon", he fakes the destruction of his submarine and gives the order to sink the passing vessels. In the end, he decides to destroy the whole mankind and release rockets equipped with the virus. At the last moment, the captain changes his mind and sends the boat into a vertical dive to the bottom of the ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="56966835" url="?curid=56966835" title="Mildred Burleigh">
Mildred Burleigh

Mildred Burleigh (born 1887) was a professional artist and a cartoonist for the Chicago Tribune during the 1920s. She studied drawing at Michigan Normal College and worked as a drawing instructor in Oregon during the 1910s before beginning her career.
Career.
Burleigh was working as a professional cartoonist by 1921, when her cartoon, "Pigtails", appeared in the "Chicago Tribune." This comic strip ran until 1923. According to comic historian Allan Holtz, "Pigtails" focused on daily experiences of young girls, including family life, chores, and childhood aspirations. Her focus on girlhood distinguished her from her colleagues, such as Clare Briggs and John T. McCutcheon, who developed their comics from a masculine point-of-view. After "Pigtails" ended in 1923, she created the series "Kitty and Her Family". "Kitty" was mentioned by name in advertisements for the "Chicago Tribune"'s Sunday subscriptions, ending with the tagline "Fun for everyone--man, woman, or child."
Little is known about Burleigh's career after 1924, but she appears in the 1930 and 1940 censuses in New York City, working as a "freelance artist" and later as a "freelance advertising cartoonist." During this period, she likely created an undated lithograph, "Clown," which resides in the Martin W. Brown Collection at the University of Maryland Art Gallery. This collection, acquired by the gallery in 1955, includes prints by a number of twentieth-century American Regionalist artists, such as John Steuart Curry. Like Curry, Burleigh's work speaks to small-town American life before, during, and after the Great Depression.

</doc>
<doc id="56966863" url="?curid=56966863" title="Remington ACR rifle">
Remington ACR rifle


</doc>
<doc id="56966865" url="?curid=56966865" title="Nostalgia (MØ song)">
Nostalgia (MØ song)


</doc>
<doc id="56966867" url="?curid=56966867" title="Utah Medical Cannabis Act">
Utah Medical Cannabis Act


</doc>
<doc id="56966874" url="?curid=56966874" title="Tide Pod eating">
Tide Pod eating


</doc>
<doc id="56966876" url="?curid=56966876" title="Hannele Voionmaa">
Hannele Voionmaa

Greta Hannele Voionmaa ("née" Kaaja, 28 December 1953 – 1 January 2016) was a Finnish diplomat. She was the Ambassador of Finland to Algeria from 2008 to 2011 when the Finnish mission was reinstated to the embassy headed by an ambassador. After returning from Algeria in the autumn of 2015, she started as a Foreign Policy Adviser to the Speaker of Parliament. She died on January 1, 2016
Voionmaa joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1981.
Voionmaa became to Ambassador of Finland to Algeria at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the Americas and Asia, which has since 2008 launched the Dialogues of the Civilization Ministry. Voionmaa served in the Press and Culture Department and the Protocol Department until 2001 when she moved to work at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Political Department in the Security Policy and Crisis Management Unit. At the Finnish Embassy in Paris, he has been on two occasions; first, she was a cultural civil servant, with the task of preparing the establishment of the Finnish Institute of Paris and reiterating as a foreign and security policy adviser both during Finnish and French EU Presidencies.

</doc>
<doc id="56966877" url="?curid=56966877" title="Eating of Tide Pods">
Eating of Tide Pods


</doc>
<doc id="56966882" url="?curid=56966882" title="William J. Ihlenfeld II">
William J. Ihlenfeld II

William J. Ihlenfeld II (born May 5, 1972) is an American attorney and politician from West Virginia who has served in the West Virginia Senate for the 1st district since 2018. He is a Democrat. He previously served as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of West Virginia under Barack Obama and has been renominated to the same position by President Joe Biden.
Education.
Inlenfeld received his Bachelor of Science from the Ohio University and his Juris Doctor from West Virginia University College of Law.
Career.
Ihlenfeld served as an assistant prosecuting attorney for the Brooke County Office of the Prosecuting Attorney from 2007 to 2010 and as an assistant prosecuting attorney and the chief Assistant prosecutor for the Ohio County Office of the Prosecuting Attorney from 1997 to 2007.
West Virginia Senate.
In February 2018, he filed paperwork to run as a candidate for the West Virginia Senate. Ihlenfeld won uncontested in the primary, and faced State Senator Ryan Ferns in the general election. Ihlenfeld and Ferns debated twice throughout the span of their campaigns. On November 7, Ihlenfeld defeated Ferns, 53% - 47%.
U.S. Attorney.
First term.
On May 27, 2010, he was nominated by President Barack Obama to be the United States Attorney for the Northern District of West Virginia. His nomination was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee on July 29, 2010, and he was confirmed by the United States Senate by voice vote on August 5, 2010. On December 19, 2016, he announced his resignation effective December 31.
In 2017, Ihlenfeld received the Outstanding Service in Law Enforcement Award from the FBI Citizens Academy Alumni Association.
Second term.
On August 10, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Ihlenfeld to be the United States Attorney for the Northern District of West Virginia. His nomination was sent to the United States Senate the same day. His nomination is pending before the Senate Judiciary Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="56966890" url="?curid=56966890" title="Yang Tongyan">
Yang Tongyan

Yang Tongyan (; was writing under the pen name Yang Tianshui (); April 12, 1961 — November 7, 2017), was a Chinese novelist, essayist, poet and best known as dissident for his criticism of the Chinese government.
Biography.
Yang Tongyan graduated from Beijing Normal University with B.A. in History (1982). He worked as teacher, also at civil service and as a freelance writer. His works were published in the internet. He was accused by Chinese government in actions against revolution after Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 and was imprisoned from 1990 to 2000. Then Tongyan wrote many of his works in prison. He was member of the Independent Chinese PEN Center.
He was arrested and then held in a detention centre since December 2005. In May 2006, Tongyan was sentenced to 12 years of prison for publishing of criticism on the Chinese government, and sent in prison in the City of Nanjing. He had tuberculosis, peritonitis and was treated in hospital in 2010, but his application for medical parole was denied then. 
Tongyan was released on medical parole for treatment of aggressive form of brain cancer in hospital of Shanghai in August, 2017. He underwent brain surgery there on August 23, but his colleagues were unable to connect with him there while he was receiving treatment in the hospital. He was denied to travel abroad for treatment. Yang died in the hospital in Shanghai on November 7, 2017. Chinese authorities pressured Yang's relatives to cremate body and bury ashes in sea while keeping this information about the burial in sea in secret, but a Yang's friend had known about it and leaked this to a human rights group. Amnesty International considered Yang Tongyan as a prisoner of conscience who was persecuted by Chinese government for his fight for human rights.

</doc>
<doc id="56966895" url="?curid=56966895" title="Be more ardent">
Be more ardent


</doc>
<doc id="56966896" url="?curid=56966896" title="Be ardent">
Be ardent


</doc>
<doc id="56966901" url="?curid=56966901" title="John Hamilton (Australian rules footballer)">
John Hamilton (Australian rules footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966903" url="?curid=56966903" title="John Hamilton (Australian footballer)">
John Hamilton (Australian footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966905" url="?curid=56966905" title="Spring usher">
Spring usher


</doc>
<doc id="56966908" url="?curid=56966908" title="Dexter Tortoriello">
Dexter Tortoriello

Dexter Miles Tortoriello (born August 5, 1986) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. He rose to prominence as part of the group Houses and is also known for his work as Dawn Golden and his production for pop and hip-hop artists.
Life and career.
Early life and career beginnings.
Tortoriello grew up in Chicago. One of his father’s friends owned a recording studio, so Tortoriello and his brother had access to a wide range of analog recording equipment, including eight-track recorders and effects racks, from at least the age of twelve. This led to him starting numerous musical projects, initially focusing on electronic music but later developing into doom metal, noise, and ambient styles.
Houses and "All Night" (2009-2011).
After spending several months off the grid in Hawaii at the beginning of 2010, Tortoriello and his partner Megan Messina returned to Chicago, where he began to combining samples of older projects with field recordings from the island to create his first songs as Houses. Houses’ style was a significant departure from his previous work, showcasing a blissed out, hypnagogic pop sound. Soon after Tortoriello posted the song “Endless Spring” on his Myspace page, Pitchfork featured the track on their website, and within three days Houses was signed by Lefse Records. Messina joined the group soon after. Houses released the album via Lefse on October 19, 2010, and played their first shows on October 20 at the CMJ Music Marathon in New York. At the same time, their single “Soak It Up” was featured as part of a multimedia photography retrospective at the New York Public Library Main Branch. In 2011, the band toured North America and performed at South By Southwest.
Dawn Golden (2011).
After releasing "All Night", Tortoriello began posting solo material on Bandcamp. The sound was a significant departure from Houses, described by "Time Out" as “dark, droning and ethereal." He released the Blow EP in early 2011 via Bandcamp. Soon after, Diplo reached out to Tortoriello via Myspace and signed the act to his label, Mad Decent. On April 12, 2011, he re-released Blow via Mad Decent and Downtown Records. The EP was generally well received, described by NPR Music as “aggressive and immediate” and by the Chicago Reader as “vital and exciting." Tortoriello played the Mad Decent Block Party as Dawn Golden in August 2011.
"A Quiet Darkness" and "Still Life" (2011-2014).
In 2012, Tortoriello and Messina began work on their second record, an apocalyptic concept album titled "A Quiet Darkness". The duo used field recordings from abandoned houses, schools, and cabins in Desert Center, California to build out their ambient electronic soundscapes. Tortoriello turned samples of light switch clicks, stomping feet and sweeping dust into drum kits, and augmented studio instrumentation with impulse responses from inside and outside the buildings. They finished the album at Sonic Ranch in Tornillo, Texas, before relocating to Los Angeles. Houses released videos for “The Beauty Surrounds” and “Beginnings” in February and March 2013, respectively. They released "A Quiet Darkness" on April 16, 2013 via Downtown Records, after pre-streaming the album on "The Huffington Post".
At the same time, Tortoriello was working on "Still Life", his debut full-length as Dawn Golden. On April 25, 2014 he released the single “All I Want” as Dawn Golden. A video for “All I Want” was released on Majestic Casual’s YouTube channel, directed by Tyler T. Williams. On May 13, 2014, he released "Still Life", via Mad Decent and Downtown Records. Later that year, he released a video for “Still Life” directed by Kyle DePinna and "Still Life (Remixes)" featuring contributions from Diplo and Manila Killa.
Production and Songwriting (2015-Present).
Since 2015, Tortoriello has worked as a producer and songwriter for numerous electronic, hip-hop and R&amp;B artists. As Dawn Golden, he appeared as a featured artist and co-writer on Ryan Hemsworth's “Snow In Newark” (2014), What So Not's “Arrows” (2015) and Martin Garrix’s “Sun Is Never Going Down” (2016), and has co-writing and production credits on Kali Uchis’ “Melting” (2015) and Lil Yachty's “Forever Young” (2017).
"Drugstore Heaven" (2017-Present).
On August 24, 2018, Tortoriello released the single "Fast Talk" under his Houses moniker and announced a new EP, "Drugstore Heaven", which was released on September 28, 2018. A lyric video for "Fast Talk" was released on October 22, 2018, with an official video released on January 28, 2019. The vinyl version of the EP features remixes from Com Truise, Willy Moon, Still Woozy, and Vexxed on the b-side.
Praise for "Fast Talk" and "Drugstore Heaven" has come from a range of publications including "Nylon" and "Billboard", with the latter calling the single "entrancing." In January 2019, "Fast Talk" began to chart on the Alternative Songs, Rock Airplay, and Hot Rock Songs charts in the US, the first of any Houses single to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="56966930" url="?curid=56966930" title="Muleshoe Migratory Waterfowl Refuge">
Muleshoe Migratory Waterfowl Refuge


</doc>
<doc id="56966932" url="?curid=56966932" title="John Hamilton (footballer)">
John Hamilton (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56966938" url="?curid=56966938" title="A/2018 C2">
A/2018 C2


</doc>
<doc id="56966947" url="?curid=56966947" title="2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal">
2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal

The 2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal, also known as the Sandpapergate scandal, was a cricket scandal surrounding the Australian national cricket team. In March 2018, during the third Test match against South Africa at Newlands in Cape Town, Cameron Bancroft was caught by television cameras trying to rough up one side of the ball with sandpaper to make it swing in flight. Captain Steve Smith and vice-captain David Warner were found to be involved and all three received unprecedented sanctions from Cricket Australia. Although he was found not to have been directly involved, Australia's coach, Darren Lehmann, announced he would step down from his role following the scandal. Smith was replaced by Tim Paine as Test captain, and Aaron Finch as T20I and ODI captain.
Cricket Australia (CA) on 14 May 2021 said they are reopening the Sandpaper Gate investigation after Cameron Bancroft hinted that some bowlers also knew about it.
Background.
In March 2018, the Australia national cricket team toured South Africa to play four Test matches against the South Africa national cricket team. On 24 March 2018, during the third day of the 3rd Test, after the 43rd over of South Africa's second innings, Australia's Cameron Bancroft was shown on the television coverage and on screens at the ground appearing to rub the ball with a small yellow object. After Bancroft realised that he had been seen, he was again shown on the television coverage and on screens at the ground hiding the object in the front of his trousers. He was then approached by the umpires, and he showed them a dark microfibre sunglass pouch from his pocket. The umpires inspected the ball, and chose neither to offer the ball to the South African team to replace it if they wished, nor award them five penalty runs, the options available to the umpires under Law 41.3 of the Laws of Cricket. This indicated that the ball had not been altered in any noticeable way.
At the press conference at the end of the day's play, Bancroft, accompanied by Australia's captain, Steve Smith, admitted that he was shown attempting to alter the condition of the ball using a short length of yellow adhesive tape to which dirt and grit had adhered, forming an abrasive surface. Five days later, and after an investigation into the incident by Cricket Australia, he admitted it was sandpaper, which cricketers use to maintain their bats. Smith also admitted that he knew of the plan in advance of Bancroft's actions. Smith said that the plan was made during the lunch break by the "leadership group", which he did not name. Smith said it was a "big mistake", and when questioned by the media, said that he would not be standing down as captain of the team.
Andy Pycroft, the match referee, charged Bancroft with a Level 2 offence of attempting to alter the condition of the ball. David Richardson, CEO of the International Cricket Council (ICC), charged Smith with "conduct of a serious nature that is contrary to the spirit of the game". Smith accepted the charge and the proposed sanction of two suspension points, which equated to a ban for the next Test match, four demerit points being added to his record, and was fined 100% of his match fee. Bancroft accepted the charge against him, was handed three demerit points and fined 75% of his match fee.
Response.
Following Smith's admission, Australia's Prime Minister at that time, Malcolm Turnbull, said it was a "shocking disappointment". He phoned Cricket Australia (CA) Board chairman David Peever directly to express that disappointment and concern, saying that there has to be the strongest action taken. The Australian Sports Commission requested that Smith stand down immediately, and the incident was widely condemned by former international players and officials.
In a press release dated 25 March 2018, CA CEO James Sutherland apologised to fans and confirmed that both Smith and Warner had agreed to stand down from their roles of captain and vice-captain respectively for the remainder of the match. In the same release, David Peever announced that Tim Paine, the team's wicket-keeper, had been endorsed by the Board of CA to step in as acting captain, and Smith and Warner would take to the field under him. South Africa went on to win the Test match by 322 runs.
Cricket Australia investigation.
Cricket Australia launched its own investigation into the incident, led by Executive General Manager Team Performance, Pat Howard, with CA Senior Legal Counsel and Head of Integrity Iain Roy. CA CEO James Sutherland joined the investigators in South Africa. On 27 March 2018, before the findings of that investigation were handed down, opening batsman Matt Renshaw was recalled to the squad from Australia ahead of the fourth Test.
On 27 March 2018, Sutherland announced that as a result of the preliminary investigation Smith, Warner and Bancroft had been charged with bringing the game into disrepute, suspended and would be sent home. He said that further sanctions against the three players would be announced within 24 hours, and that CA was satisfied that no one else was involved. He added that as well as Renshaw, opening batsman Joe Burns and all-rounder Glenn Maxwell were added to the squad to replace them, and confirmed that Paine had been appointed captain for the fourth Test. There was no announcement about the vacant vice-captain position.
Findings.
During a meeting on 28 March 2018 lasting over two hours, the Cricket Australia Board considered the report. The three players were sanctioned by Cricket Australia for breaching article 2.3.5 of Cricket Australia's Code of Conduct by engaging in conduct that was contrary to the spirit of the game, unbecoming of a representative, harmful to the interests of the game, and/or which brings the game into disrepute.
Warner was found to be responsible for the development of the plan to alter the condition of the ball and instructing Bancroft on how to do it, including demonstrating the technique to him. He was also found to have failed to prevent the plan being implemented, misled match officials by concealing his knowledge of the plan and not voluntarily reporting his involvement. He received a twelve-month suspension from "all international and domestic cricket" and he "will not be considered for team leadership positions in the future." Warner drew flak from a lot of people, many of them his own countrymen, who believed him to be the reason behind the whole scandal. In the Amazon documentary series about the scandal, "The Test", Warner opened up on his struggles and road to getting the respect he lost back in the 12 month ban period he served.
Smith was found to have known of the plan but failed to take steps to prevent it, told Bancroft to conceal the sandpaper in his trousers, misled match officials and others regarding Bancroft's attempts to artificially alter the condition of the ball, and made misleading public comments regarding the nature, extent and participants of the plan. He received a twelve-month suspension "from all international and domestic cricket" and he "will not be considered for team leadership positions until a minimum of 12 months after the conclusion of [his suspension] from international and domestic cricket. Any consideration of future leadership would be conditional on acceptance by fans and the public, form and authority among the playing group."
Bancroft was found to be a party to the plan to tamper with the ball, that he carried out Warner's instructions, tried to conceal the evidence and made statements to mislead match officials and the public. He received a nine-month suspension from "all international and domestic cricket" and he "will not be considered for team leadership positions until a minimum of 12 months after the conclusion of [his suspension] from international and domestic cricket. Any consideration of future leadership would be conditional on acceptance by fans and the public, form and authority among the playing group."
As well, "[a]ll three players will be permitted to play club cricket and will be encouraged to do so to maintain links with the cricket community. In addition, all three players will be required to undertake 100 hours of voluntary service in community cricket."
Ahead of the decision, Smith and Warner had stepped down as captains of the Rajasthan Royals and Sunrisers Hyderabad respectively in the 2018 Indian Premier League (IPL). On 28 March 2018, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced that neither Smith nor Warner would be able to play in the 2018 IPL.
Bancroft was contracted to play for English side Somerset in the 2018 County Championship season. On 29 March 2018, Somerset announced that "Bancroft will not be our overseas player for the 2018 season" and that "the club's best interests were at the centre of our decision". Western Australian Cricket Association CEO Christina Matthews confirmed that under their current rules Bancroft cannot play grade cricket because of his suspension. However, she added, a rule change is under consideration.
Sutherland specifically addressed repeatedly broadcast footage of coach Darren Lehmann. It showed him on a walkie-talkie to 12th man Peter Handscomb at the side of the field after the vision of Bancroft was broadcast. Hanscomb then ran onto the field to speak with Bancroft. Sutherland said that the CA investigators were satisfied that Lehmann "sent a message to say 'What in the hell is going on?'– he didn't use 'hell', he used another word", referring to an expletive and that he was not aware of the plan.
Responses from players and coach.
Warner was the first to respond publicly. In a tweet dated 29 March 2018, he apologised for his part in the incident, and took responsibility for his role in it. He said that he would spend some time with his family, friends and trusted advisers, and would make another statement in the coming days. He later arrived at Sydney Airport with his wife and two young daughters, and when confronted by media, repeated that he would make a statement in the coming days, and that his priority was to get his family home.
Bancroft arrived in Perth on 29 March 2018, and gave a press conference at the WACA. An emotional Bancroft expressed disappointment, regret and remorse, admitting that he had failed as a role model and in the eyes of the broader community, and that when confronted on the field by the umpires and media about his actions he panicked. He asked for forgiveness and said that he would be contributing back to the community.
Smith arrived in Sydney later that day. In a press conference at Sydney Airport, a tearful Smith started by saying that he had nothing to add to Cricket Australia's report. He said that as captain of the Australian cricket team, he took full responsibility, and that he had made a serious error in judgement: "It was a failure of leadership, my leadership." As well as apologising to his "teammates, to fans of cricket all over the world and to all Australians who are disappointed and angry", he specifically referred to the effect that the incident had on his parents, causing him to break down, and implored others faced with questionable decisions to consider their parents. He added, "I know I will regret this for the rest of my life. I'm absolutely gutted. I hope in time I can earn back respect and forgiveness."
Australia's coach Darren Lehmann was cleared by the investigation of any wrongdoing or involvement in the scandal, and said that he would not resign. Of the findings and sanctions, he said that he was "embarrassed" and "disappointed", adding that he hopes people will give all three players a second chance. However, on the same day that the three players returned home, Lehmann announced that he would step down from his role after the conclusion of the fourth Test in Johannesburg. He said in his statement that after watching the press conferences of Bancroft and Smith, "the feeling is that Australian cricket needs to move forward and this is the right thing to do."
On 31 March 2018, an emotional Warner gave a press conference in Sydney. In it, he described his actions as inexcusable and deeply regrettable. He apologised for the breach of trust and his actions, accepting full responsibility for the part he played in the incident, and said that the next twelve months would be a tough and emotional time for him. His priority at this time would be the wellbeing of his family. While he hoped to play for Australia again, he was resigned for it not to happen. He said he would spend the coming weeks and months looking at himself "as a man", and would seek advice and expertise to make "serious changes". He supported a CA investigation into the culture of the Australian cricket side. When asked, he said that he would sit down with family, friends and advisers before deciding on his playing future. Some noted that he deflected multiple questions about whether he was the ringleader of the plan or others' involvement in it.
Disputing the charges and sanctions.
In the press release announcing the findings and sanctions, Cricket Australia summarised the review process.
"The Code of Conduct process in this instance is as follows: 
It was reported on 31 March 2018 that Bancroft had sought legal advice and is considering his options. It was further reported on 1 April 2018 that all three had sought legal advice and are considering their actions, and importantly that while they all acknowledge erring in Cape Town, they had not formally accepted or challenged their charges or their sanctions issued by CA.
It was also reported that Smith and Warner were expected to push for a relaxation of the sanctions, particularly to allow them to play domestic cricket in Australia and overseas. James Sutherland of CA had previously said that the legal advice they had received was that they did not have jurisdiction requiring other national cricketing bodies to enforce the sanctions. "Under the code we didn't have any clear authority over domestic matches played overseas," he said. "It was talked about but we ascertained based on the legal advice that we didn't have that clear authority.
On 4 April 2018, Steve Smith confirmed that he would not challenge the sanctions. In a tweet, he said "I would give anything to have this behind me and be back representing my country. But I meant what I said about taking full responsibility as Captain of the team. I won't be challenging the sanctions. They've been imposed by CA to send a strong message and I have accepted them."
Also on 4 April 2018, Cameron Bancroft announced that he had advised CA that he accepted the sanction. He tweeted "Today I lodged the paperwork with Cricket Australia and will be accepting the sanction handed down. I would love to put this behind me and will do whatever it takes to earn back the trust of the Australian public. Thank you to all those who have sent messages of support"
On 5 April 2018, David Warner announced that he has accepted the CA sanctions. In a tweet, he said "I have today let Cricket Australia know that I fully accept the sanctions imposed on me. I am truly sorry for my actions and will now do everything I can to be a better person, teammate and role model."
Cricket Australia, in a press release dated 5 April 2018, confirmed that "Smith, Bancroft and Warner have officially advised Cricket Australia they have accepted the charges and sanctions, and no hearings will be required." CA CEO James Sutherland added that "These are significant penalties for professional cricketers. They were not imposed lightly. We know the players will return to playing the game they love, and in doing so, we hope they rebuild their careers and regain the trust of fans".
Cultural review.
When announcing the initial findings against Bancroft, Smith and Warner on 27 March 2018, James Sutherland announced that there would also be a deeper review of the "culture and conduct" of Australia's professional cricket teams. The terms of reference of that inquiry is to find a means by which supporters of Australian cricket and the wider community can effectively refresh their commitment to the sport. Further details of the review will be forthcoming, but it will seek input from 'relevant experts', especially to determine how the culture of the Australian men's test side arrived at the point at which it has found itself. Former Australian captain, selector and CA Board member Allan Border welcomed the review, saying that "The Australian cricket team itself is not a popular cricket team, and a lot of their antics on the field have upset a lot of people."
On 6 April 2018, Cricket Australia chairman David Peever announced that former Test batsman Rick McCosker will chair an independent review into cultural, organisational and governance issues, and a player-driven process to set out a charter setting out standards for improved player behaviour and expectations of the Australian men's national side. He is expected to be joined by two former players and two current players on a panel, with that quartet yet to be named. That process will form part of the wide-ranging review, which will provide recommendations to the Cricket Australia board. Peter Collins, Director of the Centre for Ethical Leadership and a consultant on ethics, leadership and organisational change will act as a "facilitator" for the process. Peever added that the review will take "whatever time is necessary".
The chief executive of the ICC, Dave Richardson, addressed a news conference on 27 April 2018 about harsher punishments for ball-tampering and other misbehaviour.
Responses to the investigation and sanctions.
Before the start of play of the fourth Test between Australia and South Africa on 30 March 2018, newly appointed Australian captain Tim Paine, with the support of his players, approached South African captain Faf du Plessis. After the national anthems were played, both teams shook hands on the field as a gesture of goodwill and respect. Paine hopes that this will become a ritual that symbolises the new direction and attitude his team is taking after the fallout from Cape Town.
While no one contended that the charges and findings against Bancroft, Smith and Warner were not justified, many argued that the sanctions were unprecedented, and that there were flaws in the Cricket Australia (CA) description of the incident. Some did not separate the event—an attempt at ball tampering—from the wider charge brought against the trio of bringing the game into disrepute.
On 29 March 2018, the Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA), which represents the professional first-class cricketers of Australia, released a statement setting out "a number of glaring and clear anomalies in the process to date which causes the ACA to query the severity and proportionality of the proposed sanctions." It went on to say that "The ACA continues to provide welfare and legal support to all players" and that "All Australians would understand the right of the players to receive advice from their advisers, peers and family and the time necessary to ensure the sanctions are fair and proportional." Some see this as the ACA foreshadowing a challenge to CA over the process and sanctions.
Du Plessis, who was found guilty of ball tampering in 2013 and again in 2016, sent Smith a text message expressing his sympathy. He said that "he's one of the good guys and he's just been caught in a bad place". He agreed when asked if he thought that the sanctions were too harsh. He noted that the sanctions imposed by CA were far greater than those imposed by the ICC for the same incident, and may send a message to the ICC that "maybe they need to sharpen up."
Shane Warne, former Australian Test bowler who served a one-year ban for breaching the CA drug code in 2003, condemned the trio for engaging in "premeditated cheating", but believed that the public reaction to the incident resulted in excessive penalties being handed down by CA. English cricket commentator Mark Nicholas wrote "Clearly the captaincy had to go, and equally clearly the vice-captaincy. The punishment that has followed has been extremely severe, and I cannot help but think of Smith and Bancroft."
Former Indian captain Sachin Tendulkar argued that the right decision had been made to uphold the integrity of the game, adding "Winning is important but the way you win is more important." However he defended them, saying that the Australian cricketers have dealt with enough criticism. He also urged media and cricket fans to spare thoughts for their families and that they should be given some breathing space.
Former South African captain Herschelle Gibbs said, "Hard scenes watching the interviews. Having been through it all, take it on the chin and live with the consequences but remain true to yourself."
Former Australian captain and commentator Ian Chappell said that CA were right to ban Smith and Warner for twelve months, adding that he did not expect Smith would captain Australia again because he had lost the respect of the players. On the duration of the ban, he said "if they would have only given six months to them and they tried to play in Australia's next summer, the booing and crowd reaction would have been so bad. It would have been very hard for the players and it would not have been a very good situation for Cricket Australia."
Former England captain Michael Vaughan thought the bans too harsh, but noted that CA had sent a message to players. Former Australian batsman Tom Moody believed that the punishment did not fit the crime. Indian commentator Harsha Bhogle said that "I honestly do not believe any other country would have handed its captain and lead player a one-year ban for attempted ball-tampering." Meanwhile, former Indian batsman and commentator Sanjay Manjrekar was not surprised by the sanctions. Other cricketers came out in support of the banned players, saying that punishment was too harsh, including Harbhajan Singh, Russel Arnold, Michael Di Venuto and Adam Hollioake.
Gautam Gambhir, the former captain of the IPL side Delhi Daredevils commented that the sanctions imposed on Smith and Warner are quite harsh, and suspected that both may have paid for their roles in a 10-month pay dispute with CA that was resolved in August 2017. In a tweet he asked the Australian media and the public to spare thoughts for the families of the disgraced cricketers rather than mocking them. Gambhir also said that "I may be quite emotional but Smith doesn't look to me a cheat."
Some criticised CA for its handling of the incident. Former Australian captain Michael Clarke believed that there was more to the incident than CA CEO James Sutherland had said, tweeting "The truth, The full story, Accountability and Leadership- until the public get this Australian cricket is in deep shit!" and that "To [sic] many reputations on the line for the full story not to come out. Cape Town change room is a very small place!" Michael Vaughan was similarly unconvinced, suggesting that Cricket Australia has only made things worse for itself by finding that only three players were involved. Former England wicket-keeper Matt Prior said the official explanation didn't match up with his experiences of how teams work. Former England all-rounder Andrew Flintoff was skeptical that other Australian players, particularly the bowlers, were not involved. Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen was unconvinced that coach Darren Lehmann did not know of the plan, while BBC broadcaster Jonathan Agnew believed that there were contradictions in the official narrative.
Commercial fallout.
From the outset, many of Cricket Australia's commercial sponsors and partners, including 2018 South African tour naming rights sponsor Qantas, Twenty20 naming rights sponsor Sanitarium, One Day International and Big Bash League naming rights sponsor KFC, domestic Test match naming rights sponsor Magellan Financial Group, Lion XXXX, the Commonwealth Bank, and Bupa expressed their disappointment and shock over the incident. Many demanded a comprehensive explanation from CA, and demanded that they take steps to protect the long term reputation of the sport they had invested in.
On 29 March 2018, Magellan Financial Group terminated its three-year naming rights sponsorship agreement with CA in response to the ball-tampering scandal. The contract had two more seasons to run, and was estimated to be worth AU$20 million.
The incident came as CA was negotiating television broadcast rights to all forms of the game for the next six seasons, estimated at one point to be valued at greater than AU$900 million. Bidding has not been as high as CA expected, and some expect that the ball tampering incident may further affect those negotiations.
Player contracts.
On 28 March, Smith and Warner were banned from the 2018 edition of the IPL. Both the players were going to make A$2.4 million.
On 11 April 2018, Cricket Australia announced the list of 20 players who have been awarded national contracts for 2018–19. Bancroft, Smith and Warner were not on that list, and they were not mentioned in the media release.
In April 2018, Surrey head coach and former Australian cricketer Michael Di Venuto stated that his county would be willing to sign either Smith or Warner during their ban from international cricket.
Individual sponsorships.
The LG Electronics company in Australia announced that they had chosen not to renew their personal sponsorship of Warner on 27 March 2018, citing "recent events". Warner had been in a commercial arrangement with LG since 2014. That arrangement was in its final weeks and was being considered for renewal at the time of his suspension. As well as this incident, his behaviour came under the spotlight during the first Test of the tour after the dismissal of South African batsman AB de Villiers. He was then involved in a highly publicised personal and escalating verbal altercation with South African batsman Quinton de Kock as they were leaving the field. Warner's teammates intervened to separate them. Both were charged by the match referee and penalised. Earlier in this Test, Warner was involved in a heated exchange with a spectator after being dismissed in Australia's first innings. The spectator was ejected from the ground.
On 29 March 2018, sporting apparel company ASICS terminated their commercial arrangements with Warner and Bancroft. The Commonwealth Bank terminated their brand ambassador arrangement with Smith, as did Sanitarium for whom Smith was an ambassador for their Weet-Bix product.
Return to cricket.
Bancroft was the first of three banned players to return to Australian professional cricket. On 30 December 2018, he represented the Perth Scorchers in the 2018–19 Big Bash League season. In the match he scored two runs from three balls, with the Hobart Hurricanes going on to win the game by six wickets.
The bans on Smith and Warner ended on 29 March 2019, coinciding with the date of the fourth One Day International (ODI) match of Australia's series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates, however neither made their international return until the first match of the 2019 Cricket World Cup. The trio made their returns to the Test arena at Edgbaston on 1 August in the first Test of the 2019 Ashes series, with Smith’s scores of 144 and 142 earning him the man of the match award as Australia beat England by 251 runs.
In February 2020, Smith and Warner were named in Australia's limited overs squads for their tour to South Africa. They both played in the opening Twenty20 International (T20I) match of the tour, the first time they had represented Australia in South Africa since their bans.
Documentary.
A docu-series "" based on the 2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal was streamed on Amazon Prime Video on 11 March 2020 with 8 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="56966948" url="?curid=56966948" title="Dave Steckel (American football)">
Dave Steckel (American football)

Dave Steckel is an American football coach and former player. He was most recently the head coach at Missouri State University. Prior to that, he spent 14 seasons on the staff at the University of Missouri. His other coaching stops include Miami University of Ohio, Ball State University, the University of Minnesota, Dickinson College, Lehigh University, the University of Toledo, and Rutgers University.
Coaching career.
Steckel’s coaching career started shortly after his playing career ended at Kutztown in 1982. He got his start as a graduate assistant at Miami (OH).
In 1984, he joined the Ball State staff as the defensive line coach.
Steckel spent the 1985 season as a graduate assistant at Minnesota.
From 1986–1987, Steckel was the associate head coach and offensive coordinator at Dickinson College.
From Dickinson, Steckel moved on to Lehigh, where he served as the special teams coordinator and linebackers coach from 1988–1991.
In 1992, Steckel joined Gary Pinkel’s staff at Toledo coaching the defensive line. He held that position through the 1995 season.
Steckel then joined the coaching staff at Rutgers for five seasons. He coached the defensive line from 1996–1998 and the linebackers in 1999 and 2000.
In 2001, Steckel reunited with Gary Pinkel at Missouri, joining the Tigers as the linebackers coach. Steckel would spend the next 14 years tutoring the Tigers linebackers, was promoted to defensive coordinator prior to the 2009 season, and was promoted to associate head coach prior to the 2011 season.
On December 14, 2014, Steckel was named the 20th head football coach at Missouri State.
On January 10, 2020, Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State.
Playing career.
Steckel played four seasons as an offensive lineman at Kutztown University.
Personal life.
A native of Fullerton, Pennsylvania, Steckel enlisted in the United States Marine Corps following his high school graduation, and served from 1975–1978. He is the younger brother of former NFL coach, Les Steckel.
Steckel and his wife, Mary Beth, have one daughter, Amanda.

</doc>
<doc id="56966949" url="?curid=56966949" title="Ponerorchis wenshanensis">
Ponerorchis wenshanensis

Ponerorchis wenshanensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to south-central China (Yunnan).
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 2003 as "Amitostigma wenshanense". A molecular phylogenetic study in 2014 found that species of "Amitostigma", "Neottianthe" and "Ponerorchis" were mixed together in a single clade, making none of the three genera monophyletic as then circumscribed. "Amitostigma" and "Neottianthe" were subsumed into "Ponerorchis", with this species becoming "Ponerorchis wenshanensis".

</doc>
<doc id="56966955" url="?curid=56966955" title="Polisportiva Tamai">
Polisportiva Tamai


</doc>
<doc id="56966958" url="?curid=56966958" title="The Jugged Hare">
The Jugged Hare

The Jugged Hare is a public house and restaurant at 49 Chiswell Street, between Barbican and Moorgate underground stations in the City of London.
The pub was opened on the site of an old Grade II listed brewery in 2012 by brothers Ed and Tom Martin, who also run The Gun in the Docklands and The Prince Arthur in London Fields, among other establishments. The decor includes oak flooring, red leather seating and a collection of stuffed and mounted animals.
Upon opening, it was reviewed favourably by restaurant critic Giles Coren of The Times, who called it "a very good addition to a good chain of pubs".

</doc>
<doc id="56966965" url="?curid=56966965" title="Amitostigma wenshanense">
Amitostigma wenshanense


</doc>
<doc id="56966974" url="?curid=56966974" title="The Winter Cherry">
The Winter Cherry


</doc>
<doc id="56966984" url="?curid=56966984" title="Mistral G-200">
Mistral G-200

The Mistral G-200 is a Swiss aircraft engine, designed and produced by Mistral Engines of Geneva for use in light aircraft.
Design and development.
The engine is a twin-rotor, 2X3X displacement, liquid-cooled, gasoline Wankel engine design, with an integral mechanical gearbox reduction drive with a reduction ratio of 2.82:1. It employs dual electronic ignition systems and produces .

</doc>
<doc id="56966993" url="?curid=56966993" title="Sleaze Metal">
Sleaze Metal


</doc>
<doc id="56967000" url="?curid=56967000" title="Craigslist killings">
Craigslist killings


</doc>
<doc id="56967008" url="?curid=56967008" title="Andrew J. Ekonomou">
Andrew J. Ekonomou

Andrew John Ekonomou is an attorney in Donald Trump's legal team working under Jay Sekulow. He is a scholar of Byzantine history, having received his PhD in the topic from Emory University in 2000. Ekonomou serves as senior counsel at the American Center for Law and Justice where Sekulow is chief counsel. Ekonomou is a former state prosecutor who occasionally prosecutes cases for a district attorney's office in southeastern Georgia, and a former federal prosecutor who at one time served as the acting United States Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="56967017" url="?curid=56967017" title="Old, New, Borrowed, and Blue (Paul Carrack album)">
Old, New, Borrowed, and Blue (Paul Carrack album)

Old, New, Borrowed, and Blue is the eleventh solo studio album by the English singer-songwriter Paul Carrack. It was originally released in 2007 on Carrack's own Carrack-UK label.
As the title implies, the album is a mixture of recordings of various vintages—some old, some new—cover (i.e., "borrowed") songs, and songs that have a soul or blues influence. Two songs are re-mixes of Carrack originals, originally from his 1996 album "Blue Views". Track 4 was recorded with the Belgian jazz duo Gare du Nord and initially issued on their 2007 album "Sex 'N' Jazz". Other songs are outtakes from earlier album projects, songs recorded for tribute albums, and newly recorded tracks.
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="56967020" url="?curid=56967020" title="John Roundhill">
John Roundhill

John Roundhill is an Australian bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia. He has served as an assistant bishop of the Diocese of Brisbane (Southern Region) since 2018.
Roundhill was a physics teacher in Belize before his ordination as a priest in 1994. Since then he has worked in Lancaster, Scotland, Hong Kong and Australia. Prior to being appointed as bishop, he served as rector of Aspley-Albany Creek, as an area dean, Archdeacon of Lilley and, from 2012 to 2018 as Dean of Bendigo. 

</doc>
<doc id="56967024" url="?curid=56967024" title="Mistral Engine Company">
Mistral Engine Company


</doc>
<doc id="56967031" url="?curid=56967031" title="Polisportiva Castellarano Calcio">
Polisportiva Castellarano Calcio


</doc>
<doc id="56967033" url="?curid=56967033" title="John Hunter (footballer)">
John Hunter (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56967035" url="?curid=56967035" title="Belgrade–Mitrovica train incident">
Belgrade–Mitrovica train incident

The Belgrade–Mitrovica train incident happened on 14 January 2017, when a provocative Serbian train was prevented from entering Kosovo. 
Background.
Several days before the incident, the Serbian media was reporting about a decorated ŽS 711 train. They claimed that it was supposed to re-establish the connection between Serbia and Kosovo, after almost two decades of inactivity. The train had a livery painted in the colours of the Serbian flag and the inscription "Kosovo is Serbia" written in 21 different languages, including Albanian. The train interior was decorated with frescoes from monasteries of the Serbian Orthodox Church, located in Kosovo. The author of the train livery, graphic designer Andrej Vasiljević, stated that by designing such a train, he wants to "show the world Serbian cultural heritage using artistic expression, and make clear to everyone to whom Kosovo belongs". He also said that his initiative was supported by the Serbian Government and Serbian national passenger railway company Srbija Voz.
On the 14th of January, Kosovo's president, Hashim Thaçi, published a Facebook post in which he stated that the aforementioned train had to be prevented from entering Kosovo, due to its "nationalist stickers", which are not in accordance with Kosovo's laws and constitution. Thaçi later ordered his Minister of Interior and Supreme Director of Police to prevent the train's arrival in Kosovo at all costs, after the Government of Kosovo consulted the European Union (EU) which responded that this "wasn't their concern".
Incident and the immediate aftermath.
The train departed from Belgrade at 4 am on 14 January 2017, and was supposed to reach Mitrovica, Kosovo, after more than 19 hours of travel. It was nevertheless stopped in Raška, the final railway station before crossing Kosovo's national borders, due to allegations that the railway tracks up ahead were mined. Afterwards, the train's passengers were switched to buses, which transported them all the way to Mitrovica, while the train returned to Belgrade the following day.
Serbian President Aleksandar Vučić then summoned a National Security Council Session, after which he accused Kosovo's police of mining the tracks and planning to arrest the train's engineer and all its passengers. He also said that it was his decision to stop the train in order to "prevent the wider conflict and show that we want peace". The Kosovan police later searched the tracks for explosives and found none.
Reactions.
Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vučić stated that he will notify the United States, the European Union, and China of the fact that Kosovo "plays war games". He also said that it is his last appeal to Albanians in Kosovo not to attack Serbs, because Serbia will not allow these attacks.
Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić stated that he would send the Serbian Army to Kosovo if Serbs were killed. He also connected the incident with the then-leaving Barack Obama administration in the White House.
The Serbian Minister of Labour, Employment, Veteran, and Social Policy, Aleksandar Vulin, stated, "If it wasn't for the calm and very wise reaction of Aleksandar Vučić, we would have bloody fights on Northern Kosovo."
Kosovo's Prime Minister, Isa Mustafa, stated that "everything that happened" in regards to the arrival of the train from Belgrade to Mitrovica was an unnecessary situation caused by Serbia, and it is part of the "malicious intentions of Serbia to destabilize the situation in Kosovo".
The American ambassador to Kosovo, Greg Delawie, said that he is concerned about the train issue and "called for the restraint of all parties".

</doc>
<doc id="56967042" url="?curid=56967042" title="Murder of Mireille Knoll">
Murder of Mireille Knoll

Mireille Knoll was an 85-year-old French Jewish woman and Holocaust survivor who was murdered in her Paris apartment on 23 March 2018. The murder has been officially described by French authorities as an antisemitic hate crime.
Murder.
There are two alleged assailants, Yacine Mihoub and Alex Carrimbacus. One, a 29-year-old neighbor of Knoll, who suffered from Parkinson's disease, and had known her since he was a child, and the other, an unemployed 21-year-old. The two suspects entered the apartment and reportedly stabbed Knoll eleven times before setting her on fire. The older suspect told investigators that the younger suspect asserted “She’s a Jew. She must have money.” The two suspects have accused each other of the stabbing, one of them claiming that the other shouted "Allahu akbar" as he stabbed her.
Investigation.
The Paris prosecutor’s office characterized the 23 March murder as a hate crime, a murder committed because of the “membership, real or supposed, of the victim of a particular religion.” "The New York Times" noted, "The speed with which the authorities recognized the hate-crime nature of Ms. Knoll’s murder is being seen as a reaction to the anger of France’s Jews at the official response to that earlier crime, which prosecutors took months to characterize as anti-Semitic."
Arrests and legal proceedings.
Two suspects were immediately taken into custody; authorities revealed only that one of the suspects was born in 1989. Suspect Yacine Mihoub, 28 years of age, the son of Knoll's neighbour, was previously known to authorities as he had sexually assaulted the daughter of Knoll's assistant, who was 12 years old at the time. Mihoub served a few months in prison and was released in September 2017. Suspect Alex Carrimbacus, 21 years of age, was acquainted with Mihoub in prison.
Funeral.
The funeral procession, held on March 28, drew thousands of mourners who walked solemnly through the streets of Paris. They walked from the Place de la Nation to Knoll's apartment building in the 11th arrondissement. Knoll was buried at the Cimetière parisien de Bagneux. Her grave was visited by Emmanuel Macron, in a private capacity, to support her family in a visit not covered by the media.
Context.
According to "The Atlantic", this killing marked a shift in the attitude of the French government. In contrast with the similar, antisemitic murders of Ilan Halimi (2006) and Sarah Halimi (2017), French authorities immediately called this killing an act of anti-Jewish hatred.

</doc>
<doc id="56967045" url="?curid=56967045" title="Ponerorchis compacta">
Ponerorchis compacta

Ponerorchis compacta is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae, native to south-central China (west Sichuan).
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in 1924 by Rudolf Schlechter, as "Neottianthe compacta". A molecular phylogenetic study in 2014 found that species of "Neottianthe", "Amitostigma" and "Ponerorchis" were mixed together in a single clade, making none of the three genera monophyletic as then circumscribed. "Neottianthe" and "Amitostigma" were subsumed into "Ponerorchis", with this species becoming "Ponerorchis compacta".

</doc>
<doc id="56967047" url="?curid=56967047" title="Gene Dubuque">
Gene Dubuque

Eugene Earl Dubuque (December 11, 1927 – March 13, 1974), known by the ring name Magnificent Maurice and Gene Dubuque, was an American professional wrestler and bodybuilder who wrestled mainly during his career for World Wide Wrestling Federation between 1963-1969, and 1971 and teamed most of his career with Johnny Barend.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
Dubuque was born in 1927 to American and Russian parents. He was an amateur bodybuilder, winning the 1947 Mr. New York City contest and turned into pro wrestling in 1949 in wrestling in New York City. He later went to Texas, San Francisco, Hawaii, and Stampede Wrestling in Calgary, Canada. On June 24, 1957 he lost to Ilio DiPaolo in a Best out of three falls in Los Angeles. In 1958 he teamed up with Mike Valnetino won the NWA World Tag Team Championship "(San Francisco version)" where he won the titles once with Valentino and twice with Fritz von Goering.
he later became Magnificent Maurice in 1959. He started teaming up with Johnny Barend in 1960 and they won four different tag teams titles from 1962-1968. In 1961 he won the NWA San Francisco Pacific Coast Heavyweight Championship defeating Ramon Torres. He wrestled for American Wrestling Association from 1960-1963.
World Wide Wrestling Federation.
In 1963 Maurice and Barend went to the New York Territory for the World Wide Wrestling Federation where they sometimes teamed with Buddy Rogers feuding with Bobo Brazil, Dory Dixon, and Pedro Morales. Maurice had a few singles matches feuding against Bruno Sammartino for the WWWF Heavyweight title. From 1964-1965 he feuded with Bill Watts and Wahoo McDaniel. By 1969 he left the company.
Later career.
Maurice reunited with Barend in 1965 at Detroit's big Time Wrestling. He also wrestled in Hawaii for 50th State Big Time Wrestling in 1968 winning the NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship with Barend. In 1971 he returned to World Wide Wrestling Federation as Gene Dubuque.
Personal life.
During the last few years of his life he had a career in Hollywood. He was hired by Wolper Productions, run by David Wolper, to perform the part of a prehistoric man in the ABC-TV documentary "Primal Man." On March 13, 1974 Dubuque and a crew went out to the Mammoth Lakes area in the Inyo National Forest (Inyo County, California) to shot for the film Primal Man, and they were set to return to Burbank. Their Sierra Pacific plane, Convair 440, was chartered by the company, and took off from Bishop Airport carrying 31 members of the production crew and 5 airplane staff. Five minutes later, the plane crashed into a White Mountains ridge, killing all aboard including Dubuque. He was only 46 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="56967052" url="?curid=56967052" title="Mistral G-230-TS">
Mistral G-230-TS

The Mistral G-230-TS is a Swiss aircraft engine, designed and produced by Mistral Engines of Geneva for use in light aircraft.
By March 2018 the engine was no longer advertised on the company website and seems to be out of production.
Design and development.
The engine is a twin-rotor, 2X3X displacement, liquid-cooled, gasoline Wankel engine design, with a mechanical gearbox reduction drive with a reduction ratio of 2.8:1. It employs dual electronic ignition systems and produces at 2515 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="56967059" url="?curid=56967059" title="Holothuria fuscopunctata">
Holothuria fuscopunctata

Holothuria fuscopunctata, the elephant trunkfish, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae native to shallow water in the tropical Indo-Pacific. It is placed in the subgenus "Microthele", making its full name "Holothuria (Microthele) fuscopunctata".
Description.
A large sea cucumber, "H. fuscopunctata" reaches a maximum length of , although a more usual length is about half this. It can weigh up to . The body wall is thick and golden-brown with darker spots and dark brown wrinkles. The underside is whitish, the mouth being surrounded by twenty thick brown tentacles and the anus surrounded by a black band. The cloaca is large and black, but there are no Cuvierian tubules.
Distribution and habitat.
"H. fuscopunctata" has a wide distribution in the tropical Indo-Pacific. Its range extends from Madagascar and the eastern coast of Africa to Japan, China, Australia and the Mariana Islands, Palau and New Caledonia. Its depth range is down to a maximum of ; it is common in some parts of its range, but scarce in the Philippines, Federated States of Micronesia, and Marshall Islands. On the African coast it mostly occurs on sandy seabeds and seagrass meadows, but in the Central Pacific, it mostly occurs on reef slopes and on coral rubble, although it also lives in seagrass beds.
Biology.
This species feeds on organic material that it grazes on the seabed. It is slow to mature and has low fecundity. The sexes are separate and breeding takes place in the warm season, between December and January.
Status.
Sea cucumbers are eaten in the Central Pacific. "H. fuscopunctata" is not particularly esteemed, but it is eaten as a poverty food in times of hardship, such as after cyclones. It is mostly harvested by skin-diving, and is likely to face greater exploitation as other more favoured species become scarcer. There are fisheries in Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Indonesia; in Madagascar; in the Western Pacific, including the Torres Strait, and in Tuvalu. For the time being, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern", but it is vulnerable to over-exploitation because of its low fertility rate.

</doc>
<doc id="56967064" url="?curid=56967064" title="Ekonomou, Andrew J.">
Ekonomou, Andrew J.


</doc>
<doc id="56967076" url="?curid=56967076" title="Mahmoud El Banna">
Mahmoud El Banna

Mahmoud Zakaria Mohamed El Banna () is an Egyptian football referee.
El Banna became a FIFA referee in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56967078" url="?curid=56967078" title="Neottianthe compacta">
Neottianthe compacta


</doc>
<doc id="56967081" url="?curid=56967081" title="Mistral G-360-TS">
Mistral G-360-TS

The Mistral G-360-TS is a Swiss aircraft engine, designed and produced by Mistral Engines of Geneva for use in light aircraft.
By March 2018 the engine was no longer advertised on the company website and seems to be out of production.
Design and development.
The engine is a three-rotor, 3X3X displacement, liquid-cooled, gasoline Wankel engine design, with a mechanical gearbox reduction drive with a reduction ratio of 2.82:1. It employs dual electronic ignition systems and produces at 2250 rpm.

</doc>
<doc id="56967082" url="?curid=56967082" title="Castile-León Football Federation">
Castile-León Football Federation


</doc>
<doc id="56967094" url="?curid=56967094" title="Lower Bavarian Open-Air Museums">
Lower Bavarian Open-Air Museums

The Lower Bavarian Open-Air Museums () in Massing and Mauth has the objective of portraying the old ways of life and domestic and agricultural activities of the farming population of Lower Bavaria. It is owned by a communal special purpose association formed by the province of Lower Bavaria, the counties of Rottal-Inn and Freyung-Grafenau, and the municipalities of Massing and Mauth. The museums are under academic leadership.
Finsterau Open-Air Museum.
The Finsterau Open-Air Museum lies in the municipality of Mauth at the edge of the village of Finsterau in the Bavarian Forest near the Czech border. It has farmhouses, complete farmsteads, a village smithy and a roadside inn from across the Bavarian Forest. The everyday life of farmers and day labourers in this region was hard. In the Finsterau Open-Air Museum, everyday things, like tools or woven cloth, are displayed in their original context. Festivals, markets and special exhibitions are hosted in which the craftsmen and women demonstrate their handiwork. In the "Ehrn", the old roadside inn from Kirchaitnach, the museum visitors may eat and drink.
Massing Open-Air Museum.
The Massing Open-Air Museum was founded in 1969 and was one of the first museums of its type in Bavaria. Initially only the most attractive buildings from the rural Rot valley were displayed, which included wooden houses, painted cupboards and chests, Kröning pottery, embroidery, and turned ware. Since then, more everyday objects have been presented. With the Marxensölde farm came the world of the small farmers, with the Kochhof the fascination of technology: winch wells, tractors, vaulted stables, enamelled pots, bowls, and buckets. Orchards, field boundaries, hedges and avenues have been created. The Spring Market ("Lenzmarkt"), Solstice Festival ("Sonnwendfest"), Harvest Beer Festival ("Arntbierfest"), and "Museumskirta" are highlights of the museum year.
Farms.
Between the rivers, Rott and Inn lay the home of the "Kochhof", the "Heilmeierhof" came from a village on the edge of the broad Isar valley, the "Lehnerhof" stood in the middle of the hop gardens of the Hallertau and the farmhouse of the "Schusteröderhof" had its original location not far from Massing.
Award.
In 2007 the Massing Open-Air Museum received a special award of the Bavarian Museum Prize for the conception and redesign of its museum depot for its collection and its exemplary operation.

</doc>
<doc id="56967095" url="?curid=56967095" title="Zaure Kadyrova">
Zaure Kadyrova

Zaure Zhussupkyzy Kadyrova (, "Záýre Júsipqyzy Qadyrova"; born in 1940) is a Kazakh political scientist.
Life.
Kadyrova graduated from the Kazakh State Women's Pedagogical Institute (1963) and graduated from the Higher Party School of the CPSU Central Committee (1973).
She became the director of Tisikakan School of Tselinograd region in 1965, a promoter propaganda department of Zhaksyn Party Committee in 1967, secretary of Shortandinsk district committee of Kazakhstan Communist Party of Tselinograd region in 1969. She also became the chairman of the Committee for Social and Cultural Development.
She was awarded the Order of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Order of the USSR and medals.

</doc>
<doc id="56967102" url="?curid=56967102" title="Nishiyama Minako">
Nishiyama Minako


</doc>
<doc id="56967108" url="?curid=56967108" title="Heraclius (son of Constantine IV)">
Heraclius (son of Constantine IV)

Heraclius (the Latin of his Greek name Herakleios) was born between 667 and 685, and was the son, and second of two children, of Byzantine Emperor Constantine IV and his wife, Empress Anastasia.
Unlike his older brother Justinian II, he was never made co-emperor under his father, and was never emperor. In contrast, the brothers of his father, Heraclius and Tiberius, had been crowned "Augusti" with Constantine IV during the reign of their father Constans II, but in 681 Constantine IV had them mutilated so they would be ineligible to rule.
Heraclius is noted in the Liber Pontificalis under Pope Benedict II who received locks of hair from Justinian and Heraclius ("domni Iustiniani et Heraclii filiorum…principis"), sent by their father, Constantine IV in 684/685. Such a gesture was understood as being a sign of adoption by the Pope of the two children. Heraclius survived his father, but there is no record of him after the death of Constantine IV from dysentery in 685; in contrast, his brother Justinian II's death is known as 711, while his mother Anastasia outlived all her family and died sometime after 711.

</doc>
<doc id="56967113" url="?curid=56967113" title="Andrew Ekonomou">
Andrew Ekonomou


</doc>
<doc id="56967154" url="?curid=56967154" title="Manek Bedi">
Manek Bedi

Manek Bedi is a former Bollywood actor. He is currently a Film and TV producer and has produced a big hit show " Hitler Didi" for Zee TV 

</doc>
<doc id="56967156" url="?curid=56967156" title="Dormeshia Sumbry-Edwards">
Dormeshia Sumbry-Edwards

Dormeshia Sumbry-Edwards (born January 16, 1976 in Englewood, California) is an American tap dancer, choreographer, and instructor who has been called "the mastress of her generation." In 1998, she married fellow dancer Omar Edwards and opened a studio with him in Harlem; they have three children.
Early life and education.
Sumbry-Edwards began tap dancing at the age of 3 under the instruction of Paul and Arlene Kennedy at Universal Dance Theatre. At 8, she performed at the Tip Tap Festival in Rome. At 12, she made her Broadway debut in Black and Blue, alongside Gregory Hines, Jimmy Slyde, Buster Brown and Savion Glover. In 1989, the "New York Times" described her as part of a young generation who "have the certain something." After graduating from high school, Sumbry-Edwards joined Lynn Dally's Jazz Tap Ensemble as a soloist.
Career.
Sumbry-Edwards also appeared on Broadway in the Tony Award-winning Bring In Da’Noise, Bring In Da’Funk as the only female tap dancer, initially appearing dressed as a man. She has toured extensively in the United States and abroad.
As an instructor, Sumbry-Edwards has taught on the International Tap Festival circuit including the , the Los Angeles Tap Festival, the Campinas Tap Festival, for K-Broadway in Tokyo, and at the Broadway Dance Center in New York City.
After her experience hearing responses to her role in Bring In Da’Noise, Bring In Da’Funk alongside male dancers, Sumbry-Edwards decided to think about new ways of teaching techniques of rhythm-tap for women, culminating in a Harlem Tap Studio course for Women in Heels described as "countering the downward-driving, piston-driven attack of traditional (male) rhythm-tapping styles with steps that were structured along more circuitous paths of attack."
Sumbry-Edwards was also a featured performer in Broadway's After Midnight for which she also won an Astaire Award for Best Performance.
Awards.
Sumbry-Edwards won a Bessie in 2012 for Outstanding Performer in Jason Samuels Smith's work "Chasing The Bird" performed at The Joyce Theater. She also was the recipient of a dance fellowship in 1994 as well as the prestigious Princess Grace Statue Award in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56967164" url="?curid=56967164" title="Australian ball tampering scandal">
Australian ball tampering scandal


</doc>
<doc id="56967169" url="?curid=56967169" title="MHCLG">
MHCLG


</doc>
<doc id="56967174" url="?curid=56967174" title="Kuri Prathap">
Kuri Prathap

Prathap (also known as Kuri Prathap) is an Indian film actor in the Kannada film industry. He made his debut in the movie Sixer (2007), and went on to cast in many commercial films. Some of the notable films of Prathap as an actor include "Mylari" (2010), "Godfather" (2012), "Brindavana" (2013), and "Auto Raja" (2013). He entered the Bigg Boss Kannada house as a contestant in October 2019. Though he gained much popularity he ended up as the runner-up of the show "Bigg Boss Kannada" (season 7).
Career.
Prathap has been part of more than 140+ Kannada feature films and has featured on a popular Kannada prank show, telecast on Udaya TV channel, called "Kuri Bond", which made him popular as "Kuri Prathap".
He also appeared in the first season of Comedy Kiladigalu aired on Zee Kannada pairing as a partner with the Kannada actor Chikkanna.
Prathap is also popular for his character "Kadle Puri"in Colors Kannada's sketch comedy show, "Majaa Talkies".
He participated in "Bigg Boss Kannada" (season 7) and finished as runner-up.
Filmography.
Prathap has appeared in the following Kannada and other language films:

</doc>
<doc id="56967189" url="?curid=56967189" title="Does the Spearmint Lose Its Flavor on the Bedpost Overnight?">
Does the Spearmint Lose Its Flavor on the Bedpost Overnight?


</doc>
<doc id="56967190" url="?curid=56967190" title="Ana Maria Gonzalez">
Ana Maria Gonzalez


</doc>
<doc id="56967193" url="?curid=56967193" title="Michael McManus (columnist)">
Michael McManus (columnist)


</doc>
<doc id="56967200" url="?curid=56967200" title="Daoud Ali Najafi">
Daoud Ali Najafi


</doc>
<doc id="56967210" url="?curid=56967210" title="Thomas Walsh (trade unionist)">
Thomas Walsh (trade unionist)

Thomas Walsh J.P. (7 November 1891 - 25 September 1964) was a British trade unionist.
Born in Grangetown, North Yorkshire, Walsh left school at the age of 13 and worked in the steelworks as an errand boy before getting a job in the blastfurnaces. He volunteered to serve in the Connaught Regiment during the First World War.
In 1919, after the war, Walsh returned to the blastfurnaces at Redcar Iron Works and became an active local official and works delegate for the National Union of Blastfurnacemen. In 1929 he became lodge delegate. In 1931 became a member of the Cleveland Wages Committee. He was appointed to the executive in 1936, and in 1939 was appointed District Secretary of the Cleveland and Durham District of the union.
A member of the Grangetown Labour Party, after the Second World War Walsh was elected to the North Regional Labour Party Executive. In 1953 he was elected National President of the union.
Walsh was appointed magistrate in 1944 and appointed Chairman of South Bank Justices in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="56967215" url="?curid=56967215" title="Mistral G-230">
Mistral G-230


</doc>
<doc id="56967217" url="?curid=56967217" title="Mistral G-360">
Mistral G-360


</doc>
<doc id="56967222" url="?curid=56967222" title="Oak-Land Jr. High School">
Oak-Land Jr. High School


</doc>
<doc id="56967223" url="?curid=56967223" title="Natixis Global Asset Management">
Natixis Global Asset Management


</doc>
<doc id="56967226" url="?curid=56967226" title="Proneohelicometra aegyptensis">
Proneohelicometra aegyptensis


</doc>
<doc id="56967231" url="?curid=56967231" title="1985 Mercedes Cup">
1985 Mercedes Cup

The 1985 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1985 Grand Prix circuit. It was the eighth edition of the tournament and was held from 9 September until 15 September 1985. First-seeded Ivan Lendl won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Ivan Lendl defeated Brad Gilbert, 6–4, 6–0
Doubles.
 Ivan Lendl / Tomáš Šmíd defeated Andy Kohlberg / João Soares, 3–6, 6–4, 6–2

</doc>
<doc id="56967235" url="?curid=56967235" title="Pellamyzon abitionis">
Pellamyzon abitionis


</doc>
<doc id="56967241" url="?curid=56967241" title="Birkenhead and Tranmere (ward)">
Birkenhead and Tranmere (ward)

Birkenhead and Tranmere (previously Argyle-Clifton-Holt, 1973 to 1979, and Birkenhead, 1979 to 2004) is a Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council ward in the Birkenhead Parliamentary constituency.
Notes.
• "italics" denotes the sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate

</doc>
<doc id="56967245" url="?curid=56967245" title="Jean-Philippe Blondel">
Jean-Philippe Blondel

Jean-Philippe Blondel (born October 16, 1964) is a French novelist and high school English teacher. He was born in Troyes, about 200 km southwest of Paris, France.
Biography.
Blondel has taught at Lycée Edouard Herriot, a high school located in Sainte-Savine near his hometown of Troyes, since the 1990s. Blondel is not only a French author of young-adult and realistic fiction novels but also an English teacher. His most popular work, "The 6:41 to Paris," has reached worldwide popularity and has been translated into ten languages. This widespread interest in his novels has led to opportunities for Blondel to travel abroad.
Awards.
2005: "Marie-Claire-Blais Quebec-France Literary Prize" for "Accès Direct à la Plage"
2007: "Biblioblog Award" for "Passage du Gué"
2008: "Charles-Exbrayat Award" for "This is not a Love Song"
2011: "Amerigo Vespucci Youth Prize" for "Qui Vive?"
2011: "Feminine Virgin-Version Award" for "G-229"
2013: Middle and High School Students of Charante Award for "Brise Glace"
2016: "You Love to Read Award" from Middle and High School Students of Mayenne for "La Coloc"

</doc>
<doc id="56967248" url="?curid=56967248" title="Patrick Ciurria">
Patrick Ciurria

Patrick Ciurria (born 9 February 1995) is an Italian professional footballer player who plays as a forward for club Monza.
Club career.
Spezia.
From 2011 to January 2013, Ciurria played for Castellarano's youth system, before moving on loan to Spezia, with whom he played in the Campionato Primavera 1 in the second part of the 2012–13 season. At the end of the season he was bought outright by Spezia, making his first-team debut in the 2013–14 season; Ciurria made his Serie B debut for Spezia on 24 August 2013, in a 0–0 against Cittadella. He made five appearances in the Serie B and three appearances in the Coppa Italia.
Ciurria played two more seasons at Spezia, during the 2014–15 season (one league game and two cup games) and in the 2015–16 season, in which he played more frequently, scoring a goal in 18 appearances in the Serie B, and making three appearances in the Coppa Italia.
Loans to Südtirol and Siena.
In summer 2016, Ciurria was loaned to Lega Pro club Südtirol. He made 19 appearances in the 2016–17 season, and a game in the Coppa Italia Lega Pro. In January 2017, Ciurria returned to Spezia, who then sent him on loan Siena; he scored three goals in 15 appearances in the Lega Pro.
Pordenone.
In summer 2017, Ciurria was sold outright to Pordenone. In the 2017–18 season, he scored six goals in 29 appearances in the Serie C. Ciurria helped Pordenone with the league title in the 2018–19 season, marking the club's first promotion to the Serie B; he scored three goals in 37 games.
In the 2019–20 Serie B season, Ciurria scored five league goals in 35 appearances, and made one Coppa Italia appearance. The 2020–21 season was a prolific one for Ciurria, seeing him score nine goals and make 11 assists in 36 league games – he was the league top assist provider.
Monza.
On 31 July 2021, Ciurria joined fellow Serie B side Monza on a three-year deal. He made his debut on 14 August, in a 2–1 Coppa Italia defeat to Cittadella in the first round.
International career.
Between 2013 and 2014, Ciurria scored four goals in 11 games for the Italy national under-19 team. He later also played three games with the under-20 team, with whom he participated in the Four Nations Tournament in 2014 and 2016.
Style of play.
Ciurria is a versatile forward who can be used as an attacking midfielder, right winger, striker or second striker.
Honours.
Pordenone
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="56967251" url="?curid=56967251" title="Via Cairoli">
Via Cairoli

Via Cairoli is a street in the historical centre of Genoa, in North-western Italy, named after the 10th Prime Minister of Italy Benedetto Cairoli (1825-1889). Built in the 18th century as “Strada Nuovissima” (Italian for “the most new street”), it is one of the "Strade Nuove" (Italian for "new streets") inscribed in July 2006 in the list of UNESCO World Heritage Site .
History.
Via Cairoli, then known as "Strada Nuovissima", was built between 1778 and 1786 by the architect Gregorio Petondi.
During the Reinassance period, the nobility of the Republic of Genoa started a careful town planning to transform the existing medieval city and initiate a sizeable urban expansion to the North. After this expansion, however, the two “Strade Nuove” - the 16th-century Strada Nuova (now via Garibaldi) and the 17th-century Strada Balbi (now via Balbi) – remained without a comparable thoroughfare connecting them, separated by a number of medieval alleys and squares. In the 18th century, therefore, the city decided to improve the connection between the two monumental streets and give a boost to the westward traffic through the construction of Strada Nuovissima. This required sacrificing some ancient working-class homes and adapting some of the aristocratic palaces, such as the Palazzo Lomellini Doria-Lamba, which were located alongside the new street.

</doc>
<doc id="56967254" url="?curid=56967254" title="Australian ball tampering">
Australian ball tampering


</doc>
<doc id="56967255" url="?curid=56967255" title="Thomas Fox (rower)">
Thomas Fox (rower)


</doc>
<doc id="56967257" url="?curid=56967257" title="Joe Grayson">
Joe Grayson

Joseph Nicholas Grayson (born 26 March 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays for Barrow, as a defender and midfielder.
Early and personal life.
His father is Simon Grayson. He attended Moorland School.
Career.
Blackburn Rovers.
Grayson joined Blackburn Rovers in the 2014, turning professional in July 2017. He made his senior debut on 28 August 2018, in the EFL Cup, in a 4–1 home victory against Lincoln City. In doing so him and his father became the third father-son duo to both play for Blackburn Rovers.
He moved on loan to Grimsby Town in January 2019 for the rest of the season.
On 1 February 2021, Grayson joined League One side Oxford United on loan until the end of the season.
On 13 May 2021, Grayson announced on social media that he was being released by Rovers at the end of the 2020–21 season.
Barrow.
On 23 June 2021, it was announced that Grayson would join League Two side Barrow on a two-year contract following his release from Blackburn.
Playing style.
He was described by Blackburn Rovers as "a classy left-footed midfielder with a great delivery from set-plays". He can also play as a defender, and Grimsby Town manager Michael Jolley described him as somebody who "is versatile to play in several different positions and adds further strength, balance and competition to our squad".

</doc>
<doc id="56967259" url="?curid=56967259" title="Topno">
Topno

Topno is an Indian Munda people tribal surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56967261" url="?curid=56967261" title="Frederick A. Douglass High School">
Frederick A. Douglass High School


</doc>
<doc id="56967262" url="?curid=56967262" title="The Daymark">
The Daymark

The Daymark (also known as The Tower) is a 24 m (80 ft) octagonal limestone day beacon, which was built in 1864, and which is situated in an arable field above Froward Point near the town of Kingswear, Devon, England.
Description.
The daymark was constructed of local limestone and slate in an arable field. It is octagonal and sharply battered with a truncated open top, and has a tall narrow pointed head arch on each side, forming eight stilted pillars.
Construction.
In 1863, Charles Seale Hayne, who was the owner of Brownstone at that time, became a founder member of the Dartmouth Harbour Commission, whose main aim was to improve access and facilities to Dartmouth harbour. The following year, Seale Hayne leased land for the erection of this tower as a day beacon. This was deemed to be required as Dartmouth Harbour is notoriously difficult to find from the sea, and hence was built to provide a navigational landmark for mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="56967263" url="?curid=56967263" title="Zip &amp; Zap and the Captain's Island">
Zip &amp; Zap and the Captain's Island

Zip &amp; Zap and the Captain's Island () is a 2016 Spanish adventure film directed by Oskar Santos and starred by Teo Planell, Toni Gómez and Elena Anaya. This is the sequel to "Zip &amp; Zap and the Marble Gang".
Cast.
The two siblings, Zip and Zap break into a toy store of a relative to steal some toys, in revenge of a punishment. They upset fire, which quickly engulfs the whole store after they escaped. Thus, the duo was given a whole array of punishments, with their parents continuously inventing new ones. They expected punishment to be bad, but to their surprise, they landed on a picturesque island, where their novelist father's editor reputedly lives. They take their car and drive through a road to find a house. But their car breaks down in front of the Orphanage, where Pamela (Miss Pam) lets them stay. They are fascinated by the life the children are allowed to live there, but they still disapproved of it, since they hadn't any parents. They went to sleep at night, but found their parents missing in the morning, coming to the conclusion that they went away, leaving them there. then in another part, they start teasing the nun, while they sang, and slowly grew accustomed to the life. Then, it is shown that the parents were kidnapped by Ms. Pam, who turned out to be the fictional editor, who converted parents to children, to keep herself company. The children, along with Flecky and Macky, their parents younger forms, find out about the kidnapping. they make run to escape, with Pipi, who is the younger form of Ms. Pam, who traps them. The intelligent gorilla, who Salomon intended to kill, saved them, and took them to his den, where they see that Pamela was obsessed with book characters, and all the helpers of her were named after characters, and were manic or criminal. They also found out that the gorilla was a detective, who was sent to investigate the disappearances, and was turned into a gorilla. Miss Pam captures them, with the help of a person who has become invisible. They are locked in a dungeon, when the butler reveals that he is the father of Pamela. then he begins the backstory of Pamela. She had lost her mom, and her father wanted to atone for that, by giving Pam all she wanted. He gave her two submarines, a tool that takes her anywhere, and the shape/age shifting machine, which only worked inside the machine. She became angry, and hated her father. He kept on laboring on the machine, and made the dome bigger. They are helped to escape, and devise a plan to steal the key fragments to escape through a submarine. They escape from the mansion, but are caught and sunk by the other submarine, after she converts her father to a frog, and told him where she kept the key which destroyed the dome. While, in the submarine, they escaped by the teleporting device, and landed in the lab. then a scuffle ensues, and Pam captures Flecky and Macky, and shows them that they were their parents. But before she could catch the duo, they escaped, and smashed the key to destroy the dome, then indicated by the frog. The duo converts their parents back, along with all other parents, and they reunite with family finally.

</doc>
<doc id="56967264" url="?curid=56967264" title="Jebavý">
Jebavý

Jebavý (feminine Jebavá) is a Czech surname. It is an adjective derivation of a verb "jebat", which is a vulgar term for a sexual intercourse. Notable people include:

</doc>
<doc id="56967268" url="?curid=56967268" title="Jebavá">
Jebavá


</doc>
<doc id="56967269" url="?curid=56967269" title="Jebavy">
Jebavy


</doc>
<doc id="56967277" url="?curid=56967277" title="Australian ball-tampering scandal">
Australian ball-tampering scandal


</doc>
<doc id="56967278" url="?curid=56967278" title="Zipi y Zape y la isla del capitán">
Zipi y Zape y la isla del capitán


</doc>
<doc id="56967279" url="?curid=56967279" title="Gun sale">
Gun sale


</doc>
<doc id="56967280" url="?curid=56967280" title="Cannabis and impaired driving">
Cannabis and impaired driving

Two main questions arise in the law surrounding driving after having ingested cannabis: (1) whether cannabis actually impairs driving ability, and (2) whether the common practice of testing for THC (the main psychoactive substance in cannabis) is a reliable means to measure impairment. On the first question, studies are mixed. Several recent, extensive studies–including one conducted by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and one conducted by the American Automobile Association (AAA)–show that drivers with detectable THC in their blood are no more likely to cause car crashes than drivers with no amount of THC in their blood. Others show that cannabis can impair certain abilities important to safe driving (such as reaction time, divided attention, and cognitive functions)–but "no studies" have been able to show that this increases the actual risk of crashing, or that drivers with THC in their blood cause a disproportionate number of crashes. On the second question, the studies that have been conducted so far have consistently found that THC blood levels and degree of impairment are not closely related. No known relationship between blood levels of THC (the main psychoactive substance in cannabis) and increased relative crash risk, or THC blood levels and level of driving impairment, has been shown by single-crash or classic-control studies. Thus, even though it is possible that cannabis impairs driving ability to some extent, there are currently no reliable means to test or measure whether a driver was actually impaired.
Nonetheless, policymakers in the United States have generally dealt with cannabis-and-driving criminalization by importing the alcohol DUI regime into the cannabis context. This has led to complications down the road when cannabis-driving cases land in criminal court because cannabis detection science differs vastly from alcohol detection science. For example, blood alcohol content (BAC) has similar rates of absorption, distribution, and elimination across all humans, and there is also a fairly good correlation between BAC and level of impairment (in other words, impairment increases when BAC increases, and impairment decreases when BAC decreases). This has allowed law enforcement to use tools like breathalyzers and blood tests in criminal court because alcohol concentration is a relatively reliable indicator of how recently and how much alcohol was consumed. In contrast, THC levels can vary widely depending on the means of ingestion, THC is metabolized at an exponentially declining rate (as opposed to the steady metabolization rate for alcohol), and there is very poor correlation of THC blood levels with impairment. As stated in a report to Congress produced by the U.S. Department of Transportation's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, "[I]n contrast to the situation with alcohol, someone can show little or no impairment at a THC level at which someone else may show a greater degree of impairment." The report also noted that, in some studies, THC was detectable as late as 30 days after ingestion–even though the acute psychoactive effects of cannabis last only for a few hours.
Effects on driving.
While several studies have shown increased risk associated with cannabis use by drivers, other studies have not found increased risk.
In the largest and most precisely controlled study of its kind carried out by the U.S. Department of Transportation’s National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to research the risks of cannabis and driving, it was found that other "studies that measure the presence of THC in the drivers' blood or oral fluid, rather than relying on self-report tend to have much lower (or no) elevated crash risk estimates. Likewise better controlled studies have found lower (or no) elevated crash risk estimates". The study found that "after adjusting for age, gender, race and alcohol use, drivers who tested positive for marijuana were no more likely to crash than those who had not used any drugs or alcohol prior to driving". The study however cautions that "these results do not indicate that drug use by drivers is risk-free." A 2012 British Medical Journal meta-analysis indicated that "drivers who consume cannabis within three hours of driving are nearly twice as likely to cause a vehicle collision as those who are not under the influence of drugs or alcohol" and found that acute cannabis use increased the risk of an automobile crash.
In "Cannabis and driving: a review of the literature and commentary", the United Kingdom's Department for Transport reviewed data on cannabis and driving, finding "Cannabis impairs driving behaviour. However, this impairment is mediated in that subjects under cannabis treatment appear to perceive that they are indeed impaired. Where they can compensate, they do, for example ... effects of driving behaviour are present up to an hour after smoking but do not continue for extended periods". The report summarizes current knowledge about the effects of cannabis on driving and accident risk based on a review of available literature published since 1994 and the effects of cannabis on laboratory based tasks. The study identified young males, amongst whom cannabis consumption is frequent and increasing, and in whom alcohol consumption is also common, as a risk group for traffic accidents. The cause, according to the report, is driving inexperience and factors associated with youth relating to risk taking, delinquency and motivation. These demographic and psychosocial variables may relate to both drug use and accident risk, thereby presenting an artificial relationship between use of drugs and accident involvement.
Kelly, Darke and Ross show similar results, with laboratory studies examining the effects of cannabis on skills utilised while driving showing impairments in tracking, attention, reaction time, short-term memory, hand-eye coordination, vigilance, time and distance perception, and decision making and concentration. An EMCDDA review concluded that "the acute effect of moderate or higher doses of cannabis impairs the skills related to safe driving and injury risk", specifically "attention, tracking and psychomotor skills".
In their review of driving simulator studies, Kelly et al. conclude that there is evidence of dose-dependent impairments in cannabis-affected drivers' ability to control a vehicle in the areas of steering, headway control, speed variability, car following, reaction time and lane positioning. The researchers note that "even in those who learn to compensate for a drug's impairing effects, substantial impairment in performance can still be observed under conditions of general task performance (i.e. when no contingencies are present to maintain compensated performance)."
An extensive 2013 review of 66 studies regarding crash risk and drug use found that cannabis was associated with minor, but not statistically significant increased odds of injury or fatal accident. The estimated fatal crash odds for cannabis (1.26) were lower than: opiates (1.68), antianxiety medications (2.30), zopiclone (sleep medicine) (2.60), cocaine (2.96), and amphetamines (5.17). The estimated injury odds for cannabis (1.10) were lower than: antihistamines (1.12), penicillin (1.12), antianxiety meds (1.17), antidepressants (1.35), antiasthmatics (1.31), zopiclone (sleep medicine) (1.42), cocaine (1.66), and opiates (1.91). The study concluded: "By and large, the increase in the risk of accident involvement associated with the use of drugs must be regarded as modest...Compared to the huge increase in accident risk associated with alcohol, as well as the high accident rate among young drivers, the increases in risk associated with the use of drugs are surprisingly small."
A report from the University of Colorado, Montana State University, and the University of Oregon found that on average, states that have legalized medical cannabis had a decrease in traffic-related fatalities by 8–11%. The researchers hypothesized "it’s just safer to drive under the influence of marijuana than it is drunk...Drunk drivers take more risk, they tend to go faster. They don’t realize how impaired they are. People who are under the influence of marijuana drive slower, they don’t take as many risks". Another consideration, they added, was the fact that users of marijuana tend not to go out as much.
On the other hand, a recent study of Journal of Transport &amp; Health indicated that the numbers of fatal crashes involving marijuana after the recreational marijuana legalization or decriminalization have significantly increased in Colorado, Washington, and Massachusetts.
Detection of impairment.
A major US insurance company states that "there are no widely accepted methods for detecting impairment from marijuana". The U.S. drug czar Gil Kerlikowske said in 2012, "I'll be dead from old age, before we know the impairment levels" for cannabis. A 2017 Canadian government report stated "science is unable to provide general guidance to drivers about how much cannabis can be consumed before it is unsafe to drive".
Some users seem to be able to perform risk compensation by driving slower or other behaviors, and some users appear to develop a physiological tolerance, making determining a standard impairment dose difficult. A 2010 study found "cannabis and alcohol acutely impair several driving‐related skills in a dose‐related fashion, but the effects of cannabis vary more between individuals because of tolerance, differences in smoking technique, and different absorptions of THC". A 2014 study found "no correlation between degree of impairment and THCA-A blood concentration". Because of these findings, some safety organizations have advocated that police use behavioral impairment tests instead of metabolite testing. 
False indications of driving impairment.
Testing for metabolites of THC, versus the actual THC intoxicant, can result in DUID convictions of users who aren't actually impaired. According to National Institute on Drug Abuse, "the role played by marijuana in crashes is often unclear because it can be detected in body fluids for days or even weeks after intoxication".
False positives.
According to a 2017 Report to Congress produced by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, many of the THC immunoassay screening tests used by law enforcement can give a false positive of THC metabolites. This is because these screenings tests "lack high specificity [and] are subject to cross-reactivity." After this initial screening, it is typical for a more accurate, specific test to be conducted.
In some areas, law enforcement uses on-site kits to collect oral fluid. (It is possible that law enforcement may be required to obtain a search warrant prior to taking this sample.) But it has not yet been shown whether these tests are accurate or reliable, and it is possible a false positive could result from environmental exposure.
It is possible that prior users of chronic cannabis users can test positive for THC even months of years after they have stopped using cannabis; there is evidence that cannabis metabolites can become stored in fat tissue and then be released due to stress or weight loss.
False negatives.
Fat solubility of THC also makes detection in body fluids, which are mostly water, problematic, leading to false indication of non-impairment for users.
Legal standards.
In May 2016, the American Automobile Association (AAA) Foundation for Traffic Safety conducted an extensive study concluding that, "a quantitative threshold for "per se" laws for THC following cannabis use cannot be scientifically supported." Another study has stated that “[z]ero-limit DUID laws for cannabis based on analysis of carboxy-THC in blood or urine lack scientific support and cannot be defended." Despite these issues, some jurisdictions have adopted urine or blood metabolite "per se" or even "zero tolerance" standards.
Europe.
Germany's blood serum (not whole blood like most standards) THC-A limit is 1 ng/mL.
Driving under the influence of drugs is kind of road safety traffic offense information which can exchanged by member states of the European Union in the scope of directive 2011/82/EU of 25 October 2011.
Americas.
In Uruguay, the first nation to legalize cannabis, "any THC detectable in the body will deem a motorist impaired to drive". Reporting has indicated that blood tests would be utilized. Canadian draft regulations proposed in 2017 (Bill C-46) had summary conviction offences starting at 2 nanograms per milliliter.
United States.
Some legal scholarship has argued that "per se" cannabis-DUID laws violate the Due Process Clause under the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution because they "subject drivers to criminal prosecutions without any real culpability."
Federal.
At the federal level, the United States Department of Transportation regulates public transportation (e.g. pilots, bus drivers, and train operators) and commercial truckers. 49 CFR Part 199 and 49 CFR Part 40 set maximum urine concentration levels of THC-A as the threshold for impairment for regulated transportation occupations. As of January 1, 2018, the THC-A testing cutoffs were 50 ng/mL for an initial immunoassay test and 15 ng/mL for a confirmatory gas chromatography–mass spectrometry test.
State.
All fifty states criminalize driving while under the influence of drugs. These state laws fall into three categories: (1) "zero tolerance" laws, which criminalizes driving with "any" amount of THC and/or its metabolites in the body; (2) "per se" laws, which criminalize driving with a "certain level" of THC in the body; (3) laws that focus on whether the driver was "actually impaired or affected" by THC; and (4) "permissible inference" laws, which allow an inference of impairment if the THC blood level is at least 5ng/ml.
Arizona.
Arizona Revised Statute § 28-1381(A)(3) makes it illegal to drive or be in actual physical control of a vehicle while there is cannabis or its metabolite in the body. The statute was challenged as violating the equal protection clauses of the federal and Arizona constitutions in "State v. Hammonds," but the Court of Appeals of Arizona upheld the statute on the grounds that the "presence of an inactive and nonimpairing metabolite of an illicit drug in a driver's urine does not necessarily mean that there is no active component of that drug present in the driver's blood." In a law review article, attorney Joshua Snow argues that the court's reasoning is flawed because "there is no way of knowing when, how, or where the metabolite entered the body,"; thus, "the state cannot prove that an individual was operating a motor vehicle with the active controlled substance in the body."
Medical marijuana patients are not subject to prosecution under § 28-1381(A)(3) unless actual impairment can be shown. In 2010, Arizona passed the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act, § 36-2802, which provides that a "registered qualifying patient shall not be considered to be under the influence of marijuana solely because of the presence of metabolites of components of marijuana that appear in insufficient concentration to cause impairment."
In "State ex rel. Montgomery v. Harris" (2013), the Supreme Court of Arizona held that § 28-1381 applies only to metabolites "capable of causing impairment". In this case, the defendant's blood tested positive for Carboxy-THC, a non-impairing metabolite of cannabis.
California.
California Vehicle Code §23152(f) makes it unlawful for a person under the influence of any drug to drive a vehicle. For a person to be convicted under this statute, the drug or drugs "must have so far affected the nervous system, the brain, or muscles as to impair to an appreciable degree the ability to operate a vehicle in a manner like that of an ordinarily prudent and cautious person in full possession of his faculties." In "People v. Torres," the defendant's urine tested positive for methamphetamine, and there was expert testimony that established that methamphetamine could impair a person's "judgment, focus, and psychomotor skills" so as to make driving unsafe; however, there was no evidence that the defendant's methamphetamine use "actually impaired" his driving ability the night he was arrested. Thus, the California Court of Appeal held there was insufficient evidence to support the defendant's conviction.
Colorado.
Colorado has a "permissive inference" DUI law; Colorado statute § 42-4-1301(6)(a)(IV) provides that if "the driver's blood contained five nanograms or more of delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol per mililiter in whole blood, as shown by analysis of defendant's blood, such fact gives rise to a permissible inference that the defendant was under the influence of one or more drugs."
Delaware.
Delaware Statute § 4177(a)(2) makes it a crime to drive under the influence of any drug. §4177(a)(6) makes it a crime to drive when the blood contains, within 4 hours of driving ""any amount" of an illicit or recreational drug that is the result of the unlawful use or consumption of such illicit or recreational drug or any amount of a substance or compound that is the result of the unlawful use or consumption of an illicit or recreational drug prior to or during driving." Subsection 3(a) of §4177 provides that no person shall be convicted under (a)(6) when they did not ingest the drug prior to or during driving but only after they ceased driving--and only that post-driving ingestion caused their blood to contain the drug. Subsection 3(b) provides that no person shall be convicted under (a)(6) when they "consumed the drug or drugs detected according to the directions and terms of a lawfully obtained prescription for such drug or drugs; however, nothing in 3(a) or 3(b) prevent a driver from being prosecuted under § 4177(a)(2). 
Georgia.
Georgia Statute § 40-6-391 makes it to drive while there is ""any amount" of marijuana . . . present in the person's blood or urine, or both, "including the metabolites and derivatives of each or both" . . . ." Subsection (b) of the statute provides that being legally entitled to use a drug is not a defense to the statute if the person is still "rendered incapable of driving safely as a result" of using that drug.
Illinois.
Illinois Vehicle Code 625 § 5/11-501 makes it a crime to drive or be in actual physical control of a vehicle while under the influence of any drug "to a degree that renders the person incapable of safely driving," (subsection (a)(3)) or while "there is any amount of a drug, substance, or compound in the person's breath, blood, other bodily substance, or urine resulting from the unlawful use or consumption of a controlled substance listed in the Illinois Controlled Substance Act..." (subsection (a)(6)). 11-501(a)(6) creates a strict liability offense (meaning the State does not need to prove anything regarding mental state)--but it does not create criminal liability for a person who ingests cannabis inadvertently or unknowingly. In "People v. Gassman", 622 N.E.2d 845, appeal denied 642 N.E.2d 1291, defendant argued that 11-501(a)(6) violated due process and the equal protection clause, but the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second District, rejected his arguments. In "People v. McPeak", a police officer smelled cannabis around defendant, found drug paraphernalia in his car, and defendant admitted to smoking "two hits" of cannabis one hour prior. But the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second District, found that the evidence was insufficient to sustain a conviction because there was no evidence that consuming that amount of cannabis would result in cannabis being left in his breath, blood, or urine one hour later, there was no evidence of odor of cannabis on his breath, and there was no evidence that defendant was impaired.
Indiana.
Indiana Statute 9-30-5-1 makes it a crime to drive with cannabis or its metabolite in the body.
Iowa.
Iowa Code section 321J.2(1)(c) criminalizes the operation of a motor vehicle while ""any" amount of a controlled substance is present" in the driver's blood or urine. In "State v. Comried", the Iowa Supreme Court interpreted this statutory language to mean "any amount greater than zero"--even if that amount is nonimpairing. In "State v. Childs", the defendant argued that "Comried" should be overruled because it relied on an Arizona decision that had since been overruled by "State ex rel. Montgomery v. Harris", 322 P.3d 160 (2014), which held that the presence of a non-impairing metabolite of cannabis is not sufficient for a DUI conviction. The Iowa Supreme Court, however, declined to adopt the "Harris" rule and instead reaffirmed "Comried."
Michigan.
Section 257.625 of the Michigan Vehicle Code criminalizes driving a motor vehicle with ""any" amount of a controlled substance listed in schedule 1 under section 7212 of the public health code." (Cannabis is listed as a controlled substance.) In "People v. Koon", 832 N.W.2d 724, the Supreme Court of Michigan held that drivers who possess a valid Michigan Medical Marijuana Act card are not subject to prosecution under § 257.625 unless the state can show they were "under the influence" while driving.
Minnesota.
Minnesota Statute § 169A.20 makes it a crime for any person to drive while "under the influence of a controlled substance." According to the standard jury instructions, "There is no set standard as to the quantity of a controlled substance a person must ingest before [they are] regarded as being 'under the influence.' When a person is so affected by a controlled substance that the person does not possess that clearness of intellect and control of [themselves] that [they] otherwise would have, that person is under the influence of a controlled substance. If, as a result of consuming a controlled substance, the person's ability or capacity to [drive] is impaired, the statute has been violated." These standard jury instructions were cited by the Court of Appeals of Minnesota in an unpublished case, "State v. Suber", 2008 WL 942622. In "Suber", the Court of Appeals of Minnesota overturned the defendant's conviction, finding lack of sufficient evidence. The defendant admitted he had consumed cannabis about 17 hours before his arrest; police testified that defendant performed poorly on field sobriety tests; police testified that defendant's eyes appeared red and watery; and defendant's urine tested positive for cannabis. But the court still held that this evidence was not sufficient because the state's drug recognition expert testified that cannabis could bed detectable in urinalysis for seven to ten days after ingestion, the state did not have any direct proof that the defendant ingested cannabis in the hours leading up to him driving, and there was evidence to support defendant's story of innocence: that his eyes were red and watery due to lack of sleep, and that his performance on field sobriety tests was affected by the fact that he had Asperger's syndrome.
Nevada.
Nevada Revised Statute § 484C.110(4) makes it unlawful to drive with 2 ng/mL of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis) or 5 ng/mL of 11-OH-tetrahydrocannabinol (cannabis metabolite) present in their blood or urine.
New York.
New York's Vehicle and Traffic Law § 1192(4) provides that "[n]o person shall operate a motor vehicle while the person's ability to operate such a motor vehicle is impaired by the use of a drug." Courts apply a four-step process in determining whether there is a prima facie case for a violation of § 1192(4): (1) defendant ingested a drug; (2) the drug is one proscribed by Public Health Law § 3306; (3) defendant drove after ingesting the drug; and (4) while driving, defendant's driving ability was impaired by the drug. But there is a qualification to this test where the ingested drug is cannabis: there must be a showing of "substantial impairment". In "People v. Shakemma", a police officer's observation of defendant's car swerving off of the road and onto the road shoulder by half a car width, of the smell of cannabis on her car, and of her red eyes and pinpoint pupils, did not rise to the level of showing substantial impairment. The District Court of New York dismissed state's case for lack of probable cause.
Ohio.
Ohio Statute § 4511.19 makes it unlawful to drive with a concentration of cannabis of at least 10 ng/ml in their urine or 2 ng/ml in their blood or blood serum or plasma. If the person is the under the influence of alcohol, a drug of abuse, or a combination of them, then it is unlawful to drive with a concentration of cannabis "metabolite" of at least 15 ng/ml in their urine, or 5 ng/ml in their blood or blood serum or plasma. It is also unlawful to drive with a concentration of cannabis "metabolite" of 35 ng/ml in their urine or 50 ng/ml in their blood or blood serum or plasma.
Oklahoma.
Oklahoma Statute 47 § 11-902 makes it unlawful to drive or be in actual physical control of a vehicle who has "any amount" of cannabis or one of its metabolites or analogs in their "blood, saliva, urine or any other bodily fluid at the time of a test . . . within two hours after [their] arrest."
Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania Statute § 3802(d)(1) makes it a crime to drive if there is any amount of cannabis, or cannabis metabolite, in the blood. The statute was constitutionally challenged as violating equal protection in "Com v. Etchison", 916 A.2d 1169, appeal granted in part 935 A.2d 1267, affirmed 943 A.2d 262, but the Superior Court of Pennsylvania upheld the statute as constitutional.
Tennessee.
Tennessee does not have a "per se" law for drug impaired driving; rather, Tennessee courts take a totality of the circumstances approach, examining factors such as erratic driving, performance on field sobriety tests, presence of drugs or paraphernalia, and observed behavior such as slurred speech and unsteadiness.
Utah.
Utah Code Section 41-6a-502 criminalizes driving "under the influence of alcohol, any drug, or the combined influence of alcohol and any drug to a degree that renders the person incapable of safely operating a vehicle." Where a person is not under the influence of cannabis to the extent sufficient to be convicted under this DUI code section, but still has a detectable level of THC in their system, they can still be convicted under section 41-6a-517, which criminalizes driving with ""any" measurable controlled substance in the body." (THC is listed as a "controlled substance" under Section 58-37-4's.) In a law review article, attorney Joshua Snow has argued that this statute violates the Eighth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution as well as the Utah Constitution's Uniform Operation of Laws Clause.
Washington.
Revised Code of Washington § 46.61.502 provides that a person is guilty of driving under the influence if, within two hours of driving, they have a THC concentration of 5.00 or higher as shown by analysis of their blood. The state legalized cannabis for recreational use in 2014. The research director of the Washington Traffic Safety Commission has called the 5.00-nanogram threshold "completely arbitrary," saying that it "wasn't backed by scientific theories then, and it's not backed by scientific theories now."
Wisconsin.
Wisconsin Statute § 346.63(1)(am) makes it a crime to drive with "a detectable amount of a restricted controlled substance in his or her blood." (Delta-9-tetahydrocannabinol is a "restricted controlled substance" under Wis. Stat. § 340.01(50m).) § 346.63(1)(d) provides that it is a defense to (1)(am) if defendant proves by a preponderance of the evidence that at the time of the incident they had a valid prescription for delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol. In "State v. Smet", the defendant argued that § 346.63(1)(am) violated due process and the equal protection clause, but the Court of Appeals of Wisconsin rejected his arguments.

</doc>
<doc id="56967282" url="?curid=56967282" title="Via Cairoli (Genova)">
Via Cairoli (Genova)


</doc>
<doc id="56967287" url="?curid=56967287" title="Vincenzo Silvestro">
Vincenzo Silvestro

Vincenzo Silvestro (born 31 July 1998) is an Italian football player. He plays for Mantova.
Club career.
Bologna.
Loan to Pordenone.
On 19 July 2017, Silvestro was signed by Serie C side Pordenone on a season-long loan deal. On 30 July he made his professional debut as a substitute replacing Sergio Sincu in the 48th minute of a 2–0 home win over Matelica in the first round of Coppa Italia. One week later, on 6 August, he played in the second round in a 2–1 away win over Venezia. On 3 September he made his Serie C debut for Pordenone as a substitute replacing Luca Lulli in the 81st minute of a 3–1 home win over Südtirol. On 5 November he was sent off, as a substitute, with a red card in the 90th minute of a 4–2 home defeat against Triestina. Silvestro ended his season-long loan to Pordenone with only 8 appearances, all as a substitute.
Mantova.
On 11 July 2018, Sivestro joined Serie D side Mantova for an undisclosed fee.
Verona.
Loan to Rimini.
On 12 July 2019 he was bought by Serie A club Verona and immediately loaned to Serie C side Rimini.
Return to Mantova.
On 11 August 2020 he returned to Mantova.

</doc>
<doc id="56967300" url="?curid=56967300" title="Lake Shebandowan">
Lake Shebandowan


</doc>
<doc id="56967309" url="?curid=56967309" title="Start Up (PBS TV series)">
Start Up (PBS TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56967317" url="?curid=56967317" title="Lazaro Valle">
Lazaro Valle


</doc>
<doc id="56967319" url="?curid=56967319" title="New Zealand women's cricket team in Ireland in 2018">
New Zealand women's cricket team in Ireland in 2018

The New Zealand women's cricket team played the Ireland women's cricket team in June 2018. The tour consisted of one Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) and three Women's One Day Internationals (WODIs) matches. New Zealand won the one-off WT20I match by ten wickets.
In the first WODI match of the series, New Zealand set a new record for the highest innings total, scoring 490/4 in their 50 overs. It was the highest score in either a men's or women's ODI match. This broke the previous record, also held by New Zealand, of 455/5 against Pakistan in 1997.
In the third WODI match, Amelia Kerr of New Zealand made the highest individual score in a WODI match, and became the youngest cricketer, male or female, to score a double century in One Day International cricket, when she scored 232 not out. New Zealand went on to win the WODI series 3–0, scoring 400 or more runs in three consecutive matches, becoming the first team in men's or women's ODIs to do so. Kerr finished the WODI series as the leading run-scorer and wicket-taker, and was named the player of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="56967324" url="?curid=56967324" title="Antígona González">
Antígona González

Antígona González is a book of prose that focuses on the fictional story of Antígona González's search for her missing brother, Tadeo. It is set in Tamaulipas, Mexico, the state with the highest number of missing persons reported in the nation. Commissioned by Sandra Muñoz to create a work that speaks out against the violence and death being caused by the drug war in Mexico, author Sara Uribe compiles newspaper articles, firsthand accounts, lines of poetry, and the ancient Greek myth of Antigone to represent the searches that many family members undergo for missing relatives.
Synopsis.
Antígona González, a young woman living in Tamaulipas, Mexico, discovers her brother Tadeo has disappeared, likely victim to the drug war going on in the country. She refers to herself and others in her situation as the “Antigones” of Mexico. Like Antigone of the Greek play, they are all in a desperate search to recover their lost loved ones.
Following Tadeo's abrupt disappearance, a distraught Antígona turns to her family for help in the search to find her brother. Instead, her family tells her not to go to the authorities or try to learn any information regarding his disappearance due to the threat posed by the narcos. Desperate, Antígona becomes of one of the many "Antigones" across Mexico, people who are continually searching, travelling, and seeking justice for Polynices: their missing loved one.
Antígona González's story about Tadeo is punctuated by accounts of other "Antigones," based on real disappearances in Mexico. The stories are of varying lengths, some of which are only a line or two long, and either detail a relative's efforts to recover a missing person or describe yet another dead Polynices found in Mexico from a newspaper article
Antígona has flashbacks, mourning Tadeo by recalling their childhood together. She resolves that her brother is dead by reasoning that somehow, if Tadeo were alive, he would have made some attempt to cease her mourning by contacting her. As time passes, Antígona is more uncertain of the circumstances surrounding Tadeo's disappearance and becomes obsessed with the possibilities of what may have happened to him.
Antígona's search for her brother's body leads her to San Fernando, where a mass grave containing 196 bodies likely killed by narcos was discovered. There, she joins a line of other "Antigones" waiting to view a book containing pictures of the dead in search for their loved ones. The book ends with a series of poignant questions from the poem “Death” by Harold Pinter, the answers to which are testimonies by victims and family members of the disappeared. The last question posed in the text is, “"Will you join me in taking up the body?"”, a somber question that both "Antígona González" and the Greek play "Antigone" encompass"."
Style.
"Antígona González" is a book of prose that can be read as a lyric essay or a collection of individual poems. The book is divided into three sections, each including a title that alludes to the contents of the chapter. "Antígona González" has a disjointed narrative, with firsthand accounts from victims of the violence in Mexico and excerpts from plays and books punctuating Antígona's story. The majority of Uribe's sources come from different Latin American variations on the Antigone story, which liken Antigone's struggle to those who have missing or dead loved ones in modern-day Latin America. The compilation of various sources are essential to the informative style of the book; reading excerpts from Antígona Furiosa by Griselda Gambaro, Antígona Vélez by Leopoldo Marechal, La tumba de Antígona by María Zambrano, and Antigone's Claim by Judith Butler within the story of "Antígona González" create a well-rounded perspective for the reader. The sources are incorporated in various ways to create a sense that the book is not about one specific character's journey, but represents a whole group of people. By doing so, Uribe creates a lyrical, journalistic text with a profound and political message that speaks out against the disregarded violence happening in Mexico.
Uribe uses another element of her writing —spacing— to support the language of her book. Using placement of the text to reinforce the disjointed nature of the story, Uribe positions text at the top, bottom, and middle of the page. Large sections of dead silence created by space between passages parallels the isolation Antígona and the other “Antigones” experience. Additionally, Uribe emphasizes a question, quote, or line of a poem by placing it in the middle of a blank page, guaranteeing it will catch the attention of the reader. In "Antígona González", Uribe also emphasizes certain quotes by placing them before a series of related words. Each word in the series, separated by slashes, isolates an individual element of the quote that precedes it, creating a staccato-like and disjointed instrument of expression. Furthermore, repetition, especially repetition of the Antigone story, is a significant element of the book"." For example, the repeated phrase “we are many,” generates a sense of defiance, indicating the strength and determination of the “Antigones” as it is echoed throughout the entirety of the text
In the English translation of "Antígona González," translator John Pleucker makes the choice to incorporate the original Spanish text into the book. Including the Spanish words and mirroring them to the English text ties the translation to the original. This stylistic layout makes the readers aware of the inextricable link between "Antígona González" and Latin America and also allows bilingual readers to compare the translated text to the original.
Use of "Antigone" in "Antígona González".
Uribe utilizes a collection of Antigone stories to connect the narrative of "Antígona Gonzalez" to the other “Antigones” searching for loved ones in Latin America.
The classic, Greek Antigone character is most prominently represented by the titular character of the book, Antígona. Antígona's struggle to recover the body of her brother so she can bury, grieve, and come to terms with his death is the ultimate goal of the novel. However, due to the inclusive narrative of Uribe's book, everyone who loved and is searching for a missing person also assumes the role of Antigone in "Antígona González."
Antígona's brother, Tadeo, along with the missing and murdered people all over the country represent Polynices in this story. In Latin America, the character of Polynices is often identified with the marginalized and disappeared due to the similarities between the Greek myth and the real-life crisis that is happening in Mexico and Central America as result of the dirty war. Uribe uses a specific example of this in her text, comparing Polynices’ body outside the gate of Thebes to the bodies of those found in San Fernando.
The Greek character of Ismene is represented in the hesitation, fear, and pushback Antígona's community voices when she reaches out to search for Tadeo. This fear, which affects many, stems from both the neglect of a useless government and the violence that threatens and surrounds everyone in Tamaulipas and beyond. Thebes, the city in which "Antigone" is set, is mentioned only a handful of times in "Antígona Gonzalez". Uribe states that Tamaulipas is the same as Thebes because they are both cities “under siege”. Creon, the oppressive king of the Greek myth, is mentioned only once in the book as a comparison to Mexico's willful neglect of deaths and disappearances.
Authors have been using the Antigone story for decades as a way to criticize political neglect or violence. Uribe also uses this tactic in her book. In addition to quoting from Sophocles’ original "Antigone", Uribe includes excerpts from "Antígona Furiosa", an Argentinian pastiche from the 1980s that uses the story of Antigone to criticize the mass disappearances under the rule of a military dictator; "Antígona Vélez," which is a radically altered interpretation of "Antigone" that calls for a new government in Argentina; "Antígona, una tragedia latinoamericana", which conceptualizes the Latin American rewritings of "Antigone"; among others. Uribe's incorporation of a familiar story is essential to creating an easily understandable political commentary.

</doc>
<doc id="56967325" url="?curid=56967325" title="Edwin Clark (politician)">
Edwin Clark (politician)

Edwin Clark (born 25 May 1927) is a Nigerian nationalist, Ijaw leader and politician from Delta State who worked with the administrations of Military Governor Samuel Ogbemudia and Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon between 1966 and 1975. In 1966, he was a member of an advisory committee to the Military Governor of the Mid-Western State, David Ejoor and was appointed Federal Commissioner of Information in 1975.
Clark was an unofficial advisor to President Goodluck Jonathan. He is a philanthropist who founded the Edwin Clark Foundation and established a university in his hometown.
Life.
Early life and education.
Clark was born in Kiagbodo, in Ijaw area of Delta State, he attended primary and secondary schools at Effurun, Okrika and Afugbene before completing further studies at the Government Teacher Training College, Abraka. Thereafter, Clark worked briefly as a school teacher before traveling abroad to earn a law degree.
Politics.
Clark's involvement in the political process began during the pre-independence period when he was elected as Councillor for Bomadi in 1953. Clark later joined NCNC. While a student at Holborn College, he was active in the West African Student Union.
After the military coup of January 1966, Clark was among a group of delegates from the Mid-West who opposed any ideas of confederation that were raised at an ad-hoc constitutional conference constituted by Gowon in 1966. The delegation's mandate was Nigerian unity and when proposals of a loose federation were tabled the regions delegates asked for adjournment. He was later appointed Midwestern commissioner of Education and later Finance. As commissioner for education, he was active in the establishment of a Mid-west College of Technology that became the foundation of University of Benin.
During the second republic, he was a member of the national executive committee of NPN and was the Bendel State treasurer of the party. In 1983, he was an elected senator for three months at the twilight of the Shagari administration.
Beginning in 1996, Clark has been a self described leader of the Ijaw nation. He supported the Ijaw ethnic group in Delta State during an ethnic crisis in Warri and has led Ijaw leadership delegations to meet political leaders.
Other Achievements.
He is the owner of Edwin Clark University which was established in 2015. 
The Nigerian poet J. P. Clark was his younger brother. 

</doc>
<doc id="56967328" url="?curid=56967328" title="Urbia Melendez">
Urbia Melendez


</doc>
<doc id="56967330" url="?curid=56967330" title="Miller McClintock">
Miller McClintock

Miller McClintock (13 June 1894 - 10 January 1960) was an American expert in traffic control who developed the "friction theory" of traffic. He became interested in educational broadcasting and was a member of the board of Encyclopædia Britannica Films. He subsequently presented the early American factual television series "Serving Through Science" (1945–47) which showed films from Encyclopædia Britannica.
Early life.
Miller McClintock was born in Cedar Rapids, Nebraska, on 13 June 1894. He obtained his doctorate in traffic control from Harvard University in 1924.
Career.
McClintock was an expert in traffic control. He was described in "Fortune" magazine in 1936 as the top man in his field. He was the director of Harvard University's Albert Russel Erskine Bureau for Street Traffic Research which was funded by the Studebaker company and developed a "friction theory" of traffic that combined with the vogue for streamlining in design to propose the segregation of different types of traffic and of traffic from pedestrians to reduce accidents.
He worked with Norman Bel Geddes on traffic planning ideas that found their way into Geddes's advertising campaign for Shell Oil in 1937 known as the Shell Oil City of Tomorrow. In 1937 he addressed the National Planning Conference in Detroit on the subject of motorways.
McClintock became interested in the role that advertising could play in public education and from 1933 to 1942 he worked for the Advertising Research Foundation and the Advertising Council Inc. He was president of the Mutual Broadcasting Company from 1943 to 1944. In accordance with his interest in education through film he became a consultant to and member of the board of Encyclopædia Britannica Films. He presented "Serving Through Science" on the DuMont Television Network from 1945 to 1947 which featured Britannica films combined with an educational discussion by McClintock.
Death.
McClintock died on 10 January 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="56967331" url="?curid=56967331" title="Bangladesh women's cricket team in Ireland in 2018">
Bangladesh women's cricket team in Ireland in 2018

The Bangladesh women's cricket team played the Ireland women's cricket team in June and July 2018. The tour consisted of three Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) matches. The second match took place before the men's Twenty20 International match between Ireland and India which was played later the same day at the same venue.
In the opening match, Jahanara Alam became the first woman for Bangladesh to take a five-wicket haul in international cricket. Bangladesh won the opening two matches, therefore winning the series with one game to play. Bangladesh won the series 2–1 with Jahanara Alam named as the player of the series.
Squads.
Bangladesh also named Jannatul Ferdus, Lata Mondal, Murshida Khatun and Suraiya Azmin as players on standby for the series.

</doc>
<doc id="56967336" url="?curid=56967336" title="Senator Stone (disambiguation)">
Senator Stone (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56967338" url="?curid=56967338" title="Marvel NOW! 2.0">
Marvel NOW! 2.0


</doc>
<doc id="56967345" url="?curid=56967345" title="1896 United States presidential election in Maryland">
1896 United States presidential election in Maryland

The 1896 United States presidential election in Maryland took place on November 3, 1896. All contemporary 45 states were part of the 1896 United States presidential election. States voters chose eight electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Maryland was won by the Republican nominees, former Ohio Governor William McKinley and his running mate Garret Hobart of New Jersey.
This was the first time that a Republican presidential cadidate won Maryland since Abraham Lincoln in 1864 and the Democrats would not win the state's popular vote until 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="56967346" url="?curid=56967346" title="Pseudoplagioporus">
Pseudoplagioporus

Pseudoplagioporus is a genus of trematodes in the family Opecoelidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56967348" url="?curid=56967348" title="Jay Bolt">
Jay Bolt

John "Jay" Ashley Bolt (born December 6, 1994) is an American soccer player.
Career.
Bolt played fours years of college soccer at North Florida University between 2013 and 2016. Bolt spent time with National Premier Soccer League side Jacksonville Armada U-23 in 2016.
Bolt signed with United Soccer League club Charleston Battery on January 25, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56967352" url="?curid=56967352" title="John Swan (priest)">
John Swan (priest)

John Alfred Swan was an Anglican priest in the twentieth century.
Swan was educated at the Australian College of Theology. He was ordained deacon in 1940, and priest in 1941. After curacies in Nundah and Ipswich he held incumbencies in Gin Gin, Inglewood, Childers, Woolloongabba, Camp Hill, and Indooroopilly. He was Archdeacon of Lilley from 1968 to 1976; and then of Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="56967356" url="?curid=56967356" title="Khavazi Muhamed-Mirzaev">
Khavazi Muhamed-Mirzaev

Khavazi Muhamed-Mirzaev was a Chechen cavalry soldier during World War II who was posthumously awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on 15 January 1944.
Biography.
Muhamed-Mirzaev was born in 1910 to a Chechen peasant family in Alkhazurovo, Chechnya, of the Russian Empire. After graduating from the Novocherkassk Pedagogical School he was drafted into the Red Army.
Military service.
In the early 1930s, after being drafted into the Army he was deployed in the Russian Far East as part of the Border Guards Service of the NKVD. While serving as a border guard he was injured in a fight with a trespasser and demobilized.
In 1940 he graduated from two years of training from the Chief Fire Directorate in Tashkent; he was then assigned as an inspector for the Leninabad city fire department.
World War II.
After Germany invaded the Soviet Union with the launch of Operation Barbarossa in 1941, Muhamed-Mirzaev was again drafted into the ranks of the Red Army. He was sent to the Eastern Front as an assistant platoon commander of the 60th Guards Chernigov Cavalry Regiment in the 16th Guards Chernigov Cavalry Division of the 7th Cavalry Corps in the 61st Army on the Central Front in September that same year. He fought in the Battle of Stalingrad.
While approaching the Mensky settlement of Chernigov on 18 September, Muhamed-Mirzaev picked put his machine gun and led his regiment in an attack. On 28 September 1943, Muhamed-Mirzaev was among the first group of soldiers to cross the right bank of the Dnieper in the Gomel region of Belarus. After entering the right bank he opened fire on enemy troops in order to provide cover to other members of his regiment. After being injured in battle he died of wounds on 4 October 1943 and was buried in a mass grave. On 15 January 1944 he was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet for heroism in battle. His name is written on a memorial plaque in Bashkortostan among the 78 Heroes of the Soviet Union from the 60th Guards Chernigov Cavalry Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="56967362" url="?curid=56967362" title="Confession of the Lioness">
Confession of the Lioness

Confession of the Lioness is a novel written by award-winning Mozambican author Mia Couto. Originally published in 2012, it was translated from Portuguese to English in 2015 by David Brookshaw, and it was also a finalist for the Man Booker International Prize in 2015. The story is set in the 21st Century and inspired by real events that Couto experienced and real people with whom he interacted during his work as an environmental field officer in Cabo Delgado, Mozambique in 2008. His novel portrays the enigmatic crisis of Kulumani, a small village in Mozambique, where the women have become the prey of lions. Couto establishes the story through the perspective of Mariamar, the sister of the most recent victim, and Archangel Bullseye, a hunter hired by the government.
Plot.
"Confession of the Lioness" begins with the funeral of Mariamar's older sister, Silência. As she and her mother, Hanifa Assula, watch the burial, Mariamar reveals that lions have been attacking the women of their village, Kulumani, and that Silência, was their most recent victim. The next morning, Mariamar's father, Genito Mpepe, informs Hanifa that a hunter is being sent in from Mozambique's capital, Maputo, to aid their village. In Maputo, Archangel or "Archie" Bullseye discovers that he is the hunter who has been chosen to aid Kulumani. Before he departs, he visits his brother, Roland, who was placed in a mental hospital as a child. There, Archie confesses that the true motivation for his visits is to see Luzilla, Roland's wife, with whom Archie is madly in love.
Archie leaves Maputo with Gustavo Regalo, the writer chosen to record their journey. Upon arriving in the city of Pemba, the men meet the administrator of Kulumani, Florindo Makwala, and his wife, Dona Naftalinda. The four travel to Kulumani and the next day a welcome banquet is held in the "Shitala," the village's traditional center. The native men are questioning the foreigners’ presence in their village, when Naftalinda interrupts. She defames the village men for violently raping her maid, Tandi, during a hunting ritual and proclaims that they are the true beasts. Meanwhile, Mariamar reveals that she had fallen in love with Archie on his previous visit to Kulumani sixteen years ago. Conflicted about his return, she flees her home. While travelling down the Lundei River, she sees a lioness and believes that it is the spirit of her sister, Silência. Shortly after, she is caught by the village's sole policeman, Maliqueto Próprio, and then her father, afraid that Mariamar will escape Kulumani with Archie, orders her to remain home during his stay. While trapped inside her home, Mariamar recalls her youth spent in the village's Christian ministry. She also ponders her loving relationship with her grandfather, the sexual abuse she suffered from her father, her love affair with Archie, and the connection she feels to the waters of the Lundei and the ocean.
Archie, Gustavo, Florindo, and Genito, one of the village's most skilled trackers, embark on a hunt. Archie sees a lioness but is unable to shoot her. He does shoot a hyena that was carrying the femur of Tandi, the lions’ latest victim. After Tandi's funeral, Luzilla visits Archie, and together the two depart for Kulumani's district capital, Palma. Naftalinda plans to sacrifice herself to the lions, and Florindo begs Mariamar, who was a childhood companion of Naftalinda's, to reason with her. Mariamar convinces Naftalinda to abandon her plan, but when the two women exit Florindo's residence, Naftalinda is attacked by a lioness. Mariamar wrestles with the animal until it retreats. This leads the surrounding crowd to believe that Mariamar herself is a lioness, and the entire village jeers for her execution. However, Naftalinda and Florindo defend Mariamar. After the incident, Mariamar returns home despondently, feeling inhuman and as though she is merely an animal trapped inside the body of a woman. She then goes to lay by the dead body of the lioness. Concurrently, Archie has returned to Kulumani with Florindo who informed him that the lions attacking the town had been killed and that Genito died while slaying the lioness. Archie has been instructed by Naftalinda to bring Mariamar to Maputo with him so that she can be treated at a mental hospital. He visits Hanifa to offer her his condolences, and he then leaves with Mariamar, for Maputo, where his love Luzilla awaits his return. Before they depart, Hanifa tells Archie that there were three lions, and she is the one lioness that remains.
Major characters.
Mariamar Mpepe.
Mariamar is the thirty-two-year-old daughter of Hanifa Assula and Genito Mpepe. She is the only survivor of four sisters. Mariamar and her sister Silencia suffered from the sexual abuse of their father in childhood, and Mariamar was paralyzed from the waist down. She was sent to a correctional missionary, where she meets Dona Naftalinda, then known as Oceanita. She regained the ability to walk but is still believed to be infertile, and infertile women in her village are debased even lower than normal women. She claims to have been the one who called the hunters to Kulumani, much to her father's chagrin. He and her mother shut Mariamar away during the outsiders' visit to prevent her from leaving the village, but she longs to see the man who once saved her, idealizing him as her chance to run away from the absolute power of the abusive men, culture, and society of Kulumani.
Archangel Bullseye.
Archangel Bullseye is the mulatto hunter who is hired by the government to kill the lions attacking Kulumani. He had visited the village sixteen year prior, and during his stay, he had saved a young Mariamar from being raped by the village police officer. After Mariamar fell in love with him, he deserted her. When Archie returns to Kulumani, he is received with suspicion by the village's inhabitants. He no longer remembers Mariamar but instead loses sleep over different memories. He is haunted by the death of his parents, one of whom was shot by his brother, Roland, when the two were merely children. Archie is ultimately ineffective in hunting the lions. His failure can be attributed to the distraction of his love for his brother's wife, Luzilia, or it can be seen as an effect of the mysterious events he witnesses, which prompt him to question whether the lions are the danger from which Kulumani needs rescued.
Hanifa Assula.
Hanifa Assula is the mother of Mariamar, Silência, and two other unnamed daughters who drowned at a young age. Mariamar often describes her mother as tender but harsh. Despite the abuse of her husband, Genito, she obeys his will, takes care of his home, and calls him "n’twangu", a title of respect that all women in Kulumani use to refer to their husbands. While Hanifa appears to be a living person, she describes herself and other women as dead, inhuman, or nonexistent. There are many dark elements to her character which imply that she belongs not only to this world but to the world of spirits.
Genito Mpepe.
Genito Mpepe is the husband of Hanifa Assula and the Father of their four daughters. He comes from a family that was favored by the Portuguese colonists. Following in the footsteps of his father, he became a tracker. He is referred to as “comrade,” by Florindo and the village policeman, and Florindo even invites him to serve as the tracker for Archangel Bullseye's hunt. However, within his home, Genito is an abusive drunkard who raped both Silencia and Mariamar when the two were children.
Dona Naftalinda.
Dona Naftalinda is the first lady of Kulumani, who is married to Florindo. Archie describes her as majestic but vastly overweight. She possesses a strong female personality, which inspires strength within Mariamar. As a child, she lived at the same missionary as Mariamar, where she was known as Oceanita.
Florindo Makwala.
Florindo serves as the administrator to Kulumani, who accompanies Archie on his journey to Kulumani and on a lion hunt. He is depicted as pompous by Archie who notes how he insists that his home be termed a residence instead of a house. Throughout the majority of the novel, Florindo is disliked by many villagers and even his wife, and his main concern is the effects that the lion attacks have on his political career. However, at the end of the novel, his relationship with his wife is restored. He joins her in defending Mariamar from the imminent danger of a raucous crowd of villagers, and Naftalinda remarks that he has once again become the man that she married.
Gustavo Regalo.
Gustavo Regalo is a famous writer who has been chosen to accompany Archie on his journey and record the details of the expedition. Archie describes Regalo as self-satisfied, and his accusatory nature reminds him of his brother, Roland. Yet, by the end of the story, the two develop an understanding of one another and become friends. Regalo's character can be seen as Couto's way of light-heartedly mocking himself. Both are white, glasses-wearing writers, who chronicle lion-hunts in Mozambique.
Historical context.
"Confession of the Lioness" takes place shorty after the end of the Mozambican Civil War. Although Kulumani is not an actual Mozambican location, Couto uses this imaginary village to demonstrate the devastating effects that almost three decades of war had on the country's villages.
Independence from Portugal.
Mozambique fought against Portugal for approximately ten years, starting in 1964. Led by the Mozambique Liberation Front, otherwise known as FRELIMO ("Frente de Libertação de Moçambique"), the Mozambican forces abandoned peaceful negotiations and adopted guerrilla warfare. After a ceasefire in 1974, Mozambique gained independence in 1975 under the Head of State, Samora Machel.
Civil War.
In the wake of Mozambique's independence, many Portuguese colonials fled the area, resulting in a collapse of the country's economy and class system. Mozambique then became a socialist country under its newfound leaders. With nationalism running rampant, most of the four hundred thousand white Portuguese Mozambicans were forced out of the country, and white minorities in surrounding countries also suffered. Members of FRELIMO, who disagreed with the group's stringent socialist policies and persecution of those who benefited from Portuguese colonialism, formed the Mozambican National Resistance, RENAMO ("Resistência Nacional Moçambicana"), with the support of Rhodesia and South Africa. The group began its attacks on FRELIMO in 1976, and their tactics were marked by massacre and mandated conscription of civilians. It was not until the late 1980s that the militant fighting ceased with a stalemate. By 1989, the resources of both sides were severely depleted, and as a result, formal peace talks began. Violence between FRELIMO and RENAMO continued, but in 1992, the two groups were able to negotiate a permanent ceasefire.
Kulumani.
During the Mozambican Civil War, villages like Kulumani were consolidated and militarized, and after the fighting ceased, fragmentation and conflict between tradition and modernity remained, as they do in the fictional region that Couto creates. He illustrates how the preceding Mozambican conflicts of the post-colonial era have spawned further tension between the tribal, Christian, and Islamic belief systems that exist in the region. Although it is not explicitly stated in the novel, Florindo, the administrator to Kulumani, can be seen as a member of FRELIMO, while the tribal men who lead violent hunting rituals and are responsible for the rape of Naftalinda's maid, Tandi, can be seen as adherents of RENAMO.
Themes.
Female oppression.
Couto denounces the patriarchy through the depictions of female oppression that pervade the novel. He develops this theme through the actions and declarations of its three major female characters, Hanifa, Naftalinda, and Mariamar. All three women are both oppressed by men and rebel against that oppression in different ways. For example, Mariamar is demeaned for being infertile and submits to the will of her abusive father. Also, as a child, she was sent to a missionary for the paralysis in her legs, a sickness that can be interpreted as a representation of the powerlessness of women. However, as the narrative develops, her strength is inspired by that of Naftalinda and Hanifa, and by the end, she has become a type of prophet for the women of Kulumani, who speaks of a world that will succumb to disaster without the presence of females. Like Mariamar, Hanifa submits to the abuse of Genito, but despite this submission, the story closes with her cry of redemption and vengeance, as she tells Archie that although it may seem that all the lions have been killed, she, the last lioness, remains living. Throughout the action of the novel, Naftalinda emanates feminine strength by decrying, in the presence of men, the subjugation and violence that the women of Kulumani face. Nevertheless, her childhood illustrates the oppression of women as she was demeaned for the large size of her body and even sent to a missionary to be healed of it. Couto further establishes the theme of female oppression through the lionesses that attack the village. These attacks can be seen as an imitation of the violence that the men of Kulumani inflict upon the women, or they can be viewed as an imitation of the suppressed rage of the women of Kulumani. Additionally, the lion attacks can be interpreted as a means of freedom for the women of Kulumani. By dying in the claws of lions, they are freed from the powerlessness and fear that pervades their lives due to the oppression of men.
Humanity vs. animality.
Although the threat to Kulumani seems to at first be physical lions, as the novel develops, it appears that the actual threat to the village may be the violence of the men within it. The initial confusion of whether man or beast is tormenting the village creates a theme of Humanity vs. Animality. Couto further blurs the distinction between the two natures through the language of the novel itself, often describing the actions of the human characters in the same way that one would describe the movements of a serpent or wild cat. This theme is further established by the magical elements of the story. The lionesses have been interpreted as spiritual, physical, and metaphorical. It is speculated that the lionesses do not consume their female victims, but rather the female victims become the lionesses. Through this transformation, the anger at the victim's oppression, which they have had to hide during their lifetimes, is made manifest through the violence of the lionesses. Female oppression is the central theme of the work to which all other themes and motifs relate. As a result, the similarities between man and beast are also depicted through inhumane treatment of women. The women of Kulumani are rendered beasts by the labors of their everyday work and by the abuse of men. For example, one of the story's most prominent oppressors, Genito Mpepe, threatens to tie his wife up like an animal if she does not submit to his will. In addition, the female characters themselves acknowledge their inhumanity. This is exemplified through the scene of the novel where Archie catches a glimpse of Mariamar and asks who she is, and Hanifa Assula responds that it was no one. Archie replies that he is certain he saw woman, but Hanifa repeats her original response. The theme of humanity vs. animality not only reinforces the oppression of women, but also highlights the consequences of brutal war, as the violence of Kulumani's past war is viewed as the cause of the fading separation between human and beast. Although the lion attacks in Kulumani are most commonly related to female oppression by critics, they have also been interpreted as symbolic of the repercussions of the violence that men inflict upon each other in war.
Critical reception.
Although the English translation of "Confession of the Lioness" was a finalist for the Man Booker International Prize in 2015 and received largely positive reviews from critics, many disliked Couto's use of language. Critics from "Publisher’s weekly, The Quarterly Conversation," and "The Financial Times" write that his language is overly poetic, confusing, and often distracts from the plot. Critic Geoff Wisner from "The" "Quarterly Conversation" adds that Brookshaw should not be blamed for the cumbersome language, as he marvelously translated previous works by Couto. In contrast, other critics remark that Couto's lyrical language is one of the novel's stronger elements. Critic, Ellah Alfrey from "The Guardian" praises Brookshaw for his ability to maintain the “music of the original.” Some critics even comment that the at times the plot is confusing and actually distracts from the novel's enchanting language. In spite of the prior criticisms, Couto is commonly acclaimed for the haunting yet captivating tale he constructs in "Confession of the Lioness". The work also receives praise for its presentation of enriching themes and exploration of issues in post-colonial Africa. Critics from "The Financial Times, World Literature Today , and The Guardian" all laud Couto's ability to defame the treatment of women subtly and in a way that is not exhaustive or overly moralizing.

</doc>
<doc id="56967365" url="?curid=56967365" title="Leonardo Nunzella">
Leonardo Nunzella

Leonardo Nunzella (born 4 June 1992) is an Italian footballer from Brindisi, Italy who plays as a defender for Virtus Francavilla.
Club career.
He made his Serie C debut for Paganese on 9 September 2012 in a game against Sorrento.
On 3 January 2019, he joined Virtus Francavilla on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="56967376" url="?curid=56967376" title="IMO 5345065">
IMO 5345065


</doc>
<doc id="56967380" url="?curid=56967380" title="Burgaban">
Burgaban


</doc>
<doc id="56967384" url="?curid=56967384" title="Morė">
Morė

Morė is one of the main effigies and attributes of the traditional Lithuanian folk festival "Užgavėnės". It is an artificial woman ("čiūčiala"), stuffed with various materials, who is ultimately burned in a bonfire.
She is associated with the winter personification as a Slavic goddess Marzanna. She is burned because once it was believed that it will help to bring spring faster. Participants of the ritual are dancing around the bonfire and shouting "Žiema, žiema, bėk iš kiemo" (Winter, winter, run from the yard).

</doc>
<doc id="56967386" url="?curid=56967386" title="John Hunter (footballer, born 1879)">
John Hunter (footballer, born 1879)


</doc>
<doc id="56967389" url="?curid=56967389" title="IMO 8209171">
IMO 8209171


</doc>
<doc id="56967391" url="?curid=56967391" title="Pincer ligand">
Pincer ligand


</doc>
<doc id="56967394" url="?curid=56967394" title="IMO 8936906">
IMO 8936906


</doc>
<doc id="56967397" url="?curid=56967397" title="Lonicera tragophylla">
Lonicera tragophylla

Lonicera tragophylla, the Chinese honeysuckle, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to Central China, where it inhabits forest, scrub and rocky crevices. Growing to tall by wide, it is a deciduous climbing shrub with grey-green leaves and trumpet-shaped, pure rich yellow flowers in late summer and autumn. Unlike many of its relatives in the honeysuckle genus "Lonicera", it is unscented.
The Latin specific epithet "tragophylla" means literally “goat leaf”.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="56967406" url="?curid=56967406" title="IMO 9733105">
IMO 9733105


</doc>
<doc id="56967408" url="?curid=56967408" title="IMO 9744001">
IMO 9744001


</doc>
<doc id="56967410" url="?curid=56967410" title="IMO 9784271">
IMO 9784271


</doc>
<doc id="56967411" url="?curid=56967411" title="The Age of Reinvention">
The Age of Reinvention

The Age of Reinvention is a stand-alone novel written by Karine Tuil. It was originally published as "L'Invention de Nos Vies" by Editions Grasset &amp; Fasquelle on August 21, 2013, and was later translated to English by Sam Taylor on December 1, 2015. It is an international best seller and a finalist for the Prix Goncourt. The book consists of four parts and has a total of 76 chapters. The audio book is read by George Newbern.
Plot.
On his eighteenth birthday, Samuel Baron finds out he is not who he thought he was. He is shocked to find that the people who raised him are not his real parents and that his real name is a variation of Christ's, a big surprise with his Jewish upbringing. This is a source of great emotional turmoil for Samuel. In his anger, he leaves his parents to attend college in France, where he meets his girlfriend Nina, a beautiful girl born to a broken military family. While at college, he and Nina meet the ambitious, seductive Sam Tahar—not to be confused with Samuel Baron.
Suddenly, Samuel's parents are killed in a car accident. Before leaving to repatriate his them, Samuel tells Sam to look after Nina. After an exam, Nina comes to Sam in tears. Betraying Samuel's trust, Sam and Nina sleep together. Samuel returns and never learns of the incident, but things aren't the same between them. At the end of the school year, Samuel senses their relationship and gives Nina an ultimatum: him or Sam. Samuel, feeling that it is over between him and Nina, tries to commit suicide as a desperate last attempt to keep her. Nina, moved by this final act, stays with him.
Years later, Sam has become one of America's top lawyers and is married to one of the most prestigious families in New York. Samuel and Nina, however, are living among the lower-class. They see Sam on TV, and Samuel pushes Nina to contact him. He is afraid that if Nina could do it over again, she would choose Sam. Nina and Sam rekindle their lost passion, and she leaves Samuel. Sam hides his affair with Nina. But as it turns out, the affair isn't the only thing Sam is hiding. When Sam's half-brother Francois appears in his office one day, his mysterious past begins to unravel. His real name is Samir Tahar. He is of Arabic descent, not Jewish descent as everyone believes. In an attempt to make his half-brother disappear, he creates a foreign bank account to support him. Unbeknownst to Samir, his brother gets involved in terrorist activities using the money Samir supplies. Late one night, Samir is arrested in his home. The United States of America is pressing charges against Samir for funding terrorist activity. His family feels betrayed, and the media spreads the truth about Samir's roots across America. Nina, unaware of his imprisonment, believes that he has lost interest in her, and she returns home to France.
Once Nina leaves Samuel, he is destroyed. He begins to do drugs, and his life seems to take a turn for the worse. But in his pain, he finds inspiration to write. With his first published novel titled "Consolation," Samuel skyrockets into success. But despite his success, he finds that he still isn't content. He is drained by the constant interviews and media coverage that come with the popularity of his book. Upon hearing of Samir's imprisonment, he decides to be a witness for Samir so that he can write a new book about it. But once he sees the state that Samir is in, he is unable to bring himself to it. Despite all the hurt Samir has caused him, he testifies for Samir's case and writes an article in France that helps put the people on Samir's side. After sixty-six days of brutal interrogation, Samir is released.
Once Nina arrives back in France, she is shocked to find a new family in Samuel's old apartment, unaware of his newfound success. She is left to live among the homeless on the streets. When Samuel discovers this, he hires an investigator to track her down. When he finds her at a homeless women's shelter, he tries to convince her to come back. She has gained weight and stopped caring for her appearance, but she finds comfort in letting go of what she used to hold on to so dearly. She refuses to go with him. She wants to live a life of her own.
The novel concludes with each character left with the effects of the life they constructed for themselves. Though they achieved what they had dreamed, they were unable to find happiness in their goals. Samir must start his life anew. His wife has filed for divorce, and many of his clients have moved companies. Samuel no longer has the girl he loved, and Nina has left the life she's always known for where she feels like she truly belongs.
Themes.
Emptiness of Attaining False Dream.
The theme "Emptiness of Obtaining False Dream" is most prevalent in "The Age of Reinvention"'s conclusion. Throughout the novel, each character is pursuing goals they believe will make them happy. Samir is pursuing a successful career. Samuel is attempting to get his work published. Nina is chasing love. At the conclusion of the novel, each finds that what they were pursuing the whole time isn't what makes them truly happy. Samir's career is destroyed when the truth of his identity is revealed. Samuel becomes a successful author, but finds that his success prevents him from writing. Nina obtains the love she wanted, but it doesn't bring her satisfaction. She ends up living in a homeless women's shelter without a companion by the end of the book, but she finds contentment there. Samir, Samuel, and Nina each discover that what they had planned for their lives is not what made them the happiest, and therefore "Emptiness of Obtaining False Dream" is one of the novels overarching themes.
Individual vs. Society.
Throughout the novel, each individual character is battling against the society he or she lives in. Samir Tahar is at odds with society. In his childhood, he fights against his family's poverty by buying nice clothes secondhand from the rich kids at his school. When he becomes a lawyer in America, he finds that a prejudice exists that prevents him from getting a job. Again he must fight against society. He creates a new identity to battle this racism. Eventually, he is sued by the United States of America, and he must fight society yet again. Samuel Baron faces society as well. For a majority of the book, Samuel attempts to become an author and get his works published. His work continues to get rejected, and he lives in poverty. Eventually his work "Consolation" takes off, and he becomes a famous author, but his battle with society only changes. Now, he is constantly bombarded with interviews and press conferences. Because of this, he can no longer spend time doing what he loves: writing. Both Samir and Samuel must fight against society throughout the course of the novel, and thus "individual vs. society" is a prominent theme in the book.
Own Worst Enemy.
Several characters in "The Age of Reinvention" constantly do things that are against his or her own self interest. Samir, for example, has an insatiable lust. Even though he has married one of the most affluent women of the time, he still seeks out sexual relationships with other women. This causes several conflicts within the story. One of the main characters, Nina, becomes his mistress while he is married. When some of Samir's coworkers discover this, they get into an argument with Samir. One of whom intervenes when Samir is arrested, lies to Nina, and tells her she should head back to France. Many of Samir's problems are caused by his own actions, mainly as a result of his lust: for power and for women. Samuel Baron is another character who is his own worst enemy. When Nina initially tries to leave him, he attempts to commit suicide. This initially keeps Nina with him, but it will only harm him later on. The thing that eventually causes Nina to leave his Samuel himself. He is the one who encourages Nina to contact Samir, which results in the main conflict of the story. Samuel is the source of much of his own stress and pain.
Prejudice and Racism.
"The Age of Reinvention"'s central conflict revolves around prejudice and racism. Samir Tahar is of a Muslim background, and he finds that he cannot find a job, despite being from an excellent law school. Once he changes to a Jewish-sounding name, he begins to get interviews for jobs. The rest of the novel unfolds as Samir struggles with his roots. When his roots are discovered and he is arrested for being suspect of terrorism, it causes great upheaval in his life. His wife divorces him and many clients move law firms. This topic was a source of much criticism for the novel (see Reception).
Reception.
"The Age of Reinvention" has been met with mixed reception since the English translation released in 2015. Among positive things, the book was a finalist for the Prix Goncourt in 2013, one of the most prestigious French literary awards. Several articles liken the book to a modern-day "Great Gatsby". In a review from "The Washington Post," Ron Charles simply notes the Gatsby-like qualities of Samir Tahar. Heidi Warneke, however, describes the whole novel as "Gatsby-esque" with the added themes of "prejudice, politics, and racism." Most reviews compliment the initial premise of the novel and what Tuil aimed for with her novel. Charles also notes Tuil's use of style to convey tension and hysteria in the novel.
The novel was also met with much criticism. Although Charles compliments Tuil's style, some articles criticize it. Carmela Ciuraru of "The New York Times" describes it as a "synonym buffet" and critiques Tuil's use of footnotes. Much critique, however, goes to Karine Tuil's handling of racism within the novel. Hannah Beckerman, in a review for "The Observer", criticizes the dichotomy between Jews and Muslims in "The Age of Reinvention." She notes that all of the Muslims in the book get a sad ending, while all the Jewish characters end up well-off. In the journal "Humaniora," Ellita Widjayanti writes about Islamophobia in "The Age of Reinvention". She discusses how Tuil portrays each of the Muslim characters negatively. However other articles, discuss "The Age of Reinvention" as a timely novel that addresses these subjects, not as Islamophobic itself. Some articles note that though they believe the initial premise was promising, it failed to follow through. This view for Beckerman is a result of how racism is portrayed in the novel, but for Ciuraru it was due to its themes.
Style.
Several articles comment on Karine Tuil's style in "The Age of Reinvention". Tuil uses footnotes in the story to provide more background on characters. Each time a character has a brief interaction with a passerby, a footnote is provided explaining some additional detail or motive. For example, Samir passes a bouncer at a club. "Bouncer" has a footnote that explains this man dreamed of being a champion boxer, but instead had to settle for a job as a nightclub bouncer. This provides additional detail on different people—even places—throughout the novel. The reviewers also comment on how Tuil describes things. This is what Ciuraru describes as a "synonym buffet." Tuil writes a series of synonyms separated by forward slashes. For example, Tuil writes, "[Samir] enters the courtroom, frightened/distraught/exhausted."

</doc>
<doc id="56967412" url="?curid=56967412" title="1947 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles">
1947 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles

The 1947 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles was the 14th edition of the mixed doubles championship. 
Ferenc Soos and Gizi Farkas defeated Adolf Šlár and Vlasta Depetrisová in the final by three sets to one. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56967415" url="?curid=56967415" title="IMO 9804306">
IMO 9804306


</doc>
<doc id="56967419" url="?curid=56967419" title="Wawa Inc.">
Wawa Inc.


</doc>
<doc id="56967440" url="?curid=56967440" title="Abel Peralta">
Abel Peralta

Sergio Abel Peralta (born 1 March 1989) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Independiente Rivadavia.
Career.
Peralta's first career club were Independiente Rivadavia, who he joined in 2008. He entered the club's first-team in June 2009, featuring in Primera B Nacional matches against Almagro and Atlético de Rafaela. In his third season, 2010–11, Peralta scored two goals, including his first versus Unión Santa Fe on 21 August 2010. In total, Peralta scored six goals in one hundred and twenty-one appearances in all competitions for Independiente Rivadavia. On 3 July 2015, Peralta signed for Temperley of the Argentine Primera División. Twenty-four appearances and three goals in three seasons followed.
In July 2017, Peralta joined fellow Primera División side Patronato. He made his debut on 27 August during a defeat to San Martín, before scoring his first goal on 19 February 2018 against Chacarita Juniors.

</doc>
<doc id="56967450" url="?curid=56967450" title="List of European open-air museums">
List of European open-air museums


</doc>
<doc id="56967452" url="?curid=56967452" title="List of open-air and living museums">
List of open-air and living museums


</doc>
<doc id="56967455" url="?curid=56967455" title="List of open-air museums">
List of open-air museums


</doc>
<doc id="56967458" url="?curid=56967458" title="Centaurs (film)">
Centaurs (film)

Centaurs () is a 1978 political drama film directed by Vytautas Žalakevičius. The final part of the "Latin American trilogy" ("The Whole Truth about Columbus", "").
Plot.
The action takes place in an unnamed state in Latin America (implied to be Chile). In the military circles a conspiracy is forming, fired up by foreign special services. The action, codenamed "Centaur", is conceived in Washington. The people believe in the president, but the conspirators, headed by General Pin, are gaining strength to organize a coup.

</doc>
<doc id="56967460" url="?curid=56967460" title="Mokaria-Yamoleka Airport">
Mokaria-Yamoleka Airport

Mokaria-Yamoleka Airport is an airstrip serving Mokaria-Yamoleka, a village in the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The airstrip is along the road south of the village

</doc>
<doc id="56967461" url="?curid=56967461" title="Intracytoplasmic morphologically selected sperm injection">
Intracytoplasmic morphologically selected sperm injection

The intracytoplasmic morphologically selected sperm injection (IMSI) is a laboratory technique used for In Vitro Fertilisation treatments. High quality sperms are injected into the egg for fertilization, it is an advanced version of ICSI.
A high powered microscope is used to pick out and the best sperm cells which are then used in a traditional ICSI protocol. In ICSI a magnification of x400 is used, while in IMSI an amplification of 6000 to 10,000 is used, at least 15 times greater. This allows the sperm to be examined in greater detail, including the nucleus which contains the sperm's genetic material. Use of this method has resulted in higher pregnancy and delivery rates and lower abortion rates. IMSI is a good choice for anyone who has failed IVF cycles in the past, and for couples who have a component of male infertility.
History.
Introduced in 2001, the intracytoplasmic morphologically selected sperm injection (IMSI) procedure changed the perception of how a spermatozoon suitable for fertilization (via injection into the egg) should appear. A very high powered lens is used to see the sperm in greater detail during the selection process. The spermatozoon is selected at higher magnification; the aim of this is to improve the chance of pregnancy. The use of high magnification for morphological sperm selection prior to ICSI has been associated with higher pregnancy rates and lower miscarriage rate.
Evaluated criteria.
Spermatozoa can be considered morphologically suitable for ICSI procedures when the sperm head is regular oval, symmetric and with smooth appearance. It should be 4.5-4.9 μm in length and 3.1-3.5 μm. Nuclear chromatin mass should be homogeneous, with no more than one vacuole, or with a total vacuolar area of less than 4% of nuclear area. Also the central part has to be of a normal rectangular shape between 4.0 and 5.0 μm in length. The acrosome should ideally occupy between the 40-70% of the head.
Indications.
Cases where IMSI may be used:
Reliability.
In a study, in which thirteen authors from nine different research centers and ART clinics form France, Israel and Spain participated and brought together a set of 9012 in vitro fertilization (IVF) attempts made in cases of male infertility, 3339 (37.1%) using conventional ICSI and 5673 (62.9%) performed using the IMSE technique. 
In 15.9% of the attempts made using ICSI no embryo was suitable to be transferred to the uterus of the patients; whereas in the case of the IMSE, this failure occurred only in 7.5% of the attempts. 
Disadvantages.
Despite the benefits that IMSI can bring, this technique has two very obvious drawbacks that are making it difficult to spread widely:
For all this, IMSI is only advisable when the specialist considers that the semen has a very poor quality, as well as in repeated cases of IVF or ICSI failures.

</doc>
<doc id="56967462" url="?curid=56967462" title="Hamyang O clan">
Hamyang O clan

Hamyang O clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Hamyang County, South Gyeongsang Province. According to the research in 2015, the number of Hamyang O clan was 35846. Their founder was who was a 5th descendant of . was a founder of Boseong O clan and a 24th descendant of O Cheom () who came over from China to Silla during Jijeung of Silla’s reign in Silla dynasty. served as Zuo Pushe () during Goryeo period and was awarded Jinzi Guanglu Daifu () because he defeated Kitan.

</doc>
<doc id="56967472" url="?curid=56967472" title="Sara K. Dye">
Sara K. Dye

Sara Dye (born 1945) is a physician and surgeon who has worked with Native American tribes in Oklahoma and South Dakota. Dye was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma in 1945 and is a member of both Sac and Fox Nation and the Shawnee.
Education.
Upon reaching graduation of high school, a counselor discouraged Dye from becoming a physician, so Dye decided to pursue a career in x-ray technology. Receiving the highest grade on her x-ray technician exit exams, Dye decided to study medicine again. In 1968, Dye enrolled at Northeastern Oklahoma State University for her undergraduate, where she graduated with a 3.8 in pre-med. In 1971, Dye continued her education at the Dartmouth Medical School in New Hampshire, and in 1975 she graduated with her Doctorate in Medicine. Later in 1983, Dye returned and completed a residency with Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center of New Hampshire.
Career.
Oklahoma.
Returning to Oklahoma, Dye took a position as a general medical officer in Claremore Indian Hospital. In 1983, after completing a residency in general surgery, Dye became the sixteenth practicing Native American Surgeon in the United States, when she was named the staff surgeon at Carl Albert Indian Hospital. Dye continued working there for the next ten years working in research, women's health, and preventive healthcare and as director of the Non-Invasive Vascular Laboratory. Dye also worked with the Indian Health services in Administration/management, and research and training during her time in Ada, Oklahoma. In between her hospital work and IHS work, Dye served on the admission board of the University of Oklahoma College of Medicine.
South Dakota.
In 1994 Dye moved to Aberdeen, South Dakota to accept a position with the Indian Health Service as the chief medical officer. Starting at the same time, Dye became a consulting surgeon at Cheyenne River Indian Hospital. As the chief medical officer, Dye stood on committees for Infant Mortality Study (IMS) and the Perinatal Infant Mortality Review (PRMR). Those committees look into the infant mortality rates of the Native American populations and SIDS or Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
Dye ventured into teaching in 2003 when she took an Assistant Professor position at the University of South Dakota. Dye continues to teach in Aberdeen, South Dakota as a Clinical Assistant Professor with a focus in Family medicine for the University of South Dakota's Sanford School of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="56967474" url="?curid=56967474" title="The Zoya Factor (film)">
The Zoya Factor (film)

The Zoya Factor is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Abhishek Sharma and produced by Fox Star Studios, Pooja Shetty and Aarrti Shetty, with Shah Rukh Khan serving as narrator. Starring Dulquer Salmaan and Sonam K Ahuja. The film is a light adaptation of Anuja Chauhan's 2008 novel of the same name, which follows the story of a girl, Zoya Solanki, who becomes a lucky charm for the Indian Cricket team during the 2011 Cricket World Cup, and the team captain Nikhil Khoda who doesn't believe in luck and superstitions.
Plot.
Zoya Singh Solanki is forever jinxed in her love life and professional life which reach an all-time low when her rich dentist boyfriend dumps her, and her boss at the ad agency grows displeased with her inefficient work. But soon, her luck sends her to Sri Lanka to shoot an ad film with the Indian cricket team. Zoya accidentally meets Nikhil Khoda, the Indian team captain who is a staunch believer of hard work and against his team's dependence on superstitions. When Zoya gets invited to a breakfast with the team, she reveals that she was born the day when India won its first World Cup. This makes the team believe that Zoya could be their lucky mascot.
Her luck rubs off sensationally when the team wins the match in Sri Lanka. This irks Nikhil, who is attracted to Zoya but is also irritated by the media for giving her the credit for their wins. Nikhil is at loggerheads with Robin, the previous captain of the Indian Cricket Team whose uncle is the President of the Board. When the Board hears about Zoya's lucky charm they decide to hire her as their Official Lucky Mascot. Nikhil is displeased with this and tells Zoya to leave immediately. An angry Zoya goes back home. Later, however, Nikhil visits her and apologizes for his actions and also expresses his true feelings for her which Zoya happily accepts. Zoya turns down the offer of the Board and pursues a relationship with Nikhil. To make Zoya return, Robin gives another Ad contract to AWB with Zoya being made the head. Zoya is extremely happy as it gives her more time with Nikhil and is a changing point in her career. Despite trying their best to keep their relationship a secret, Robin eventually finds out about Zoya and Nikhil's affair. He warns Zoya about Nikhil's intentions claiming that Nikhil only wants Zoya for himself so that he can be the star player. Initially, Zoya doesn't believe Robin but after he sends her a video about a previous conversation Nikhil had with a reporter where Nikhil is advised by the reporter to make Zoya fall in love with him by his charms so that she would reject the offer, Zoya is left heartbroken. She confronts Nikhil who tries to tell her that Robin is using her to get to him, but in vain. After Nikhil offers Zoya double the amount of the original contract to stay away from his team, Zoya breaks up with him and instead takes the Board's offer to become the Lucky Mascot.
Zoya becomes a sensation and is hailed as the "Cricket Goddess" as Team India continues to win matches. Zoya is given more credit by the media than the team. Nikhil requests the Board to leave Zoya out of one match which is not very important for the team. Despite being an easy match, Robin purposely loses making everyone believe Zoya is indeed their Lucky Mascot and they cannot win without her. After being made a Goddess for an ad shoot, Zoya comes to realise that even if Team India wins The World Cup, people would believe it is because of her rather than Nikhil's hard work. Realising that both Robin and his uncle have been using her to oust Nikhil from captaincy, Zoya breaks the contract and refuses to come to the Final Match between India and Sri Lanka. Zoya apologizes to Nikhil and wishes him luck for the next day. The next morning, the BCCI calls Zoya a traitor and hundreds of people gather outside her house pelting stones. The Indian Cricket Team are sure about their loss without Zoya but after Nikhil gives them a speech about how each one of them has worked hard to reach here and didn't need a Zoya Factor, implying that they certainly do not need one now. The team plays well and despite Robin's efforts to drown them, Team India emerges as the winner as everyone comes to believe that they do not need a Lucky Mascot for their win. Nikhil later shows up at Zoya's house claiming his love for her and they reconcile.
In the epilogue, Nikhil and Zoya get married and make it a rule to never have breakfast before a match. The Indian Cricket Team finally lets go of their superstitions and believes in working hard. Robin and his uncle are suspended by the BCCI for foul play. Zoya finally resigns from her job and opens her ad agency.
Production.
In an interview, director Abhishek Sharma described the film to "Mumbai Mirror" as "Cricket woven into a rom-com and touching on superstition and luck." The film is based on the novel penned by Anuja Chauhan. She has also written additional dialogues for the film. Initially, Shah Rukh Khan bought rights to film the movie. But since the project did not take off three years after, Red Chillies Entertainment lost the rights and in 2013, Pooja Shetty acquired the adaptation rights of The Zoya Factor. Nevertheless, Khan served as a narrator for the film.
Filming.
Principal photography commenced in Mumbai on 29 August 2018. Dulquer Salmaan joined the cast from 31 August 2018. The cricket sequences were filmed at DY Patil Stadium, Navi Mumbai.
Soundtrack.
The music of the film is composed by Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy while lyrics are written by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Marketing and release.
Initially the release date as 5 April 2019 was announced for the film, which was advanced to 14 June 2019, for a release during the 2019 Cricket World Cup. But finally, it was slated to release on 20 September, post the Cricket World Cup by Fox Star Studios . In February, to promote the movie, Sonam Kapoor changed her social media handles to her character's name, 'Zoya Singh Solanki'. A first look poster giving the release date of the film was released on 23 May. Release of the Sonam Kapoor – Dulquer Salmaan starrer The Zoya Factor postponed from June to 20 September. The official promo of film was released on 24 August 2019 through which the launch date of the trailer of the film has also been announced. The video appears to have been inspired by teleshopping ads. It features actor Pankaj Dheer where he introduce the 'Zoya Kavach' and tells how it helped in bringing fortune in his life. With the unique promotional strategy the makers have introduced some more new products under the 'Zoya Kavach' ahead of the trailer release. Another promotional video was released which features a look alike of Indian cricket team captain who is seen praying to God and kissing his lucky charm – the Zoya locket before getting to the crease during a match. Many promotional videos were released by the makers where people shares different stories about Zoya Kavach which helped in bringing luck in their lives. "The Zoya Factor" was released in United Arab Emirates on 19 September 2019, a day before its India release.
Reception.
Critical response.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. The Times of India gave 3.5 out of 5 stars stating ""The Zoya Factor" is a fun, frothy film that pits superstitions versus strategy and self-belief versus luck. And delightfully uses India's cricket craze to deliver a thoroughly enjoyable, entertaining film". Priyanka Sinha Jha of CNN-News18 gave 3.5 out of 5 stating that "With its quirky premise, "The Zoya Factor" is light and frothy just as romcoms should be, and ticks against all boxes especially the prerequisite combo of a tall, dark and handsome hero and a good-looking yet naïve heroine."
Bollywood Hungama rated it 3 out of 5 commenting that ""The Zoya Factor" is a feel-good popcorn entertainer that works chiefly due to concept, treatment, humour and performances."
The Indian Express gave 2.5 out of 5 stars stating "For a rom-com which needs to be light on its feet, hitting fours and sixes as it goes along, the writing is not as supple as it should have been. Too many slog overs here".
Box office.
"The Zoya Factor" opened to a slow start at the box office, with low occupancies. The film earned about on its opening day and each on the second and third day, taking its total opening weekend collection to in India. It grossed a total of from India and from overseas, the film has grossed worldwide in its final run. With a budget of 300 million, the film was a box office bomb.

</doc>
<doc id="56967475" url="?curid=56967475" title="Wolverine (Logan)">
Wolverine (Logan)


</doc>
<doc id="56967485" url="?curid=56967485" title="Szabolcs Kerék-Bárczy">
Szabolcs Kerék-Bárczy

Szabolcs Kerék-Bárczy (born March 25, 1971 in Székesfehérvár, Hungary) is a Hungarian politician and economist. He obtained a Master of Public Policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.
Background.
He graduated from the English-language class at Teleki Blanka Gymnasium in Székesfehérvár. He also studied in Budapest at the Foreign Trade College of Business Administration, graduating with a degree in 1992. In 1994, he was also awarded a certificate in Public Relations.
He began his career at the Office of the Prime Minister: the Minister of Cabinet secretary from 1992 until 1994, and then the MDF parliamentary group of advisors representing the portion of economic MDF cabinet secretary where he worked until 1995. From 1994-95 he also taught as Assistant Professor at the College of Foreign Trade. Between 1997-98 he worked as a lobbyist for Matáv, and from 1998–99 and returned to the office of the Prime Minister as the Head of Cabinet of Ministers. From 1999 to 2001, he was principal adviser to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and then for three years from 2001 to 2004 in the consulate of the Republic of Hungary in Los Angeles.
From 2004 until 2006, he worked for the Euro-Phoenix Financial Consulting Ltd. where he was Deputy Director. From 2007 - 2010 he worked at the Hungarian Democratic Forum, Cabinet spokesman and head of the Foreign Affairs, 2008-2010, National Board member of the MDF. Between 1997-2001 he served as an Advisory Board members for the Hungarian News Agency. In 2004 he was elected to Parliament in 2004 and taught at the Budapest Business School has been an honorary professor. In 1999, he was a German Marshall Fund Fellow. He has been a regular contributor to national and international issues in Hungarian public life in newspapers and magazines, and is listed as an expert in the electronic media.
In September 2016, on the Paradigm Change show on 168 Óra he made a written critique of his party, the Hungarian Democratic Forum. He then resigned from the party.

</doc>
<doc id="56967486" url="?curid=56967486" title="Matías Quiroga">
Matías Quiroga

Matías Quiroga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56967494" url="?curid=56967494" title="Lego The Incredibles">
Lego The Incredibles

Lego The Incredibles is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by TT Fusion, based on both "The Incredibles" and "Incredibles 2" films. The game was released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment on 15 June 2018 in North America and on 13 July 2018 in Europe.
A macOS version of the game was released by Feral Interactive on 21 November 2018.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is very similar to the previous Lego installments, with puzzles designed for younger players, various waves of fighting enemies and two-player cooperative gameplay. The game allows the player to control various super-heroes and villains alike from both films (including supers that have appeared in neither film but are listed in the National Supers Agency database in the special features of "The Incredibles" DVD release), each with their own special abilities and superpowers. For example, Mr. Incredible has super-strength and invulnerability, Elastigirl can shape her body in many ways, Violet can turn invisible and create force fields, Dash can run at incredible speeds, and Jack-Jack has a large variety of powers, just like in the films, such as turning into a human torch, telekinesis and teleportation, to name a few. The game also includes various characters from other Pixar films, such as Flik from "A Bug's Life", Merida from "Brave", Lightning McQueen from "Cars" and Woody from "Toy Story".
The open-world of the game is set in two fictional cities, Municiberg and New Urbem, which are situated very close to each other. Apart from the typical gold bricks puzzles, quests and challenges, the game adds a new feature called the Crime Wave, where the player travels to a specific area of one of the cities which is under assault from a super-villain and their minions. The player must complete all the quests given by the people in the area to complete the Crime Wave. Usually, the final quest involves defeating the super-villain. There are ten Crime Waves in total and five super-villains to defeat: three from the films (Bomb Voyage, the Underminer, and Syndrome) and two original characters, exclusive to the game (the Brainfreezer and Anchor-Man). Like other "Lego" titles, "Lego The Incredibles" allows players to create their own custom character with different powers and abilities.
The game received a single downloadable content pack, "Parr Family Vacation", which adds the Parr family and Lucius in vacation clothes to the character roster.
Plot.
The game's story closely follows the plot of both "The Incredibles" and "Incredibles 2", though with numerous humorous deviations. The game begins with the events of the second film, which the player must complete before gaining access to that of the first film. There are also several major changes to both films' storylines, such as Mr. Incredible being aided by Frozone in fighting the first Omnidroid on the Nomanisan island (there are two Omnidroids in the boss battle), Gazerbeam surviving and helping Mr. Incredible sneak inside into the secret room, or Syndrome being simply defeated when Jack Jack's power activates and going into hiding rather than dying after being sucked into his jet's engine.
Reception.
"Lego The Incredibles" received "mixed or average" reviews from critics, on Metacritic. The PlayStation 4 version received a 70 out of 100, while the Nintendo Switch version received a 65 out of 100. Push Square rated the game a 6 out of 10 stars.
The game was nominated for "Fan Favorite Family-Friendly Multiplayer Game" at the Gamers' Choice Awards, for "Favorite Video Game" at the 2019 Kids' Choice Awards, and for "Family" at the 15th British Academy Games Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56967498" url="?curid=56967498" title="D'Marcus Simonds">
D'Marcus Simonds

D'Marcus Simonds (born October 20, 1997) is an American basketball player. He played college basketball for Georgia State. He was named the 2017–18 Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year as well as the Georgia Men’s College Co-Player of the Year.
Prep career.
Simonds played his junior and senior seasons for Gainesville. His senior season, he averaged 25 points per game. His team was undefeated in region play and advanced to the second round of the state playoffs. Simonds was recognized with all-region and all-state honors. Coming out of high school, Simonds was No. 72 in the country in the ESPN 100 and was a four-star recruit. He originally committed to Mississippi State, but eventually decided to stay closer to his family and flipped his commitment to Georgia State.
College career.
Freshman season (2016–17).
Pre season, he earned the Cancún Challenge Mayan Division MVP after scoring 39 points for the Panthers at the event. In late January, after tying a then career-high 26 points at Troy—along with six rebounds—and putting up 21 points at South Alabama, he was named College Sports Madness National Mid-Major Player of the Week.
Simonds was named Sun Belt Freshman of the Year in his inaugural season at Georgia State.
Sophomore season (2017–18).
In the pre season, he led Georgia State with 30 points in a win over cross-town foe, Georgia Tech. He was twice named Sun Belt player of the week. On February 10, he scored a career-high 39 points and grabbed 12 rebounds in a win versus Louisiana-Monroe. After scoring 27 points to lead the Panthers to a second Sun Belt Conference Tournament title in four seasons, he was named the SBC Tournament MVP. In the Panthers' First Round game in the NCAA Tournament against 2-seed Cincinnati, Simonds scored the team's first 16 points– finishing with 27 along with 4 rebounds. Despite an early lead, GSU was ultimately eliminated by the Bearcats.
Simonds earned Sun Belt Player of the Year honors at the end of the regular season. He was also named the Men's Georgia College Co-Player of the Year by the Atlanta Tipoff Club. D'Marcus was also named to the Lou Henson All-America team and a finalist for the Lou Henson Award.
It was uncertain whether the sophomore guard would return for another year at GSU or decide to turn pro. On March 4, Simonds officially announced he would remain at Georgia State for a third season. In a statement he explained his motivation to return: “Although we made the NCAA tournament, we also feel as though we have something left to prove. My teammates are more like my brothers and we want to take Georgia State further than it has ever been before and I want to be a part of that.”
Junior season (2018–19).
As a junior, Simonds averaged 18.4 points, 5.0 rebounds, 3.6 assists, 1.3 steals and 1.0 block per game. He was named to the First Team All-Sun Belt as well as the Tournament Team. After the season he declared for the 2019 NBA draft.
Personal life.
D'Marcus Simonds is the son of Wanda and Mark Simonds, and has two brothers and one sister.

</doc>
<doc id="56967499" url="?curid=56967499" title="John Halliday (MP)">
John Halliday (MP)


</doc>
<doc id="56967500" url="?curid=56967500" title="Walter White (character)">
Walter White (character)


</doc>
<doc id="56967504" url="?curid=56967504" title="D′Marcus Simonds">
D′Marcus Simonds


</doc>
<doc id="56967508" url="?curid=56967508" title="Krokstad parish">
Krokstad parish


</doc>
<doc id="56967515" url="?curid=56967515" title="Grettell Valdéz">
Grettell Valdéz


</doc>
<doc id="56967525" url="?curid=56967525" title="Sterculia lychnophora">
Sterculia lychnophora


</doc>
<doc id="56967535" url="?curid=56967535" title="Mags L Halliday">
Mags L Halliday


</doc>
<doc id="56967541" url="?curid=56967541" title="Selma L. Oppenheimer">
Selma L. Oppenheimer

Selma L. Oppenheimer (1898 - 3 October 1988) was an artist from Baltimore.
Education and career.
Oppenheimer graduated from Goucher College in 1919 and matriculated at the Maryland Institute College of Art or MICA, where she studied portraiture and costume design. Oppenheimer exhibited widely in the state, as well as nationally and abroad. She was a founding member and president of the Maryland chapter of the Artists' Equity Association. She also served on the Board of Trustees of the Baltimore Museum of Art from 1961 to 1972.
Work.
Oppenheimer worked in a range of media, including drawing, watercolor, oil painting, and sculpture. Her work is preserved in collections throughout the state, including Johns Hopkins University. A charcoal study of a woman is housed at the University of Maryland Art Gallery, and her portrait of her husband, the Hon. Reuben Oppenheimer, hangs in the Clarence Mitchell courtroom of Baltimore Circuit Court.

</doc>
<doc id="56967542" url="?curid=56967542" title="Hector Lombard">
Hector Lombard


</doc>
<doc id="56967544" url="?curid=56967544" title="The Deep Sea Diver's Syndrome">
The Deep Sea Diver's Syndrome

The Deep Sea Diver's Syndrome is a Science Fiction novel by Serge Brussolo, the first of over 150 novels by the French Author to be translated into English. It was originally published in 1992, and was later translated into English by Edward Gauvin and published in 2016. The surreal story follows David Sarella, a struggling dreamer in a world where dream "ectoplasms" have replaced art. The novel features surreal imagery and settings, frequent use of dramatic irony, and blatant commentary about art.
The novel has been identified as a possible allegorical auto-biography for Serge Brussolo, and has also been compared to the imagination of the film "Inception."
Synopsis.
David's mother is a medium who produced and shaped a smokey substance called "ectoplasm" while she dreamed. Using the ectoplasm, she could form the faces of lost loved ones during her dreams in order to fake seances. David inherits this ability to form ectoplasms, though his eventually become more solid. David and his friend Hugo start stealing from a local junk merchant named Merlin, following in his thieving mother's footsteps. Eventually David and his mother are caught, and he learns to fear the guilt and consequences of theft, which manifests itself later in his dreams of heists. Later, when these bundles of seemingly living organic matter called ectoplasms became popular among the affluent for their beauty, and among the general public for their health benefits, David became an artist with an ectoplasm museum, and began selling his works. Conventional artwork is deemed base and pointless in comparison with this new trend, and priceless paintings wither away on the streets, and hordes of people buy small "dreams" to cure insomnia and illness.
The book begins in the middle of a nautically themed dream, complete with pressure gauges and oceanic hallucinations. David and Nadia, his partner in crime, are attempting to rob a jewelry store using such extravagant tools as the severed hand and eye of the store owner. As David begins to lose the cohesiveness of his dream, objects begin to float, the safe starts sputtering and thumping, and the eyeball floats away. He has to jump through the front window, and is torn away before seeing that Nadia and his other companion, Jorgo the biker, get away safely. He awakens violently in his bed to find that he has produced a small ectoplasm that his museum assigned nurse, Marianne quickly whisks away.
David later sneaks into the museum to see his dream ectoplasm in quarantine, where the museum scientists put it through a battery of harsh tests to verify that it will endure being on display. After angrily condemning the harsh, uninspired carelessness of the scientists, David later visits his lover, a widowed baker named Antonine, who buys his small ectoplasms, "trinkets," to cure her insomnia. David also visits Soler Mahus, the greatest dreamer the world has ever known, whose power was drained after producing such enormous ectoplasms that filled plazas and stopped wars. Soler Mahus is left rambling and emaciated from over exertion, and he warns David that one must never block themselves from their dreams, because it poisons the world the imaginary characters live in. Marianne later finds David and tells him that due to his last dream's poor quality and durability, as well as his difficulty retrieving it, he would be put on leave and recommended for an injection that would keep him from dreaming. David rejects her offer, fearing his dream world would become poisoned and permanently inaccessible. During his medical leave, he is overcome by an incredibly strong urge to dream, and he illegally dives without medical supervision hoping to return with an ectoplasms so large and breathtaking it would dwarf even the works of Soler Mahus.
David enters a very deep dream where the difficulty of his heist is great, meaning any ectoplasm produced would be priceless. He attempts to steal a large painting of living, moving characters, but he is plagued by fear. Right before the group completes the escape, a sudden storm soaks the painting, waking the characters and ruining the heist. David and Nadia flee, while Jorgo is shot and injured. Before the dramatic scene is resolved, David is dragged forcibly out of his dream by Marianne administering an adrenaline shot after finding David asleep and alone, emaciated from days without food. David awakes bedridden and with a damaged brain, and becomes Marianne's secret, illegal patient. Marianne attempts to get close to David, but his hatred for her causes him to desperately search for a way back to his dream world. Upon doing so, He finds his dream world in a state of horrible disrepair, and his role changes from thief to owner and proprietor as he begins to repair his dream town from the damage inflicted by his mental trauma. Eventually, the world begins to bloom with many plants, which causes David to assume that his physical body has died and given his dream one more burst of energy as it decays into nothingness.
Literary reviews and interpretation.
"The Deep Sea Diver's Syndrome" has been praised for its imaginative plot and complex themes in a variety of reviews. While the book's weak points include flat characters and awkward development, it has been described as, "unapologetically compelling."
The novel is noted to have a strong emphasis on the role of art in society. Just as art is consumed in large volumes, David and the works of other dreamers are consumed without concern or abandon. The emphasis on the health benefits of the ectoplasms and the large market for trinkets and baubles seems to be a further critique of the consumerism found in art consumption. Further, the book could also be seen as semi-autobiographical, as a representation of Serge Brussalo searching the depths of his own mind to retrieve something that will please the masses.
Critics have noted that the novel is an effective metaphor for an artist and his or her artwork. David Sarella is the misunderstood artist, whose ectoplasms are not fully appreciated for their artistic value. In this way, the novel is urging the reader to look deeper into art, and try to appreciate what the artist is communicating.

</doc>
<doc id="56967550" url="?curid=56967550" title="Baho!">
Baho!

Baho! is a novel by Roland Rugero published in France in 2012, and translated into English by Christopher Schaefer in 2015. It is the first Burundian novel to be translated into English. The story is set in the fictional village of Hariho, following a young mute boy named Nyamuragi. When his attempts to find a bathroom are misunderstood as sexual advances, Nyamuragi finds himself voiceless due both to his disability and the hasty persecution of his wrongful convictions.
Taking place after the events of the Burundian genocides, "Baho!" grapples with many sociocultural themes and arguments that deal with Burundi's recent problems with cultural identity. As a result, the novel employs many Burundian cultural elements including Kirundi proverbs. Despite its heavy involvement in Burundian culture and history, the novel does not discuss ethnical differences between characters. "Baho!" serves to instruct Burundi on how it can successfully grow as a culture and nation.
Biographical background.
Born in 1986 near Bujumbura, Burundi, Roland Rugero was largely impacted by the violence in Burundi throughout his early life. After fleeing the country with his family on two occasions, he managed to return as an adult to pursue an education and career in writing. Since then, he has worked as both a journalist and author. Throughout his career, he has dealt with political tensions both in Burundian media and the cultural identity problems suffered by his people. As a result, he frequently utilizes in his works a need to publicize Burundian culture and political progressivism.
Summary.
The story opens on the fictional Burundian village of Hariho, with the introduction of a nameless, one-eyed elderly woman. The region is experiencing a dry season, causing the plant life and the locals to struggle drastically. While the land was fruitful in the past, it is implied that the unfortunate state that it is currently in is the result of the selfishness of the Burundian people, specifically the “war of ‘93.”
As the one-eyed woman dwells upon her past, she hears a powerful scream in the distance, followed promptly by cries of rage directed at an unknown assailant. The assailant runs quickly by the woman, and it is learned that the man is the protagonist of this tale, local mute, Nyamuragi. The elderly widow joins in the chase after Nyamuragi as she struggles to comprehend the situation. As she approaches the group, she learns more details of the debacle.
General distrust among the locals has recently increased with a recent string of rape incidents, leading many young girls to have heightened paranoia. Nyamuragi, hoping to spend a peaceful evening at the stream, has been drinking an excess of water and wishes to relieve himself. Seeing Kigeme alone, he attempts to approach her and use hand gestures to inquire where the best place to relieve himself might be as not to offend the young girl. Misunderstanding his intentions, the young girl screams for her life, as she is sure that she about to meet the same fate as many girls her age have met in the past few months. Nyumaragi, fearful of this misunderstanding, attempts to silence Kigeme with his hands so he can buy just a moment to explain his situation. Unintentionally, he only succeeds in escalating her fear. As aggressive and afraid townsfolk begin to appear at the stream, the mute sees no other choice but to run, hoping to buy more time to explain, but he is not fast enough, and is caught quickly.
Nyamuragi, who was raised by an abusive father, developed a fear of speaking at a very young age, which gave off the appearance of muteness. This prompted his parents to endure a series of doctor visits to try and remedy their son's silence. After multiple doctors insist that there is nothing wrong with their son, one greedy and unfitting doctor proposes a “cure” that would involve a dangerous surgery to the young boy's tongue. The surgery, combined with a dangerous combination of oils administered by the doctor, resulted in actual muteness for a young Nyamuragi, leaving him unable to speak even if he so desired. Amidst the war within the country, Nyamuragi loses his parents to bandits raiding his home. After witnessing the horrific event, Nyamuragi decides that if the world he lives in his so cruel, he is glad that he is unable to speak in it. This thought echoes in his head as he wishes otherwise during his capture.
Just as the outraged community has gathered all the resources needed to hang the mute, the local police arrive on the scene to prevent the hanging from taking place. It is revealed that amongst the furious townsfolk was none other than Nyamuragi’s uncle, Jonathan, who has been siding with the crowd in order to buy their trust and prevent his nephew’s murder. The uncle, a veteran in the country’s war, witnessed a man burned alive after the man was not allowed to contest accusations of desertion. With this past experience weighing heavily upon him, he could not see another man killed before being able to defend himself, especially someone who could not speak.
The story closes as the one-eyed woman ponders the state of judgement, and whether or not it is fair, in the world that she lives in.
Major themes.
Time.
The brevity of the novel and Nyamuragi's swift conviction are placed amongst many flashbacks and moral lessons taught by the one-eyed woman. This fluidity of time is rooted in the Kirundi customs regarding the interrelations between the present, past, and future. In this, it is believed that the present is inexplicably linked to both what happened before it, and the effects it will have.
Hunger.
Hunger plays a pivotal role in the daily lives and actions of many of the main characters. For example, Nyamuragi scorns his untimely digestion, as it led him to require a bathroom and thus fall into the terrible misunderstanding thereafter.
In terms of the socioeconomic state of Burundi, hunger is used as sensory imagery to invoke the desperation of the poor villagers to survive. Working with the usage of time as a thematic device, Rugero strongly linked eating to the present, claiming that "hunger becomes a motor that pushes the characters of a novel to transcend time."
Nature.
One of the primary conflicts presented in the novel is that between man and nature. Rugero incorporates Burundian lessons that associate children with nature, establishing a pure relationship that is tainted by the actions of man. In regards to the novel's historical context, this conflict is utilized to highlight the ruin brought to Burundian culture through its violent history.
The use of nature is largely used to define Nyamuragi's character. His age compared to his persecutors bring about a purer sense of innocence that is being threatened by the ruined adults. Nature is also used to define his disability, as both aspects of his being mute are brought about by very unnatural consequences. He is initially rendered speechless after the violence in Burundi results in his parents' murder, and he is physically muted by a botched treatment. In both cases, societal aspects of Burundi are held responsible for the abuse of one of nature's children.
Justice.
The idea of justice in conflict is involved when Hariho suffers an increased number in local rape cases, to which the People's Court Responds with an unjust violence. Their disregard to hear Nyamuragi's testimony is magnified when his physical incapability to do so is considered. In addition to the unjust treatment of Nymauragi in terms of overlooking his disability, this trial also highlights the dangers of rape culture and a level one-sidedness that can effect such court cases.
Allegory.
The primary allegory that Rugero utilizes in "Baho!" ties Nyamuragi to the natural spirit of Burundi that is trying to live on despite the country's past. However, due to the violence instilled in the people, simple misunderstandings are brought to nearly kill the boy.
The many themes elicited in "Baho!" create a collection of conflicting elements that resemble the dualities that exist in current Burundian culture. As Rugero observes, Burundians are constantly striving to do better as a people, but are also quick to spite one another because of their differences. "Living in Burundi is to be constantly ready for a fight..." To Rugero, this in itself creates another duality in how the outside world views Burundi, as many observe Burundians to be entirely peace loving at face value.
This message is reinforced by the work's title, which translates as a command to "live", referring to Burundi's need to move past its violence and distrust and just live peacefully into the future.
Language.
Throughout the novel, many words and phrases are left in their original form in Kirundi. For example, each chapter begins with a traditional Birundian proverb, and the names and dialogue of the characters remain in Kirundi tradition.
In leaving words in Kirundi, Rugero puts more emphasis in their intention. The Kirundi is used to strongly connect the characters and their actions, as well as the chapter's beginning moral and the unfolding practice of it.
Such is the case in the names of the characters. Consequently, the characters' names are in traditional Kirundi, and their translations define the characters themselves. "Nyamuragi", for example, is used to define mutes by their disability.
Style.
The length of the novel utilizes its themes of time to create a fast-paced plot defined by its brevity. At the same time, the novel's style also creates a duality in time, as the primary plot occurs swiftly, yet its interpretation is largely slowed due to the changing narrators and telling of backstories. Rugero acknowledges the novel's pace by joking that if a film adaptation were to be made, it would only be around fifteen minutes in length.
In this, the plot takes on the structure of a traditional epic with the main protagonist being Nyamuragi. In being an epic, an aspect of parode is introduced, for Nyamuragi's call to adventure is the need to use the bathroom.
Reception.
The novel received critical success, enabling its subsequent translations and features in international literary festivals including the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa.
Among its reviews, "Baho!" was reported by Rwanda's The New Times as a "deeply contemplative" piece of African literature that contributes to an international movement of increased popularity among African cultural publications.
Translations.
"Baho!" was originally written in French with elements, including the title, written in Kurundi. Following its initial publication in French, the novel has undergone two major translations.
In 2013, Rugero and translator Giorgio Tognola published "Baho!" in Italian for the Swiss-Italian literature festival, Babel. Published by Edizion Socrates, the Italian translation is sold under the translated title, "Vivi!"
In 2015, Christopher Schaefer translated the novel into English. The project was directed by the non-profit publishing company Phoneme Media, which specializes in translating works with cross-cultural messages. Similarly, Schaefer undertook the translation in order to communicate aspects of Burundi culture to English speakers whose perceptions of Burundi would otherwise be influenced by Hollywood depictions of the similar crises suffered in Rwanda.

</doc>
<doc id="56967580" url="?curid=56967580" title="Ben Bluitt">
Ben Bluitt

Ben Bluitt (1924 – December 26, 2000) was an American college basketball player for Loyola University Chicago, and a coach for the University of Detroit and Cornell University. A 6'5" forward, Bluitt played a pivotal role as a star African American player for Loyola from 1947-50. Bluitt and Jack Kerris were two of the top players on the 1948-49 Loyola University team that reached the 1949 NIT Championship game. Loyola lost in the final, 48-47, to the University of San Francisco.
Bluitt was a star player at Chicago's Englewood High School, and attended Loyola after leaving the Air Force. Bluitt was the first African American on Loyola's basketball team, and the Chicago Defender followed his college basketball career closely. After graduating from Loyola, Bluitt became a teacher and coach at DuSable and Farragut high schools in Chicago.
Bluitt joined the college coaching ranks in 1970 as an assistant coach at the University of Detroit. In 1974, Bluitt was hired as the head coach at Cornell, where he compiled a 45-108 record over six seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="56967588" url="?curid=56967588" title="Mary Huntoon">
Mary Huntoon

Mary Huntoon (born Mary Huntoon Atkinson; 1896-1970) was an American artist and art therapist. The Mary Huntoon Papers are located at the University of Kansas. It consists primarily of her personal correspondences, correspondences as director of the Federal Art Project in Kansas, original poetry manuscripts, speech and lecture notes, photographs or reproductions of her artwork, original artwork, inventories, exhibit catalogs and programs, information on employment and research as an Art Therapist at Winter V.A. Hospital, and family photographs.
Huntoon resided in Paris during the interwar period. She was friends with Stanley William Hayter to whom she gave printmaking lessons in the spring of 1926. She taught Hayter the aquatint process, and the engravings the two produced around this time are comparable in their use of pure line and depiction of familiar Parisian scenes. Huntoon's first exhibition opened on 15 July 1928 at the Sacre du Printemps Gallery in Paris, and drew large crowds. 
Huntoon ultimately returned to Kansas where she worked as an art teacher, head of the Kansas Federal Art Project and as an art therapist. She has a collection in The Newark Museum of Art, Smithsonian American Art Museum, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

</doc>
<doc id="56967589" url="?curid=56967589" title="The Core of the Sun">
The Core of the Sun

The Core of the Sun is a "Finnish weird" novel by Johanna Sinisalo, originally published in 2013 with the title "Auringon ydin". It was translated into English by Lola Rogers in 2016.
It follows a young, misunderstood woman in the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland, seeking her missing sister, Manna, and her next fix of illegal chiles—by any means necessary.
The novel's structure is unique, switching between the perspective of Vanna and another character, Jare, as well as Vanna's letters to her sister, and various definitions, acts of legislation, and other background information.
"The Core of the Sun" won the 2017 Prometheus award for Best Novel.
Plot summary.
The Eusistocratic Republic of Finland holds their citizens' health above all else, even to an extreme measure. Men and women deemed unfit ("minus men" and "neuterwomen", or "morlocks"; as opposed to the acceptable "mascos" and "femiwomen", or "eloi") are not allowed to reproduce or participate fully in society. The novel follows Vera, renamed Vanna by the government, a morlock that has been raised by her grandmother, Aulikki, as an eloi to provide her more opportunities in life. This disguised morlock combats her oppression and the pain of losing her missing sister, Mira/Manna, by ingesting illegal chile peppers that she obtains with the help of her partner, Jare.
Mira, renamed Manna by the government of Finland, is a true eloi and serves as a model for Vanna's behaviors. She goes missing after marrying Harri Nissila and moving back to her childhood home of Neulapää. Harri is found guilty of her murder after her hair and blood are found in the trunk of his car, but Manna's body is never found. This leaves Vanna with a sense of unrest, which leads to her chili pepper addiction.
Jare, a former farmhand at Vanna and Manna's childhood home of Neulapää, becomes Vanna's partner in crime after discovering her true nature. He loves Vanna, and helps her obtain the chile peppers she desires, maintain her image as an innocent eloi, and tries to help find Manna after her mysterious disappearance—putting himself in danger at every juncture. As the government begins to crack down and chile pepper suppliers run dry, Jare discovers a drug ring fronting as a religious group—the Gaians.
The Gaians consist of three members: Mirko, Valtteri, Terhi. After their business takes off, Vanna and Jare get married and move back to the farm at Neulapää. The Gaians conclude that their profits would be maximized by moving their business to Neulapää to grow their own chili peppers. Although it appears the Gaians are interested in lucrative gain, their true intentions are to create a hybrid chili pepper that allows the capso to transcend their physical body, similar to shamanism. This is achieved when Vanna ingests a pepper named "The Core of the Sun". She has an out-of-body experience where she momentarily becomes one with the world. While Vanna is transcending, Jare is out making a drug deal with a man who responded to his advertisement in the paper. The man, however, pulls a fast one on Jare, physically assaults him, and steals the pepper. Jare leaves the deal in a hurry, suspecting the man was a part of the Finnish government. He rushes back to the farm and orders everyone to leave. Upon departure, the Gaians leave Neulapää, and give Vanna one last dose of The Core of the Sun.
The story culminates when Harri is released from prison and seeks out Jare and Vanna to exact revenge for leading the authorities to him. This happens after Vanna has already ingested her last dose of The Core of the Sun, allowing her to invade Harri's thoughts and prevail against him as well as find out where her sister is. Vanna is then able to find Manna, releasing her from her physical body to join Vanna in her mind where they become Mira and Vera, together as one.
Influences.
Chili peppers.
Although the nature of chili peppers in "The Core of the Sun" largely differs from how they are viewed in reality, much of the information about chili peppers found in the novel is accurate. In the Afterword of the novel, Johanna Sinisalo thanks Jukka "Fatalii" Kilpinen for enhancing her knowledge of chili peppers by extending an invitation to his farm. There, she sampled and grew an assortment of peppers. Working with chili peppers allowed Sinisalo to understand factors such as the Scoville rating which is determined by capsaicinoids. The Scoville scale measures the spiciness (heat) of the pepper. One can explore the Scoville ratings, health benefits, and growing techniques of peppers on Kilpinen's website.
In "The Core of the Sun" Afterword, Sinisalo describes the Transcendental Capsaicinophilic Society as "a real, though somewhat tongue-in-cheek, group that can be found on the Internet". A Google search reveals a certifiable, chili-pepper cult. Under the "Chants and Rituals" tab, one can find the "Litany Against Pain" which is referenced several times throughout the novel in a prayer-like manner. Vanna recites this poem to herself as she suffers from chili pepper withdrawals:
Teach me, chile, and I shall Learn.
Teach me, chile, and I shall Escape.
Focus my eyes, chile, and I shall See.
Consume more chiles.
I feel no pain, for the chile is my teacher.
I feel no pain, for the chile takes me beyond myself.
I feel no pain, for the chile gives me sight.
Eugenics.
Sinisalo incorporates informational blurbs and definitions as part of the narrative to provide background information about the setting of the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland. In one excerpt, she draws from a fictitious book called "A Short History of the Domestication of Women" in which Sinisalo summarizes and explains the research of Dmitry Belyayev on the domestication of foxes as a basis for the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland's domestication of women. Belyayev's experiments actually took place beginning in 1959, and involved breeding foxes with the goal of "recreating the evolution of wolves into dogs". Over several generations of foxes, Belyayev's team only allowed those that exhibited favorable reactions towards humans to reproduce. Arguably the most remarkable observation made of these experiments was how short an amount of time it took to reduce and eradicate what were considered unfavorable traits in the foxes. Another observation was the physical change between the generations, with foxes taking on certain characteristics of dogs. Sinisalo uses these observations as foundation for the laws that the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland enforces to ensure the "positive racial hygiene" of its citizens. According to the Afterword of the novel, her research into Belyayev was done through Tiina Raevaara's book "Koiraksi ihmiselle" ("On Dogs and Humans", Teos, 2001) as well as a "National Geographic" article.
Feminist themes.
"The Core of the Sun", despite being a hybrid of several genres and portraying several different themes, can undoubtedly be labelled as a feminist novel.
Vanna vs. Manna.
Manna represents society's expectations of femiwomen/elois in the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland. She, and other elois, are restricted by the government, and are forced to act, feel, look and talk a certain way. Education for elois is centered on appearance, being a good wife, and raising children. Manna's husband takes advantage of her naiveté by confining her to their house through abuse and objectifies her by selling her into sex trafficking. Elois are already harshly oppressed, but Sinisalo takes it even further by making Manna's husband an amalgamation of the worst kinds of men. Sex trafficking and domestic abuse are issues that women may face in today's society.
Vanna's character is complex in the way that she is more intelligent than the stereotypical eloi, but recognizes that success for a woman is determined by femininity. She chooses to pretend to be an eloi, avoiding the exclusion from society that obvious morlocks experience, despite resenting the expectations placed on eloi to dress and act a certain way. Because Vanna is able to recognize the constraints of gender roles and sexism, she uses her femininity to her advantage, tricking men into believing she is less intelligent and helpless, while actually being clever and self-educated. She represents women who recognize sexism and use it to their advantage.
Vanna wishes nothing but happiness for her sister, but Manna is plagued by jealousy when her first crush, Jare, appears to show interest in Vanna. In contrast to Vanna, Manna is a true eloi, and believes that having all the desirable qualities eloi are expected to have will being her love and happiness. Vanna tries her best to let her sister shine, but her subtlety wins her the attention Manna wishes to have. After leaving home, Manna rushes into a marriage after to prove her superiority over Vanna. This marriage eventually leads to her demise, leaving Vanna feeling guilty for being the cause of Manna's jealousy. Vanna has only love for her sister, but the societal expectations placed on the sisters leads to a one-sided sibling rivalry. This is significant because it shows how women are pitted against each other not because of their instinctual feelings, but due to outside sources influencing the way they feel about each other.
Diction.
Sinisalo uses terms to differentiate between the types of women and men, dictated by the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland. These terms are used to oppress their female citizens by confining them to two groups: elois and morlocks, neither of which allow for any kind of individuality or autonomy. While men are also split between mascos and minus-men, these definitions are not explored as deeply as the female categorizations since the female characters are the focus of the novel. Definitions such as elois and morlock are inspired by H. G. Wells "The Time Machine".
Eloi.
Sinisalo defines an eloi as the slang word for a "femiwoman", which refers to the "sub-race of females who are active on the reproductive market and are distinguished by their dedication to the overall advancement of the male sex". Elois are the more feminine of the two categorizations of female, and are forced to wear corsets, makeup, and are defined by their sexuality. The sole purpose of an eloi's life is to take care of and reproduce with men. Their education consists only of skills to make them the best wives possible; they learn only things that help them to cook, clean, and provide comfort for their future husbands. Elois are representative of the most sexist, traditionalist view of women: domestic, submissive, and ultra-feminine.
Morlock.
In "The Core of the Sun", morlocks are defined as a slang term for a "neuterwoman", which refers to the "sub-race of females who, owing to physical limitations (infertility, etc.), are excluded from the mating market...a disposable segment of society whose use is limited mainly to serving as a reserve labor force for routine tasks". This definition is very blunt in its dismissal of morlocks as disposable and serves as a clear explanation as to why Vanna has gone to so much trouble to pass as an eloi. While the definition seems to claim that morlocks are naturally sterile, Sinisalo later introduces a character named Terhi that was raised as a morlock and sterilized by the government. Terhi and morlocks in general represent an extreme characterization of women that don’t fit the ideals of femininity in society are dismissed and considered lesser than women seen as traditionally feminine.

</doc>
<doc id="56967599" url="?curid=56967599" title="Montreal Student Space Associations">
Montreal Student Space Associations

The Montreal Student Space Associations (MSSA; French: Associations Etudiantes Spatiales de Montreal) are a group of student aerospace associations across Quebec universities.
History.
In July 2017, a committee of students from Concordia and McGill Universities united under the common goal of promoting space related discussions and awareness to the public through a conference taking place during World Space Week: the Montreal Space Symposium (MSS). Following this collaborative effort, other schools and teams across Montreal joined the committee, and formed together the Montreal Student Space Associations.
The first conference being a success, the group formalized its existence by becoming the Montreal chapter of the Canadian Space Society, and pursuing its outreach effort throughout the rest of the year. The mandate of the MSSA is threefold:
Composition.
Concordia University:
McGill University:
École Polytechnique de Montréal:
École de Technologie Supérieure:
Université de Sherbrooke:

</doc>
<doc id="56967604" url="?curid=56967604" title="1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles">
1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles

The 1948 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles was the 15th edition of the mixed doubles championship. 
Dick Miles and Thelma Thall defeated Bohumil Váňa and Vlasta Pokorna-Depetrisová in the final by three sets to two. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56967606" url="?curid=56967606" title="Bus–DeMeo taxonomy">
Bus–DeMeo taxonomy


</doc>
<doc id="56967609" url="?curid=56967609" title="Australian catholic historical society">
Australian catholic historical society


</doc>
<doc id="56967613" url="?curid=56967613" title="Humphreys-Davidson limit">
Humphreys-Davidson limit


</doc>
<doc id="56967615" url="?curid=56967615" title="Five-string guitar (disambiguation)">
Five-string guitar (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56967620" url="?curid=56967620" title="ORCA (Quantum Chemistry Program)">
ORCA (Quantum Chemistry Program)


</doc>
<doc id="56967626" url="?curid=56967626" title="Jeffrey M. Wooldridge">
Jeffrey M. Wooldridge


</doc>
<doc id="56967628" url="?curid=56967628" title="BattleWheels">
BattleWheels

BattleWheels is a 1993 first-person vehicular combat video game developed by Beyond Games and published by Atari Corporation in North America and Europe exclusively for the Atari Lynx. The first project to be created by Beyond Games, the game takes place in a dystopian future where civilization has been reduced to a "Mad Max"-inspired landscape and players take the wheel of heavily armed and armored cars called Hi-Tech in order to compete against either computer-controlled opponents or other human players using the Lynx's ComLynx system in matches set across multiple post-apocalyptic locations.
"BattleWheels" was conceived by Beyond Games founder Kris N. Johnson, who had the idea of developing a vehicular combat game along with his colleagues after playing several multiplayer titles on the Lynx such as "Warbirds", which would later become a source of inspiration for the project alongside Steve Jackson Games' "Car Wars". After the release of the platform in 1989, Kris Johnson contacted Atari Corp. in order to pitch them titles that focused on the console's multiplayer aspect. They later agreed and signed Kris' company as a licensed developer for the Lynx.
"BattleWheels" was released to positive reception from critics, who praised the pseudo-3D visuals, sound design, gameplay and multiplayer for up to six people, although the lack of in-game music during matches was noted as a negative point. Updated conversions for both the Atari Jaguar and PC were in development but never released. Although it never received a direct sequel, Beyond Games would go on to develop "Redline" and "Motor Mayhem" for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2 respectively, which are considered spiritual successors to the game.
Gameplay.
"BattleWheels" is a first-person vehicular combat game similar to "Interstate '76" and "Twisted Metal" where players assume the role of warriors taking the wheel of heavily-armored automobiles in an attempt to kill other opponents at the titular sport to emerge as a winning victor of the match. The game takes place in a post-apocalyptic dystopia on the year 2019, where the world has been reduced to a "Mad Max"-inspired setting and humanity has now turned towards more violent sports for entertainment as a result of both technological advancements and nationwide reorganization of the political structure that led to the creation of new kinds of sports, with the titular BattleWheels being the most popular of all. This arena-based combat sport pits up to six warriors dueling each other and driving heavily-armored vehicles named Hi-Tech in order to kill the other opponents to emerge victorious. 
There are only two modes of play to choose from at the main menu: "Action" is arcade-style mode that allows players to select a prebuilt car and battle against rivals in a successive manner across several locations. "Custom" mode, as the name implies, let the players customize their own vehicle with new parts, engine, weapons and other improvements that are bought with cash obtained after winning a match, although there is the choice of building a new car from the ground up or buy a prebuilt model before starting, among other options. Prior to starting a match in either mode, players have the option of choosing an arena to battle in and adjust multiple default settings such as the difficulty level for AI-controlled opponents, their number during single-player, number of kills to be reached, and player character. Controlling the vehicle is done with the D-pad; Up and down accelerates or decelerates the car respectively, while left and right turns its direction. The A button fires the currently selected weapon and changing between other weapons is executed by holding down Option 1 and pressing the direction where said weapon was located on the car, but holding down the button on its own toggles between weapons as well. The B button shows the map radar that displays the location of rivals on the current area and holding it down changes between multiple views by pressing the desired direction, while pressing up when holding down the button informs how much damage the vehicle has sustained.
The game also incorporates first-person shooter elements, as players can exit out of the vehicle by holding down Option 2 and their player character are still armed with two weapons for offensive or defensive purposes against opponents. While on foot, players can also hijack empty rival vehicles and collect moneybags on the arena, which is only possible when playing in "Custom" mode. However, being on foot is also risky, as the player's character can be hit by a running car, although they can be dodged by holding Option 2 and pressing any direction. The vehicle will catch fire after sustaining too much damage, leaving it unusable for the rest of the match and players must get out as a result. Pausing the game stops the battle and the pause screen displays the player's current status in the match. Up to six players can compete against each other by connecting six Atari Lynx units via the system's ComLynx port during the title screen in either single or team deathmatches.
Development and release.
Beyond Games was established between 1991 and 1992 by Kris N. Johnson, an avid video game player and self-taught programmer who had aspirations of entering into the video game industry during the 1980s. Kris Johnson began coding with Atari BASIC on the Atari 8-bit family and slowly built an understanding in how to program games and despite reaching several companies to publish his works, none of them ever reached the market after multiple unsuccessful attempts. Kris also sent various letters to Nintendo and Sega in order to obtain a development kit for developing titles on their systems, but neither replied to his inquiries. After Atari Corporation released the Atari Lynx in 1989, he took an interest towards the system and proceeded to contact Atari Corp in order to propose them several projects that focused on the console's multiplayer capabilities, which they eventually agreed to and offered Kris a development kit for US$1000, becoming a licensed developer for the platform in the process despite his lack of professional experience in the field. Prior to his venture in video game development, however, Kris was also the owner of a nightclub during his youth along with a colleague that would later part ways with him. It also served as a mean of recruiting staff for his company, among them being future WildWorks CEO Clark Stacey and designer Tim Huntsman, both of which would later play a role during the creation of "BattleWheels".
At Beyond Games, Kris developed various multiplayer prototype titles for the Atari Lynx on his own during the day before bringing them along with several Lynx units for testing purposes with colleagues on his nightclub. He and his friends played various games on the platform such as Epyx's "Todd's Adventures in Slime World" and Atari's "Warbirds", with the latter serving as a source of ideas for him due to its showcase of the console's multiplayer capabilities that would lead to the conception of "BattleWheels" as a result. Kris desired to develop a vehicular combat game project after obtaining a development kit for the system and Huntsman, who is also an avid tabletop player of games like "Car Wars", offered his help in developing the project. Kris intended the title to be easy to play but hard to master for both casual and hardcore players, in addition to pushing the hardware as much as he could from the beginning of its development in terms of graphics and multiplayer.
The programming and sound effects of "BattleWheels" were handled solely by Kris, while the hand-drawn graphics were created by artist Lorin Nelson and the cover art for packaging was drawn by Curt Hatch. Both Curtis Coalson and Huntsman composed the music, while the latter designed more arenas and wrote the instruction manual after joining the company. The game spent half a year being tested by Kris and his colleagues, along with a group of volunteers who were recruited via online forum posts in order to refine its gameplay before release.
"BattleWheels" was first showcased to attendees at the Consumer Electronics Show in 1993 and planned to be released in early 1994, with Huntsman promoting the game disguised as one of the playable characters to positive reception before being released to the general public on the same year late into the life span of the Lynx, becoming the first commercially released game to be created by Beyond Games.
Reception.
In their June 1993 issue, "GameFan" gave positive remarks to the title in regards of its visuals and compared it with "Warbirds".
"BattleWheels" has been met with positive reception from critics since its release. Chris Bieniek wrote in "VideoGames &amp; Computer Entertainment" that "BattleWheels" effectively combines elements from "Warbirds", BattleTech Centers, and the "Mad Max" film series. While highly praising the scaling effects and effective implementation of the Comlynx, his review focused mainly on the numerous features and resulting depth of the gameplay, noting elements such as the use of stereo sound to clue the player in to the locations of opponents and missiles, the customizable weapons setup, and ability to obscure the windshields of opponents. He summed up that "Though it sounds contradictory to the theme of ... a fast-paced, violent game, "Battlewheels" is also a game of subtlety," and gave it a 9 out of 10. While "GamePro"s Boss Music was also impressed with the graphics and features, he felt the gameplay was too repetitive to sustain interest during the single-player mode, especially with the lack of music. He recommended gamers buy it only if they had someone else to play it with. Robert Jung reviewed the game which was published to IGN Entertainment. In his final verdict he went on to say "the best implementation of the "Car Wars" idea I've ever seen on any computer or video game console." Giving the game 9 out of 10.
Legacy.
After the release of "BattleWheels" on the Atari Lynx, Atari Corporation was impressed with the work of Beyond Games and Gary Tramiel invited Kris Johnson, whose company was preparing to move into another platform to develop new projects, in seeing their new upcoming home video game console that would later become the Jaguar and after Kris became intrigued by the hardware specifications during this invitation, his company was signed by Atari Corp. to be one of the first third-party developers for the console and an updated conversion of the game was intended to be one of their first titles for the platform alongside "Ultra Vortek".
"BattleWheels" for the Jaguar was repeatedly touted to be an upcoming title for the platform that was being developed by Beyond Games, with plans to be released in 1994 before being pushed back for 1995. After the completion of "Ultra Vortek", Tim Huntsman stated in a 1995 interview with online magazine "Atari Explorer Online" at E3 1995 that "BattleWheels" was intended to be their next follow-up project on the Jaguar, with plans to be also released on PC and now scheduled for a Q2 1995 release. However, neither version was ever completed and released to the general public for unknown reasons, though cover art and screenshots of the PC port do exist.
Despite not receiving a direct sequel, Beyond Games would later create "Redline" and "Motor Mayhem" for Windows and PlayStation 2 respectively, which are spiritual successors to the game.

</doc>
<doc id="56967634" url="?curid=56967634" title="Charles Arkell">
Charles Arkell

Charles Swynfren Carnegie Arkell (1905-1968) was an Anglican priest.
Arkell was educated at the Australian College of Theology. He was ordained deacon in 1929, and priest in 1930. After a curacy in Ipswich he joined the Bush Brotherhood. Arkell served at Charleville, Gin Gin and Keppel. During World War II he served with the AIF as a Chaplain. On 7 April 1941 he was captured at Derna, Libya by the Afrika Korps with the 2/15th Battalion (Australia). When peace returned he became Rector of Sherwood. He was Archdeacon of Lilley from 1963 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="56967641" url="?curid=56967641" title="Rebecca Garcia (computer programmer)">
Rebecca Garcia (computer programmer)

Rebecca Garcia is an American computer programmer from New York City, who co-founded CoderDojo NYC, a network of programming clubs for young people in Long Island, New York.
Garcia worked as a developer at Do Something, a US-based non-profit youth organization for social change. She was later the chief technical officer of Greatist, a health fitness and wellness media startup, where she was an advocate for Girls Who Code and Iridescent. Garcia currently works as the program manager for Microsoft's Tech Jobs Academy, where she works to help underrepresented New Yorkers get into the information technology field.
In 2013 Garcia received a White House Champion of Change award for Tech Inclusion. in 2016 she was named as Hispanicize’s STEM Star.

</doc>
<doc id="56967644" url="?curid=56967644" title="Bruno Rodriguez (tennis)">
Bruno Rodriguez (tennis)


</doc>
<doc id="56967645" url="?curid=56967645" title="Stuff Dutch People Like">
Stuff Dutch People Like

Stuff Dutch People Like (est. in 2011) is an English-language website and Facebook page about Dutch culture. The website describes in a humorous way typical Dutch customs, traditions and habits, seen from the eyes of a foreigner.
History.
Stuff Dutch People Like was created as a blog in 2011 by Canadian Colleen Geske. The blog was originally created for the entertainment of expats and internationals living in the Netherlands, but has since become especially popular among Dutch people. It covered such topics as Dutch chocolate sprinkles (hagelslag), liquorice, herring, Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet, unique Dutch swear words, Dutch greetings (three kisses) and Dutch birthday celebrations. In 2013, Stuff Dutch People Like published their first book in the series. The topic of Dutch directness is extensively covered in the series.
Books.
Stuff Dutch People Like has published 5 books on the topic of Dutch culture covering Dutch culture, motherhood, language and cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="56967646" url="?curid=56967646" title="Dongbok O clan">
Dongbok O clan

Dongbok O clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Hwasun County, South Jeolla Province. According to the research in 2015, the number of Dongbok O clan was 72394. Their founder was . was a descendant of O Cheom () who came over from China to Silla during Jijeung of Silla’s reign in Silla dynasty. was appointed as Prince of Dongbok () during Gojong of Goryeo’s reign in Goryeo dynasty and began Dongbok O clan.

</doc>
<doc id="56967649" url="?curid=56967649" title="Muse, Burma">
Muse, Burma


</doc>
<doc id="56967651" url="?curid=56967651" title="Old, New, Borrowed, And Blue (Paul Carrack album)">
Old, New, Borrowed, And Blue (Paul Carrack album)


</doc>
<doc id="56967667" url="?curid=56967667" title="Frederick Douglass High School (Oklahoma City)">
Frederick Douglass High School (Oklahoma City)


</doc>
<doc id="56967681" url="?curid=56967681" title="Frederick A. Douglass High School (Oklahoma)">
Frederick A. Douglass High School (Oklahoma)


</doc>
<doc id="56967688" url="?curid=56967688" title="Grand Rapid Drive">
Grand Rapid Drive


</doc>
<doc id="56967698" url="?curid=56967698" title="Uchenna Nwosu">
Uchenna Nwosu

Uchenna Nwosu (born December 28, 1996) is an American football outside linebacker for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at USC, and was drafted by the Chargers in the second round with the 48th overall pick of the 2018 NFL Draft.
College career.
Nwosu attended and played college football at USC under head coaches Steve Sarkisian and Clay Helton. After playing in 12 games during his freshman season, Nwosu was not able to participate in the 2014 Holiday Bowl due to unspecified team rules violations. It was later reported that Nwosu did not enroll in the following spring semester. Despite speculation that he may leave the team, Nwosu was able to take summer classes and rejoin the team for the 2015 season. After his senior season at USC, Nwosu was named a co-MVP of USC along with quarterback Sam Darnold. He was also on the watchlist for the Butkus Award. Following his senior season, he participated in the 2018 Senior Bowl.
Professional career.
The Los Angeles Chargers selected Nwosu in the second round (48th overall) of the 2018 NFL Draft. Nwosu was the sixth linebacker drafted in 2018. He played in his hometown of Carson at the temporary home of the Chargers at the StubHub Center. 
On May 13, 2018, the Los Angeles Chargers signed Nwosu to a four-year, $5.75 million contract that includes $3.01 million guaranteed and a signing bonus of $2.26 million.
Nwosu entered training camp slated as a backup outside linebacker. Head coach Anthony Lynn named Nwosu the backup strongside linebacker to start the regular season, behind veteran Kyle Emanuel.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Los Angeles Chargers’ season-opening 38-28 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs. On September 16, 2018, Nwosu recorded three combined tackles and made his first career sack during a 31–20 victory at the Buffalo Bills in Week 2. Nwosu made his first career sack on Bills’ quarterback Josh Allen for a three-yard loss in the first quarter.
As the Chargers made the playoffs, they faced off against the Baltimore Ravens in the Wild Card round. Nwosu made a critical play at the end of the game, forcing Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson to fumble on what would have otherwise been a potential game winning drive for the Ravens. The Chargers recovered the fumble, sealing a 23–17 win to advance to the Divisional round.
Nwosu finished the 2019 season with 31 tackles, two sacks, and three passes defensed.
In 2020, Nwosu played in 13 games with four starts, recording 4.5 sacks, 33 tackles, and two passes defensed. He was placed on injured reserve on December 26, 2020.
Personal life.
He is of Nigerian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="56967713" url="?curid=56967713" title="René Van Der Wouden">
René Van Der Wouden


</doc>
<doc id="56967717" url="?curid=56967717" title="Phelps Dodge Tower">
Phelps Dodge Tower

The Phelps Dodge Tower is a high-rise office building located along Central Avenue in the Downtown area of Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The tower rises 20 floors and in height. Owned by Mitsubishi Estate Co. Ltd., the Phelps Dodge Tower was built in 2001. Upon completion it served as the headquarters for the Phelps Dodge mining company and today it stands as the 23rd-tallest building in Phoenix. Phelps Dodge was subsequently acquired by Freeport-McMoRan Inc., who moved the corporate offices two blocks north into the newly constructed Freeport-McMoRan Center.
Mitsubishi Estate Co. Ltd. purchased the building in 2008 for $128 million.

</doc>
<doc id="56967739" url="?curid=56967739" title="Madeleine Radziwiłł">
Madeleine Radziwiłł

Princess Maria Madeleine Radziwiłł (born Marie-Eve-Madeleine-Josephus-Elizabeth-Apollonia-Catherine Zawisza-Kierżgajło; 1861 Warsaw – 1945 Fribourg) was a Polish–Belarussian aristocrat who financed many Catholic works.
Biography.
She was the daughter of Count and the Countess Marie Kwilecka, former lady-in-waiting to the Russian Empress and great-granddaughter of King Stanisław August Poniatowski. The count was keen on archaeology and collected ancient medals and coins. They spoke French and Polish at home, as well as Belarusian with servants. She was educated by governesses and teachers. She spent her winters in Warsaw. Her older sister married of the Nieborów branch and also became a philanthropist.
In 1882, Madeleine married the wealthy Count (1833–1885) who was 27 years her senior. They had a daughter, Maria Ludwika (1883–1958), who married Prince Adam Czartoryski in 1901. As a widow, Countess Krasinska spent most of her time at her property near Igumen (now Chervyen in Minsk Province) and also visited the properties inherited from her father.
In 1904, she fell in love with the young prince Wacław Mikołaj Radziwiłł (1880–1914) who was 19 years younger than her (she was 45, he was 26). They married in London on March 30, 1906. The scandal isolated them. The prince was dismissed from society, their London relations turned away from them. They left to settle in , owned by the princess. He was dedicated to the management of the property which included an immense forest of pines and oaks of 27,000 dessiatines (73,000 acres).
Prince Radziwiłł fought in the Russian Imperial Army during the First World War and died at the beginning of the war in East Prussia. She devoted herself to works of charity and becomes a Dominican tertiary. She was at the head of a large fortune with 18 estates and immense forests. She lived in Kaunas, then in Germany. Finally she was ruined and in 1932, finished her days in Fribourg, in a convent of Dominicans. Her ashes were reburied in Minsk.
Philanthropy.
She financed a Belarusian newspaper, "Biełarus", the publishing house , a society to fight against alcoholism, a school of the village of Kuchcičy. She received representatives of Belarussian culture such as Vaclav Iwanowski (Vatslav Ivanovski), a Minister of Education in 1918 of the Belarusian People's Republic (shot in 1943 by the NKGB); the Lutskevich brothers publishers of the Belarussian weekly" Nasha Niva" (1906–1915); Roman Skirmunt, member of the Third Duma (1910–1911) and Chairman of the Belarusian People's Committee (1915–1917); or Edward Woyniłłowicz a politician. She materially aided Maksim Bahdanovič in publishing his first books, as well as Maksim Haretski, Iakoub Kolas and Anton Levitsky. She helped finance Vilnius University.
Radziwiłł also helped charitable works like the convent of Druya with their high school which was opened by the Marianists of the Immaculate Conception in 1923; had a seminary built in Vilnius and donated to the construction of the St Casimir's Lithuanian Church in London. She is active at the Minsk Charity Society helping victims of the war. After the war, she financed the seminary for the Belarusian Greek Catholic Church in Rome and members of the "Lithuanian Renaissance". She donated funds to build a church in Warsaw, and orphanages and children's homes in Minsk. She donated 1,009 books to the Lithuanian Scientific Society. In 1930, she was awarded the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas (1st degree).

</doc>
<doc id="56967748" url="?curid=56967748" title="Hannah Glass">
Hannah Glass


</doc>
<doc id="56967756" url="?curid=56967756" title="Cursed (TV series)">
Cursed (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56967759" url="?curid=56967759" title="Nigthwish">
Nigthwish


</doc>
<doc id="56967761" url="?curid=56967761" title="Isa Blumi">
Isa Blumi

Isa Blumi (born 1969, in Teplice, Czechoslovakia) is a historian. He is a senior lecturer and associate professor of Turkish Studies at Stockholm University Institute for Turkish Studies in Sweden.
Career.
During the Kosovo conflict (1998–1999), Blumi was a member of the provisional Kosovo government. After the war, he worked as a consultant for the United Nations Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) and the Organization for Security and Operation in Europe (OSCE). Blumi completed an MA in Political Theory and Historical Studies at the New School for Social Research in New York, United States. Studying in the History, Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies departments, Blumi graduated with a Ph.D. in 2005 from New York University. His dissertation focused on the complex interactions that Ottoman authorities and inhabitants of Ottoman Albania and Yemen had with each other, with Blumi visiting regional and national archives around the world for his research while he was a Fulbright-Hayes fellow being based in Istanbul. Blumi also had a SSRC-IDRF (Social Science Research Council – International Dissertation Field Research Fellowship) fellowship for his Ph.D research. Blumi became an assistant professor of Middle Eastern and Balkan history at Georgia State University in Atlanta, USA. During that time he was also a senior research fellow in the Centre for Area Studies at Leipzig University, Germany and a visiting professor of history at the American University of Sharjah, United Arab Emirates where his research focused on regional migration and its impact on host societies.
Blumi has written more than two dozen articles. They cover topics and focus on Ottoman rule in Albania and Yemen, migration patterns of Muslims in the Balkans to Western and Central Europe, south-eastern European history and current affairs, post First World War social history in Kosovo and Albania, the Kosovo crisis, and analysing issues relating to state centralisation and identity. His research interests include Balkan history, Political Islam, the Middle East/Persian Gulf/Red Sea regions and Muslim migration. Blumi has favoured a multi-sited comparative and interdisciplinary approach toward his research that encompasses social history, post-colonial theory and analysis of state institutions as they evolved over time. His research has also entailed a transregional approach examining sociopolitical, cultural and economic exchanges, links and fragmentation in relation to collapsing political systems and the Ottoman Empire, Habsburg Empire and their transnational impacts on the Balkans and Balkan diasporas around the globe. His other areas of research interest have included modern forms of Islam as practiced in the Balkans, Middle East, Eastern Africa and South-East Asia after the Second World War and nineteenth century Asian Muslim Emirates dealing with expanding European commercial interests within the South China Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="56967773" url="?curid=56967773" title="Thomas Holopainen">
Thomas Holopainen


</doc>
<doc id="56967777" url="?curid=56967777" title="Boseong O clan">
Boseong O clan

Boseong O clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Boseong County, South Jeolla Province. According to the research in 2015, the number of Boseong O clan was 71162. Their founder was . He was a 24th descendant of O Cheom () who came over from China to Silla during Jijeung of Silla’s reign in Silla dynasty. He was appointed as Prince of Boseong () because he defeated Kitan in 1216. Then, he began Boseong O clan.

</doc>
<doc id="56967782" url="?curid=56967782" title="CIJA">
CIJA


</doc>
<doc id="56967809" url="?curid=56967809" title="The Center for Israel and Jewish Affairs">
The Center for Israel and Jewish Affairs


</doc>
<doc id="56967815" url="?curid=56967815" title="Christian Langton">
Christian Langton

Christian Langton (born 6 August 1957) is a British researcher in medical physics. He is Adjunct Professor of Medical Physics, Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia.
Professional life.
Langton is notable for his development of an early detection system for osteoporosis using ultrasonic waves.
Honours and awards.
Langton was awarded a Doctor of Science (DSc) in Medical Physics from the University of Hull (the first to be awarded in a decade) for his work on the measurement of broadband ultrasonic attenuation in cancellous bone. In 2015 he received an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Eastern Finland. In 2006 Langton's work was listed by EurekaUK as one of the top 100 UK university discoveries to come out of the UK in the past 50 years. In 2008, the UK Department of Health recognised Langton in a publication highlighting eleven projects that had contributed to '60 years of NHS research benefiting patients'. His work is listed under the 'Hull Firsts' at the Carnegie Heritage Centre in Kingston-upon-Hull

</doc>
<doc id="56967829" url="?curid=56967829" title="Spectrum Hospital">
Spectrum Hospital


</doc>
<doc id="56967844" url="?curid=56967844" title="Georges Mendes">
Georges Mendes

Georges Mendes (born 26 May 1974) is a Portuguese alpine skier. He competed in four events at the 1994 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56967851" url="?curid=56967851" title="BMW HP4 Race">
BMW HP4 Race

The BMW HP4 Race is a four-cylinder engine sport bike made by BMW Motorrad in 2017 in a limited-production run of 750 units. It is a non-street-legal, track-only version of the HP4 variant of the BMW S1000RR. 
Background.
Like the Honda RC213V-S and Ducati Superleggera, the HP4 Race does not qualify for any race series, and was made to display the manufacturer's technological prowess rather than for Homologation. BMW claims the HP4 Race produces at 14,500 rpm, due to the higher rev limit over the normal HP4, which BMW says makes at 13,900 rpm.
Most of the HP4 Race's design elements and engine are from the S1000RR, with many components re-tuned for higher performance, and adding greater adjustability, including a rake of 24.5° that can be decreased by 0.5° or increased by 1.0°. It has an all-carbon fiber chassis that BMW says weights , and fairing makes extensive use of carbon fiber. It has a GP style 1-up, 2-3-4-5-6-down shifting pattern. Like the S1000RR, HP4 Races have traction control and wheelie control, and a quickshifter. Because it is for track use only, it does not have lights or mirrors.

</doc>
<doc id="56967858" url="?curid=56967858" title="Lex Pompeia">
Lex Pompeia


</doc>
<doc id="56967877" url="?curid=56967877" title="Grand Rapid">
Grand Rapid


</doc>
<doc id="56967888" url="?curid=56967888" title="2018 in Michigan">
2018 in Michigan

Events from the year 2018 in Michigan.
Population.
In the 2010 United States Census, Michigan was recorded as having a population of 9,883,640 persons, ranking as the eighth most populous state in the country. By 2018, the state's population was estimated at 9,995,915, and the state had become the 10th most populous state.
The state's largest cities, having populations of at least 75,000 based on 2016 estimates, were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="56967893" url="?curid=56967893" title="Strings of Love">
Strings of Love


</doc>
<doc id="56967905" url="?curid=56967905" title="Torture in Israel">
Torture in Israel


</doc>
<doc id="56967909" url="?curid=56967909" title="Spectrum Health Hospitals Butterworth Hospital">
Spectrum Health Hospitals Butterworth Hospital


</doc>
<doc id="56967912" url="?curid=56967912" title="Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge">
Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge

The Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge, sometimes called the Court of Pleas or Common Pleas of or at Durham was a court of common pleas that exercised jurisdiction within the County Palatine of Durham (including the wapentake of Sadberge) until its jurisdiction was transferred to the High Court by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873. Before the transfer of its jurisdiction, this tribunal was next in importance to the Chancery of Durham. The Court of Pleas probably developed from the free court of the Bishop of Durham. The Court of Pleas was clearly visible as a distinct court, separate from the Chancery, in the thirteenth century.
Judges.
The judges who went the Northern Circuit, and to whom a commission to take the assizes at Durham was directed, were judges of the court, and continued to be so, until another commission, directed to other judges, was issued for the next subsequent assizes; during which time, besides trying causes at the assizes, they held courts from time to time in London, for the purpose of granting and deciding upon rules, etc. And the judges of the court for the time being could make rules for regulating the proceedings in actions, and the mode and time of pleading; or they or any two of them could adopt any such rules made by any of the superior courts at Westminster.
Officers.
The prothonotary and his deputy were the principal officers on the civil side of the court; and his office at Durham was in fact the office of the court, where all the business out of court was transacted. The prothonotary had to keep three books; one, called the remembrance book, where the writs of pone and rules of court were entered; another, for entering the writs of summons and the appearances; and the third was an index of the names of the defendants in the two former. The justices of the court could regulate the fees to be taken by the officers, and by the attorneys.
Jurisdiction.
The jurisdiction of the Court of Pleas of Durham inside the county palatine included jurisdiction similar to the jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster and the Court of King's Bench.
Nothing contained in section 1 of the Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836 prejudiced or affected the jurisdiction of this court.
Procedure.
As to practice and proceedings in the Court of Pleas in Durham, see the Act 2 &amp; 3 Vict c 16 (sometimes called Court of Pleas of Durham Act 1839), the Common Law Procedure Act 1852 (15 &amp; 16 Vict c 76), section 100 of the Common Law Procedure Act 1854 (17 &amp; 18 Vict c 125), and the Common Law Procedure Act 1860 (23 &amp; 24 Vict c 126).
Appeal
An appeal lay from this court to the Queen's Bench.
Costs.
From 1839, the practice and proceedings in the Court of Pleas of the county palatine of Durham and Sadberge, were in a main degree assimilated to those in the three Courts of Law at Westminster. The costs for preparing pleadings in actions here, were by express enactment made the same as those of a like description in the Superior Courts. Provisions were made as to the costs with respect to the admission upon the trial of written and printed documents, and copies; taxation of costs; costs on paying money into Court; fees to the officers; costs on motions for new trials in the Superior Courts; on removal of judgments; removal of causes; on writs of false judgment; and as to the expenses of witnesses; and any rule of Court made here, could be made a rule of any of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster.
Relevant legislation.
See section 86 of the County Courts Act 1856 (19 &amp; 20 Vict c 108).
According to Baxter (Note 61 at p 173), the principal statutes relating to Durham and its Court of Pleas included, amongst others, the following:
As to the process of Exigent in Durham, see the Act 31 Eliz 1 c 9.
As to judgment in the Court of Pleas of Durham, see the Act 8 Geo 1 c 25 and the Judgments Act 1838 (1 &amp; 2 Vict c 110).
As to taking oaths and affidavits in Durham, see the Act 4 Geo 3 c 21
As to order of Court of Pleas for examination of witnesses and interrogatories, see the Evidence by Commission Act 1831 (1 Will 4 c 22).
As to palatine jurisdiction and jura regalia transferred to the Crown, see the Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836 (6 &amp; 7 Will 4 c 19).
As to the appointment of Custos rotulorum in Durham, see the Durham (County Palatine) Act 1836 (6 &amp; 7 Will 4 c 19).
As to duties and salaries of Clerks of the Crown in Durham, see the Criminal Justice Act 1856 (19 &amp; 20 Vict c 118).
As to transfer of jura regalia of Durham to Crown, see the Durham County Palatine Act 1858 (21 &amp; 22 Vict c 45).
Transfer of jurisdiction to the High Court.
Section 16(10) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 provided that "there shall be transferred to and vested in" the "High Court of Justice the jurisdiction which, at the commencement of this Act, was vested in, or capable of being exercised by" the Court of Pleas at Durham. This provision was repealed and replaced by section 18(2)(a)(vi) of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, which was to the same effect.
As to prothonotaries, district prothonoataries and other officers of the Court of Pleas, see section 78 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="56967917" url="?curid=56967917" title="Game Players (magazine)">
Game Players (magazine)


</doc>
<doc id="56967920" url="?curid=56967920" title="Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital">
Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital


</doc>
<doc id="56967923" url="?curid=56967923" title="1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles">
1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles

The 1949 World Table Tennis Championships – Mixed Doubles was the 16th edition of the mixed doubles championship. 
Ferenc Sidó and Gizi Farkas defeated Bohumil Váňa and Květa Hrušková in the final by three sets to nil. 
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56967925" url="?curid=56967925" title="Yu Jinhao">
Yu Jinhao

Yu Jinhao (, born 12 November 1975 in Guangzhou) is a former Chinese badminton player. Yu joined the national team in 1997. He was part of the Chinese men's team that won the silver medal at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand, and also won the bronze medal in the men's doubles event partnered with Liu Yong. He was ranked world No. 5 in the men's doubles in January 1999. Teamed with Chen Qiqiu, they competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. At the age of 25, due to injuries and other reasons, he left the national team. He works as a teacher in Yuyan Middle School and is a member of the Guangzhou CPPCC.
Achievements.
Asian Games.
"Men's doubles"
World Junior Championships.
"Boys' doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Men's singles"
"Men's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56967927" url="?curid=56967927" title="Torture in the Palestinian Territories">
Torture in the Palestinian Territories


</doc>
<doc id="56967928" url="?curid=56967928" title="Altitude Express, Inc. v. Zarda">
Altitude Express, Inc. v. Zarda

Altitude Express, Inc. v. Zarda, 590 U.S. ___ (2020), was a landmark United States Supreme Court civil rights case which ruled that under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 employees could not be discriminated against on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
The case involved Donald Zarda, a skydiving instructor for Altitude Express who had told a female customer of his gay identity to make her more comfortable being attached to him during a skydive. She and her boyfriend later expressed their objections to Altitude, leading to Zarda's dismissal on the claim of misconduct. Zarda filed suit in 2014 on the basis of employment discrimination, and though Zarda died in a parachuting accident that year, his family continued the legal battle.
While the District Court ruled in favor of Altitude Express in "Zarda v. Altitude Express", the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit overturned, ruling that Title VII does protect employees from discrimination based on sexual orientation, adding to a circuit split. The Supreme Court accepted Altitude Express's petition and consolidated the case alongside "Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia", a similar case of sexual orientation discrimination from the Eleventh Circuit but which ruled that Title VII did not cover such discrimination. Oral arguments were heard on October 8, 2019 alongside the case "R.G. &amp; G.R. Harris Funeral Homes Inc. v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission" which dealt with Title VII and employment protections for transgender people. The Court ruled in a 6–3 decision for "Bostock", covering all three cases, on June 15, 2020, that Title VII protections do apply to gay and transgender persons.
Background.
In 2010, Donald Zarda was fired from his skydiving job at Altitude Express. He had told a customer he was gay to make her more comfortable with being strapped together. The woman's boyfriend later complained to the company that Zarda had inappropriately touched her, and Zarda was fired as a result.
In October 2010, the press first reported that Zarda had brought his firing to court and was suing Altitude Express. Altitude Express (in Long Island, New York) claimed Zarda had been fired for alleged "inappropriate behavior in the workplace", with Zarda's lawyer arguing the customer had been homophobic and the firing was due to Zarda's sexual orientation. In the case, Altitude argued that Zarda had touched the client inappropriately, backing up the customer's claims. Zarda's family argued that he would never have done such a thing, and that the firing had been motivated by his sexual orientation. Zarda alleged he was fired for failing to conform to the "straight male macho stereotype". Zarda died on October 3, 2014, in Switzerland in a base jumping accident and the case was continued by his family.
District and Appeals Court.
Zarda's case was initially heard in United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York in 2014. While the case was in progress, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) issued a non-binding memo in 2015 that it would treat sexual orientation as covered by Title VII; this aligned with a prior non-binding memo from the Department of Justice (DOJ) that it would also treat sexual orientation as protected under Title VII should such cases be presented to them. Despite these federal memos, the District Court summarily ruled in favor of Altitude Express.
Zarda's estate appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. During this case, Donald Trump became president in 2017. Trump took steps to undo many actions previously established by the prior president Barack Obama, including instructing the DOJ to reverse its decision on Title VII protections for sexual orientation. In its new memo, the DOJ asserted that while significant cultural shifts had occurred since the passage of the Civil Rights Act, Congress had not amended the law in any way, and thus rejected that Title VII protected against sexual orientation discrimination as the DOJ had "substantial and unique interest" to follow the letter of the law. No such change was made from the EEOC's stance, putting these two agencies at odds with each other. The three-judge panel at the Second Circuit affirmed the District Court's ruling in April 2017, agreeing that sexual orientation was not covered by Title VII, but commented in the opinion that there were "tensions" around how such cases were being handled by the courts.
Zarda's estate sought an "en banc" hearing before the full Second District court, which was granted. In July 2017, the DOJ unexpectedly interceded in the case, arguing in a friend of the court brief that Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act of 1964 did not explicitly cover sexual-orientation discrimination in the workplace. Both the DOJ and the EEOC filed opposing amicus briefs. The DOJ explained its position to the Second Circuit. The brief argued that the law does not define "sex," and that the common "ordinary" usage protected being biologically female or male. The American Bar Association announced that it disagreed with the DOJ's stance, arguing to protect gay rights. The DOJ argued as well that employers were free "to regulate employees’ off-the-job sexual behavior" and could discriminate for promiscuity, adultery, or sexual orientation. The EEOC reiterated arguments it had "pioneered" in a case in 2015 that informed the Seventh Circuit opinion on the "Hively v. Ivy Tech" case in 2017. A number of opinions were published on the case.
After the oral argument was made on September 26, 2017, the opinion was issued on February 26, 2018. The full court reversed the prior rulings on a 10–3 vote, and asserted that Title VII prohibits sexual orientation employment discrimination under the category of sex. The court ruled that "because sexual orientation is a function of sex and sex is a protected characteristic under Title VII, it follows that sexual orientation is also protected." The ruling did not focus on the merits of Zarda's case specifically, but whether sexual orientation was protected as a function of sex, and in effect protected gay workers under the Civil Rights Act. In effect, the conclusion held that Zarda's estate could bring Title VII claims against Altitude Express, as the law encompassed discrimination based on sexual orientation. In the ruling, the 2nd Circuit confirmed that its conclusion was the result and continuation of the Supreme Court's 1989 prohibition on gender stereotyping in "Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins", as well "Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services" in 1998 that protected both genders from discrimination.
Supreme Court.
Prior to the "en banc" ruling from the Second Circuit, it had been expected for the case to be on track for the Supreme Court. Zarda's legal representative Gregory Antollino argued that, "If you discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation, you necessarily take into account the sex of the employee. You can't take the 'sex' out of "sexual orientation."
In May 2018, the "Advocate" reported that Altitude Express had appealed the February decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Altitude Express filed a petition for the Supreme Court to hear the case again, arguing, according to the "Advocate," that "expanding the law to cover discrimination based on sexual orientation should be done by legislators, not the judiciary." The petition argued that sexual orientation discrimination did "not amount to discrimination based on gender stereotyping, which some courts have ruled is a type of sex discrimination." In the February ruling, whether sexual orientation discrimination occurred in the case had not been addressed, only the legality of such discrimination. The petition also did not seek to address the merits of the Zarda case specifically, only focusing on whether Title VII applied as a valid type of discrimination. Altitude Express was represented by Saul Zabell of Zabell &amp; Associates. In the petition, Zabell argued that the decision made by the 7th and 2nd Circuits "departed from more than 50 years of established precedent" in that it ruled on the scope of protection for LGBT employees under Title VII. To "resolve the circuit split," the petition called for the Supreme Court to step in. There was no guarantee the court would grant the petition. Donald Zarda's estate, represented by lawyer Gregory Antollino, opposed the Supreme Court review, with Antollino stating that he thought more "circuits need to weigh in" before the Supreme Court involvement and citing other pending cases. It was noted that between the different circuits, the courts were split on the matter of sexual orientation discrimination.
The Supreme Court granted cert to the petition in April 2019 under the case name "Altitude Express, Inc. v Zarda" (Docket #17-1623). The case was consolidated with another petition, "Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia" (Docket #17-1618), in which a gay employee in the county's child welfare service program was fired for his sexual orientation. In this case, the Eleventh Circuit ruled in favor of the county, that previous case law out of the Fifth Circuit allowed for dismissal of employees due to sexual orientation. The Court's granting of cert was announced alongside another related case to be heard by the court "R.G. &amp; G.R. Harris Funeral Homes Inc. v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission", related to whether Title VII protections included transgender individuals. 
"Altitude Express", "Bostock" and "Harris" were heard during October 8, 2019 oral arguments. In oral arguments the Court's more conservative Justices argued that because Congress had not included sexual orientation at the time of the Civil Rights Act, nor had updated the law to include it since, they feared creating law outside Congress's authority. Arguments also centered on how the word "sex" in Title VII could be interpreted to include sexual orientation, and not strictly gender.

</doc>
<doc id="56967930" url="?curid=56967930" title="1993–94 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team">
1993–94 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team

The 1993–94 George Mason Patriots Men's basketball team represented George Mason University during the 1993–94 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was the 28th season for the program, the first under head coach Paul Westhead. The Patriots played their home games at the Patriot Center in Fairfax, Virginia.
Honors and awards.
"Colonial Athletic Association Rookie of the Year"
"Colonial Athletic Association All-Rookie Team"
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=|CAA regular season
!colspan=12 style=|1994 CAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56967935" url="?curid=56967935" title="Reema Pyetrovna Aldoneena">
Reema Pyetrovna Aldoneena


</doc>
<doc id="56967938" url="?curid=56967938" title="Chumbrella">
Chumbrella


</doc>
<doc id="56967942" url="?curid=56967942" title="Court of Common Pleas at Westminster">
Court of Common Pleas at Westminster


</doc>
<doc id="56967946" url="?curid=56967946" title="Psathi, Ios">
Psathi, Ios

Psathi is a small settlement in Ios, Greece. It is located 8 km from Chora, the capital of Ios and 200 km from Athens.
Archaeological Significance.
According to Government Gazette No.161 B of 1995, the location shown on the map is considered an archaeological site. That decision was taken in order to preserve the remains of two ancient temples where today on top of them are built two churches, the remains of a Roman aqueduct and the remains of an ancient, proto-cycladic settlement and cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56967949" url="?curid=56967949" title="Chris Langton (academic)">
Chris Langton (academic)


</doc>
<doc id="56967951" url="?curid=56967951" title="Jewelpet Kira Deco!">
Jewelpet Kira Deco!


</doc>
<doc id="56967953" url="?curid=56967953" title="Smealinho Rama">
Smealinho Rama

Smealinho Rama (born April 30, 1992) is a Greek-Canadian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division. He competed in the Professional Fighters League, where he was the promotion's inaugural Heavyweight Champion, and also competed in the MFC.
Mixed martial arts career.
Maximum Fighting Championship.
Rama made his MFC debut against Canadian Lee Mein at MFC 34: Total Recall. Rama was superior and won by technical knockout in the first round.
Then Rama made a fight in the BFTB, facing Jordan Tracey, in Battle for the Border 1: Blue Plates Vs. Red Plates, and won with a kimura in the first round.
His return to MFC was against Canadian Ryan Fortin at MFC 35: Explosive Encounter. Rama won the first round finals.
At MFC 36, Rama faced Mike Hackert, and knocked him out in the first round.
With a six-game winning streak in MMA, three in MFC, Rama played MFC's Heavyweight Heavyweight belt against future UFC fighter Anthony Hamilton. Rama was knocked out early in the second round with a kick in the head, losing his unbeaten record.
World Series of Fighting/Professional Fighters League.
Rama made his debut on against Steve Mocco on February 21, 2014 at . Rama dominated the fight and won by unanimous decision.
Rama won a fight in the Unified MMA and returned to the WSOF to contest the WSOF Heavyweight Championship on October 11, 2014 against Derrick Mehmen. He knocked out the American with 51 seconds of fighting and won the title.
His first defense was against Blagoi Ivanov, on WSOF 21, on June 5, 2015. Rama was submitted with a guillotine in the third round and lost his belt.
After the loss, Rama decided to go down to light heavyweight, and succeeded, as in his next bout he knocked out Jake Heun in the second round on December 31, 2016 at WSOF 34.
Rama faced the Brazilian Ronny Markes on PFL Daytona on June 30, 2017, event that marked the debut of the Professional Fighters League, which was formerly known as World Series of Fighting. Rama lost by unanimous decision.
In June 2018, Rama entered the PFL Light Heavyweight Tournament. He faced Brandon Halsey in the opening round at PFL 2 on June 21, 2018. He lost the fight via TKO in the third round when the fight was stopped by the cage side doctor due to a cut Rama suffered.
In his second fight in the tournament, Rama faced Jamie Abdallah at PFL 7 on August 30, 2018. He won the fight via TKO between the second and third rounds when the doctor deemed Abdallah unable to continue due to swelling under his left eye. The win allowed Rama to advance to the next phase of the tournament.
Rama was set to face Bellator vet Jordan Young on April 29, 2021 at PFL 2 as the start of the 2021 PFL Light Heavyweight tournament. At the beginning of April, Rama was replaced by Vinny Magalhães for the whole season.

</doc>
<doc id="56967954" url="?curid=56967954" title="Electro-biochemical reactor">
Electro-biochemical reactor

Electro-biochemical reactor (EBR) is a type of a bioreactor used in water treatment. EBR is a high-efficiency denitrification, metals, and inorganics removal technology that provides electrons directly to the EBR bioreactor as a substitute for using excess electron donors and nutrients. It was patented by INOTEC, a bioremediation company based in Salt Lake City, UT.
The EBR technology is based on the principle that microbes mediate the removal of metal and inorganic contaminants through electron transfer (redox processes). In conventional bioreactors, these electrons are provided by excess organic electron donors (e.g., organic carbon sources such as methanol, glucose, etc.). They require excess nutrients/chemicals to compensate for inefficient and variable electron availability needed to adjust reactor ORP chemistry, compensate for system sensitivity (fluctuation), and to achieve more consistent constituent removal. The Electro-Biochemical Reactor directly supplies needed electrons to the reactor and microbes, using a low applied potential across the reactor cell (1-3 V) at low milli-Amp levels. As a comparison, one molecule of glucose, often used as a cost-effective electron donor, can provide up to 24 electrons under complete glucose metabolism, while a current of 1 mA provides 6.2x10^15 electrons every second. The small amount of power required can even come from a small solar/battery source.
The EBR systems have been successfully demonstrated in the mining and power generation sectors to remove nitrate, nitrite, selenium, cadmium, molybdenum, nickel, tin, uranium, zinc, antimony, copper, lead, silver, vanadium, and mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="56967955" url="?curid=56967955" title="Man, Woman and Wife">
Man, Woman and Wife

Man, Woman and Wife is a 1929 American drama film directed by Edward Laemmle and starring Norman Kerry, Pauline Starke and Marian Nixon. It was based on a short story called "Fallen Angels", and the film was also sometimes known by this title. It was originally made as a silent film, before a soundtrack and sound effects were added to it.

</doc>
<doc id="56967972" url="?curid=56967972" title="Overcharging (battery)">
Overcharging (battery)


</doc>
<doc id="56967983" url="?curid=56967983" title="List of mayors of West Lafayette, Indiana">
List of mayors of West Lafayette, Indiana


</doc>
<doc id="56967984" url="?curid=56967984" title="Greater Siangic languages">
Greater Siangic languages

Greater Siangic is a language grouping that includes the "Siangic languages", "Digaro languages" (Idu Mishmi and Taraon) and "Pre-Tani", the hypothetical substrate language branch of Tani before it became relexified by Sino-Tibetan. The Greater Siangic grouping was proposed by Roger Blench (2014), based on exclusively shared lexical items that had been noted by Modi (2013). Blench (2014) argues that Greater Siangic is an independent language family that has undergone areal influences from Sino-Tibetan languages, and is not a branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family itself.
Various lexical items exclusively shared by Milang, Koro, Taraon, and Idu have also been noted by Modi (2013). Modi (2013) suggests that Taraon could possibly be closer to Milang than Idu is.
Languages.
Blench (2014) lists the following languages in Greater Siangic.
Sound correspondences.
Modi (2013: 20-22) notes the following sound correspondences among Milang, Taraon, Idu, and Proto-Tani.

</doc>
<doc id="56967993" url="?curid=56967993" title="Hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners of Israel">
Hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners of Israel


</doc>
<doc id="56968010" url="?curid=56968010" title="Southend railway station (disambiguation)">
Southend railway station (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56968027" url="?curid=56968027" title="N. M. Kamble">
N. M. Kamble

Narendra Marutrao Kamble (24 October 1925 – 3 April 2021) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament as member of the Indian National Congress. He was the Vice-Chairman of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes. He was an Ambedkarite and Buddhist. He died on 3 April 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56968045" url="?curid=56968045" title="Huguette Béolet">
Huguette Béolet

Huguette Béolet is a French former international table tennis player.
She won a bronze medal at the 1949 World Table Tennis Championships in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event) with Yolande Vannoni and Jeanne Delay for France.
In the early 1950s she was ranked number one in France and won six French national titles from 1937 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="56968047" url="?curid=56968047" title="Peer Ghaib">
Peer Ghaib


</doc>
<doc id="56968066" url="?curid=56968066" title="Chaos Control (disambiguation)">
Chaos Control (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56968085" url="?curid=56968085" title="David O'Donahue">
David O'Donahue

David O'Donahue is the Deputy Adjutant General-Civil Support of the Wisconsin National Guard with the rank of Brigadier General.
Career.
O'Donahue received his commission through the Reserve Officers' Training Corps in 1987. Commands he has held within the Wisconsin Army National Guard include the 157th Maneuver Enhancement Brigade. In addition, O'Donahue served two combat deployments during the Iraq War.
Awards he has received include the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal with oak leaf cluster, Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters and the Army Commendation Medal with four oak leaf clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="56968098" url="?curid=56968098" title="1984 Mercedes Cup">
1984 Mercedes Cup

The 1984 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1984 Grand Prix circuit. It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was held from 16 July until 22 July 1984. Seventh-seeded Henri Leconte won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Henri Leconte defeated Gene Mayer, 7–6(11–9), 6–0, 1–6, 6–1
Doubles.
 Gene Mayer / Andreas Maurer defeated Fritz Buehning / Ferdi Taygan, 7–6, 6–4

</doc>
<doc id="56968111" url="?curid=56968111" title="Ernst von Trautson">
Ernst von Trautson

Ernst Graf von Trautson (26 December 1633 – 7 January 1702, Vienna), actually Ernst Trautson von Falkenstein zu Sprechenstein und Schroffenstein, was an Austrian Roman Catholic clergyman who was Prince-Bishop of Vienna from 1685 to 1702.
Biography.
Ernst was born the third son of Johann Franz Trautson von Falkenstein (d. 1663), Court Master in Upper Austria, Colonel-Marshal of Tyrol, commander of the Regiment of Lower Austria, Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece, Lord of St. Pölten, Laa, Dürnkrut, Mistelbach, Raspenbühel and Kaya, and of Maximiliana Walburga (d. 1639), daughter of Johann Georg zu Hohenzollern-Hechingen.
Trautson studied Philosophy and Theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. On 12 March 1661 he was ordained a deacon in Salzburg, and on 11 June 1661 was elevated to canon of Salzburg and Strasbourg.
Emperor Leopold I appointed him Prince-Bishop of Vienna on 23 March 1685, Papal confirmation taking place on 10 September. He received the episcopal ordination on 28 October 1685 by the apostolic nuncio in Austria, Francesco Buonvisi.
The victories of Prince Eugene of Savoy against the Turks gave Trautson a peaceful term. He continued the reconstruction of churches which had been destroyed in the Turkish siege in 1683, and remodeled St. Stephen's Cathedral by commissioning new altars. He was interested in history and heraldry and had the Trautson manuscript made, in which engraved inscriptions and armorials of the Viennese churches are featured.
In July 1701, Franz Anton von Harrach became coadjutor.
He was buried in the episcopal tomb of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56968115" url="?curid=56968115" title="Phyllis Schneck">
Phyllis Schneck

Dr. Phyllis Schneck is an American executive and cybersecurity professional. As of May 2017, she became the Managing Director at Promontory Financial Group. Schneck served in the Obama administration as Deputy Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications for the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD), at the Department of Homeland Security.
Career.
She holds a Ph.D in Computer Science from Georgia Tech.
She was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Cyber-Forensics and Training Alliance, a partnership between corporations, government and law enforcement for cyber analysis to combat international cybercrime. Schneck also served as the Vice Chairman of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board. Schneck spent eight years as chairman of the National Board of Directors of the FBI’s InfraGard program, growing the organization from 2,000 to over 30,000 members nationwide.
Schneck was service vice president of Research integration for Secure Computing Corporation, where she conceived and built the early intelligence practice into a data-as-a-service program. She also worked as vice president of corporate strategy at SecureWorks, and founder/CEO of Avalon Communications, which was acquired by SecureWorks.
Prior to joining government in 2013, Schneck worked in the private sector, at McAfee. She testified before Congress on cybersecurity technology and policy.
Government position.
From 2013 to 2017, Schneck served in the Obama Administration as the Deputy Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications for the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD). She was the chief cybersecurity official for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and supported its mission of strengthening the security and resilience of the nation's critical infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="56968133" url="?curid=56968133" title="Karte Sakhi">
Karte Sakhi

Karte Sakhi () is a district in Afghanistan located in Kabul.

</doc>
<doc id="56968138" url="?curid=56968138" title="Alfred Mellor Watkin">
Alfred Mellor Watkin


</doc>
<doc id="56968139" url="?curid=56968139" title="Lahu Democratic Union">
Lahu Democratic Union

The Lahu Democratic Union (; abbreviated LDU) is a Lahu political and insurgent group in Myanmar. It signed the Nationwide Ceasefire Agreement (NCA) with the government of Myanmar on 13 February 2018. The LDU is part of the United Nationalities Federal Council (UNFC) and its military coalition, the Federal Union Army (FUA).

</doc>
<doc id="56968144" url="?curid=56968144" title="Yolande Vannoni">
Yolande Vannoni

Yolande Vannoni ( Logelin) was a female French international table tennis player.
She won a bronze medal at the 1949 World Table Tennis Championships in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event) with Huguette Béolet and Jeanne Delay for France.
She also won six French national titles from 1943 to 1953 which included four singles titles.

</doc>
<doc id="56968148" url="?curid=56968148" title="Josep Lluís Alay">
Josep Lluís Alay

Josep Lluís Alay i Rodríguez (born 1966) is a professor of Asian history at the University of Barcelona and chief of staff of Carles Puigdemont. He is the director of the Tibet and Central Asia Observatory and lecturer in Contemporary History of Tibet and Mongolia. He was the first Catalan writer to have translated a text written in Tibetan language and was responsible for the publication of "Les poesies d’amor del sisè dalai-lama del Tibet" ("The Love Poems of the Sixth Dalai Lama of Tibet"), of which he was the translator as well as author of the Prologue and Notes. In 2002 he recovered the written work of the Jesuit missionary Antoni de Montserrat and reconstructed his three-year journey through territories now comprised by India, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Since 2004 he has headed around ten projects of cooperation in Tibet, working in the spheres of education and health. He has vastly published on the Tibet question and his last works on this issue are "Arrels del Tibet" (Pagès, 2009) and "Tibet, el país de la neu en flames" (Publicacions UB, 2010).
In 2010, he received his Ph.D. in Contemporary History from the University of Barcelona with the thesis on lama tibetano Khyung Sprul Rhine Po Che: "Khyung Sprul Rhine Po Che, a Tibetan mendicant: his life and trips to Kinnaur and Western Tibet". His latest research work focuses on the communication routes between Tibet and the Tibet, Western India during the first half of the 20th century. Collaborate as a contributor to Ara newspaper. From July 2011 until June 2015 he was the Director of Heritage, Museums and Archives of the Barcelona City Council. Since 2015, he is the Commissioner for International Relations of the Diputació de Barcelona."
On March 25, 2018, Alay accompanied Carles Puigdemont on a car trip from Finland to Brussels. When crossing the border with Germany, Puigdemont was arrested by the German police in Neumünster. Three days later, on March 28, Alay was detained by the Spanish police in the middle of an ongoing investigation. In June 2018 he became Coordinator of International Presidency Policies on Quim Torra's government. In October 2018, Spanish judge Diego de Egea archived the cause. In January 2019 another judge asked to reopen the case.

</doc>
<doc id="56968152" url="?curid=56968152" title="Ernst von Trautson zu Falkenstein">
Ernst von Trautson zu Falkenstein


</doc>
<doc id="56968162" url="?curid=56968162" title="Süddeutsche Erdgasleitung">
Süddeutsche Erdgasleitung


</doc>
<doc id="56968165" url="?curid=56968165" title="Arty Hill">
Arty Hill

Arty Hill is an American country music singer-songwriter of the Honky-tonk tradition. His work has been covered by several artists including Jason &amp; the Scorchers and the Kenny and Amanda Smith Band.

</doc>
<doc id="56968173" url="?curid=56968173" title="Exodus 21">
Exodus 21


</doc>
<doc id="56968181" url="?curid=56968181" title="Policy paper">
Policy paper


</doc>
<doc id="56968184" url="?curid=56968184" title="Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham">
Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham


</doc>
<doc id="56968194" url="?curid=56968194" title="Dharius">
Dharius

Alán Alejandro Maldonado Tamez (September 24, 1984) is a Mexican rapper better known by his stage name Dharius (previously MC Dharius).He is known for having formed part of the Hip Hop Cartel de Santa group from 1999 to 2013. The video and song "Me Alegro de Su Odio" was the last composition he made with Cartel de Santa.

</doc>
<doc id="56968201" url="?curid=56968201" title="Robert Francis Christian">
Robert Francis Christian

Robert Francis Christian, O.P. (December 2, 1948 – July 11, 2019) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church and served as auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Francisco.
Biography.
Bishop Christian was a member of the Dominican Order. On June 4, 1976, Christian was ordained to the priesthood. This followed a long teaching career, mainly at the "Angelicum" in Rome. Pope Francis appointed Christian auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Francisco on March 28, 2018. On June 5, 2018, Christian was consecrated as a bishop. The Archdiocese of San Francisco announced on January 14, 2019 that Christian had been appointed Rector-President of St. Patrick Seminary. He died in his sleep on July 11, 2019 at St. Patrick's Seminary in Menlo Park, California.

</doc>
<doc id="56968203" url="?curid=56968203" title="Burleigh Court Conference Centre and Hotel">
Burleigh Court Conference Centre and Hotel

Burleigh Court Conference Centre and Hotel is a four-star hotel and conference centre located on Loughborough University campus.
Opened in April 1991, Burleigh Court Conference Centre and Hotel has 225 bedrooms and 26 meeting rooms. 
Imago Venues.
Burleigh Court is run by Imago Venues, the managers of conference &amp; meeting facilities and hotels for Loughborough University via a wholly owned subsidiary company called imago@Loughborough Ltd. Other venues include Holywell Park Conference Centre, and The Link Hotel. 
London 2012 and sport.
Burleigh Court hosted Team GB as the official preparation camp for the London 2012 games.
The hotel has regularly been the venue for the Charnwood Sports Awards, including the last time the Awards were staged in 2017. 
Awards and accreditations.
Burleigh Court has won a number of awards including Large Hotel of the Year at the VisitEngland Awards for Excellence 2017 and Innovative Business Partner 2017 at the Leicestershire Promotions Tourism and Hospitality Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="56968208" url="?curid=56968208" title="Peter McCoy (politician)">
Peter McCoy (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56968211" url="?curid=56968211" title="Jeanne Delay">
Jeanne Delay

Jeanne Delay (May 18, 1920 – October 6, 2012), was a female French international table tennis player.
She won a bronze medal at the 1949 World Table Tennis Championships in the Corbillon Cup (women's team event) with Huguette Béolet and Yolande Vannoni for France.
She also won five French national titles from 1937 to 1949 which included four singles titles.

</doc>
<doc id="56968216" url="?curid=56968216" title="Bothros">
Bothros

Bothros (Greek βόθρος, plural "bothroi") is the Ancient Greek word for "hole", "pit" or "trench". In contemporary use it can refer to a variety of holes or depressions found at ancient sites and referred to in literature, and has also been utilized in biological taxonomy to describe species or structures that have similar characteristics.
Historic / Archaeological uses.
In Greek antiquity, a "bothros" was an artificially-created or formed depression in the ground, which could serve various purposes. In archaeology, similar items are also referred to by this name and interpreted depending on their context as altars, locations for sacrifice or storage pits.
In the works of Homer, "bothros" generally refers to a depression or pit in the ground. In the Odyssey, the handmaidens of Nausicaa wash their clothes in one, and at the advice of Circe Odysseus digs one for the offering of libations to the dead in the underworld - first honey and milk, then wine, then water. They were also used to collect the blood of sacrificial animals that were killed above them, which was thought to attract the spirits of the dead.
Archaeological findings considered to be "bothroi" are often round or D-shaped, partially lined in a complicated form with stones, and can vary greatly in size and shape. When found within households they are generally interpreted as fireplaces, ovens or storage pits for grain and food storage. Sacrificial "bothroi" often contain remains of ceramics and bones or other intentionally-placed objects.
"Bothroi" are found mainly on sites from the early Bronze Age and the Iron Age in Greece. Important sites include Korakou, Gonia and Zygouries around Corinth, at Asine and in Lerna in the Argolis, in Eutresis and Orchomenos in Boeotia, where so many were found that the excavator spoke of ""bothroi" levels". But they also occur in the Greek colonies of southern Italy, in Etruria, Dacia and Macedonia .
As many of them were in use over a period of several generations, they can provide additional archaeological value, as the sequence from the recent upper findings to the older, deeper lying finds gives important clues for the relative chronology of the found objects.
In Italian, such a pit is known as a "favissa" (plural "favissae").
In biology.
Reflecting its meaning of "recess" or "pit" "bothros" has been incorporated into the names of species and structures in biological taxonomy which show similar features. This includes pit vipers such as Bothriechis and Bothrops asper.

</doc>
<doc id="56968217" url="?curid=56968217" title="El-ghe">
El-ghe


</doc>
<doc id="56968220" url="?curid=56968220" title="MG Type YA">
MG Type YA


</doc>
<doc id="56968227" url="?curid=56968227" title="List of mayors of Noblesville, Indiana">
List of mayors of Noblesville, Indiana


</doc>
<doc id="56968228" url="?curid=56968228" title="Isabel May Tweddle">
Isabel May Tweddle

Isabel May (Diana) Tweddle (1875–1945), was an Australian painter. She was a member of the Melbourne Society of Women Painters and Sculptors and the Twenty Melbourne Painters Society Inc.
Biography.
Tweddle was born Isabel May Hunter on 26 November 1875 in New South Wales. From 1894 through 1897 she studied at the National Gallery School in Melbourne. There she met fellow artist Ada May Plante.
After her studies she began exhibiting at the Victorian Artists Society. In 1904 she married Joseph Thornton Tweddle, an Australian businessman and philanthropist. The couple traveled throughout Europe, and lived in London, England in 1921. Tweddle visited Scandinavia and the Pacific (the Solomon Islands, New Guinea, and Japan). Her paintings from those trips were exhibited in London.
Tweddle had an interest in Post-Impressionist art, mainly though the work of Arnold Shore and William Frater. She is thought to have influenced Sybil Craig, Peggie Crombie and Jessie Mackintosh.
She was a member of many artistic groups in Melbourne; the Contemporary Art Group, the Contemporary Art Society, the Melbourne Society of Women Painters and Sculptors, and the Women's Art Club.
Her paintings are in the collections of the Shepparton Art Museum, the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
She died on 9 July 1945 in Melbourne.
Tweddle Place in the Canberra suburb of Chisholm is named in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="56968239" url="?curid=56968239" title="Someone Great (film)">
Someone Great (film)

Someone Great is a 2019 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Jennifer Kaytin Robinson. The film stars Gina Rodriguez, Brittany Snow, DeWanda Wise, Lakeith Stanfield, and Peter Vack. 
Rodriguez plays a music journalist who decides to go on a last hurrah with her two best friends after her boyfriend dumps her right before she is due to leave the city to take her dream job. 
It was released by Netflix on April 19, 2019.
Plot.
Jenny, a music journalist living in New York City, lands her dream job with "Rolling Stone" in San Francisco. Her boyfriend of nine years, Nate, breaks up with her, and she spirals into a depression. Her best friends Erin, a real estate agent afraid to admit her feelings to her girlfriend Leah, and Blair, a social media manager who needs to break up with her boyfriend Will, with whom she has lost chemistry, are the only ones who can bring her out of it. Jenny contacts Erin and Blair after learning the concert series known as Neon Classic is putting on a pop-up show at Sony Hall and proposes one last adventure together before she moves, both to celebrate a new chapter in her life and to mend her broken heart.
The girls meet up by taking a day off from work. Throughout the day they find it difficult to secure tickets for the concert, eventually obtaining them through Jenny's former college crush, Matt, with whom Blair has sex. Erin and Jenny run into Leah, and Erin clearly has some unresolved issues stemming from her fear of commitment. Blair breaks up with Will after finding him at her apartment without her, and it ends amicably. The girls all go to the concert in the evening and Jenny runs into Nate, but cannot bring herself to talk to him, and gets separated from her friends. Matt takes her to the after-party where she realizes she needs closure.
After a heart-to-heart where Erin admits she needs to grow up and Blair admits that she needs to lower her own expectations, they go to find Jenny at the after-party, but not before Erin meets up with Leah and they acknowledge their feelings for each other and agree to take their relationship slow.
They discover that Jenny is no longer at the after-party and are initially confused when they are told that Jenny left to "finish it", referring to the relationship. Erin realizes that Jenny went to Washington Square Park, where her relationship with Nate began. Jenny is found sitting on the side of the fountain where nine years prior he had written their initials and a smiley face inscribed within a heart. Initially it seems that Nate came to apologize and ask to take her back, but this is proven to be a dream that Jenny had after she passed out. Blair and Erin come to find her and the three walk off together, promising that their friendship will stay strong even after Jenny leaves for San Francisco.
Production.
In February 2018, Gina Rodriguez signed on to star in and produce a film to serve as the directorial debut of Jennifer Kaytin Robinson from a screenplay she wrote. The story was described as being about loss, growing up and, above all, the everlasting bond of female friendships. In March 2018, Brittany Snow and DeWanda Wise were cast to portray the close friends of Rodriguez's character, while Lakeith Stanfield also joined the cast to portray the ex-boyfriend of Rodriguez's character. In April 2018, Rosario Dawson joined the cast of the film. Principal photography on the film began on April 2, 2018.
Inspiration.
"1989", the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, especially the track "Clean", was cited as the inspiration for "Someone Great". The film, in turn, inspired Swift to write "Death by a Thousand Cuts", the tenth track on her seventh studio album "Lover" (2019). Robinson has also cited New Zealand singer Lorde's 2017 song "Supercut" as an inspiration for the film; "[Supercut] existed in the movie before any of the people in the movie existed"—she stated in an interview with "Rolling Stone".
Release.
The film was released on April 19, 2019. Only to Netflix as a Netflix Original.
Critical response.
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 82% based on 51 reviews, with an average rating of 6.01/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "What "Someone Great" lacks in originality it makes up for in relatability and charm, thanks in large part to the undeniable chemistry between its talented leads."
Soundtrack.
After the release of the film, the song "Truth Hurts" by Lizzo, which Erin and a pantsless Jenny sung and danced to in the film's beginning, debuted at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100, later peaking at number 1.

</doc>
<doc id="56968261" url="?curid=56968261" title="Ayşe Erkmen">
Ayşe Erkmen

Ayşe Erkmen (born 1949, Istanbul) is a visual artist recognized as the "one of the foremost Turkish artists." She is living and working in Berlin and in Istanbul.
Influenced by specific sites, histories and geographies Ayşe Erkmen’s works takes the social and physical environment that she is in. Erkmen does not invent new forms, but she transforms architectural and social conditions and contexts. Between 1998-1999 she worked as the Arnold Bode Professor at Kassel Art Academy, and between 2000-2015 she was a lecturer at . Since 2012 Erkmen is a member of the Akademie der Künste, Berlin.
In 2011 Erkmen represented Turkey with her work titled "Plan B", at the 54th International Art Exhibition, Venice Biennale. In 2002, she received the Maria Sibylla Merian Prize of the Ministry for Science and Art of the Hesse state government.
Education.
Ayşe Erkmen was born in Istanbul, Turkey in 1949. She graduated from Academy of Fine Arts, Istanbul, Department of Sculpture in 1977 where she studied in Sadi Çalık studio. In 1993, she participated in the DAAD International Artist Residency Programme in Berlin.
Works.
"I take everyday objects, or more often situations, which I already see as artworks/sculptures, and I work them into artworks that are freed from these starting points. There is a long process of working through to reduce and change the direction. The tension may come from the result of this switch of context or the effort to balance the form and function while creating the work."Since 1977 Ayşe Erkmen "has worked with rooms, walls, floors, ceilings, windows, doors, basements, building facades, roofs, overhead lights, a skylight and an elevator, among others." Erkmen’s research based projects include physical structures but also their use, history, cultural and political connotations. She does not introduce new elements or forms but transforms what is already in the site or in the space."Venice is a unique location. It is all about water. Coming from another city that is also very much about water, it has an unavoidable fascination for me. It has somehow always been a leitmotif in my work. But I still think I am able to look at water beyond clichés and romanticism because it is an element, in all its layers of meanings. It is a topic I am familiar with and which has always been a part of my life."In 2011 Erkmen represented Turkey with her work titled "Plan B", at the 54th International Art Exhibition, Venice Biennale. Composed of connected colored pipes, "Plan B", "draws on the ineluctable and complex relationship Venice has with water. Her project transforms a room inside the Arsenale into a complex water purification unit where machines perform as sculptures, encompassing the audience inside of the filtration process which eventually provides clean, drinkable water back to the canal."
For her work "On Water" at Skulptur Projekte Münster 2017, Erkmen selected inland harbour as her location. She built an underwater bridge, just below the surface, made of ocean cargo containers, steel beams, and steel grates. "On Water" "created the impression that visitors are walking on water. In that sense, they became visible actors on Erkmen’s stage. In addition, the artist pointed out problems of a sociological and city-planning nature: How are borders drawn on maps, and how is sociocultural access achieved on the drawing board? How can existing hurdles be overcome, both physically and metaphorically?"
Exhibitions.
Erkmen has participated in Skulptur Projekte Münster 1997 and 2017, the 2nd, 3rd and 13th Istanbul Biennials; The Pavilion of Turkey at the 54th Venice Biennale; Manifesta 1, 12th Shanghai, 2nd Berlin, 3rd Gwangju, 9th Sharjah, and Scape 2008, 2008 Folkestone Triennial and 3rd Echigo Tsunami Triennial.
Her work was exhibited in institutions and museums such as Akademie der Künste (Berlin), Arter (Istanbul), Auckland Art Space, The Contemporary Austin, Barbican Centre (London), Bonniers Konsthall (Stockholm), Centre Pompidou (Paris), Hamburger Bahnhof–Museum für Gegenwart–Berlin, Hamburger Kunsthalle, Istanbul Modern, Saidaiji Temple (Nara), SALT (Istanbul), SMAK (Gent) and Tanas (Berlin).

</doc>
<doc id="56968262" url="?curid=56968262" title="Bragi Thorfinnsson">
Bragi Thorfinnsson

Bragi Thorfinnsson (born 10 April 1981) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster.
Chess career.
Born in 1981, Bragi earned his international master (IM) title in 2003. He achieved his first grandmaster (GM) norm at the Four Nations Chess League 2012–13, scoring 6½/9 for the Jutes of Kent. He also reached an Elo rating of 2500 after six rounds of this event. He earned the second norm at the 2016–17 Icelandic Team Chess Championship, scoring 7/9, and his final norm at the Kragerø Resort Chess – A tournament in February 2018, scoring 7/9. He was awarded his GM title by FIDE in April 2018, becoming the fourteenth and—at age 36—oldest Icelander to achieve the title. 
He is the No. 10 ranked Icelandic player as of September 2020.
Personal life.
Bragi is the younger brother of IM and journalist Björn Thorfinnsson. Bragi is not a professional chess player, and works full-time as a school teacher. He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="56968268" url="?curid=56968268" title="Cursed (2020 TV series)">
Cursed (2020 TV series)

Cursed is an American fantasy drama streaming television series that premiered on Netflix on July 17, 2020. It is based on the illustrated novel of the same name by Frank Miller and Tom Wheeler. The set location of the series is the United Kingdom. In July 2021, the series was canceled after one season.
Premise.
"Cursed" is described as "a re-imagining of the Arthurian legend, told through the eyes of Nimue, a young heroine with a mysterious gift who is destined to become the powerful (and tragic) Lady of the Lake. After her mother's death, she finds an unexpected partner in Arthur, a young mercenary, in a quest to find Merlin and deliver an ancient sword. Over the course of her journey, Nimue will become a symbol of courage and rebellion against the terrifying Red Paladins, and their complicit King Uther." In another piece on that site, Andreeva calls the show "a coming-of-age story whose themes are familiar to our own time: the obliteration of the natural world, religious terror, senseless war, and finding the courage to lead in the face of the impossible".
Production.
Development.
In 2018 it was announced that Netflix had given the production a series order for a first season consisting of ten episodes. The show is based on the novel of the same name by Frank Miller and Tom Wheeler (Simon &amp; Schuster 2019). In addition to creating the television adaptation, Miller and Wheeler were also expected to executive produce the series as well. In September 2018 it was announced that Zetna Fuentes is set to direct and serve as an executive producer for the first two episodes of the series. On July 9, 2021, Netflix canceled the series after one season.
Casting.
In September 2018, Katherine Langford was cast in the series' lead role. In March 2019, it was announced Devon Terrell, Gustaf Skarsgård, Peter Mullan, Lily Newmark, Shalom Brune-Franklin, Daniel Sharman, Sebastian Armesto, Emily Coates and Billy Jenkins had joined the cast. Creator Frank Miller appears in a cameo.
Filming.
In January 2019, set building began on disused Army land in Deepcut, England. This was expected to continue until March 2019, with filming then scheduled to start and continue until September 2019.
Release.
The series was released on Netflix on July 17, 2020.
Reception.
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes compiled 52 reviews, identified 67% of them as positive, and assessed an average rating of 6.06/10. The website's critics consensus states, ""Cursed"s first season isn't as subversive as its source material, but strong plotting and a heroic performance from Katherine Langford make for an enjoyable escape." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the show a score of 59 out of 100 based on 13 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Lucy Mangan from "The Guardian" criticized the writing and the acting, but wrote that "at times during its 10 beautifully meaningless hours, it's great fun". Huw Fullerton of "Radio Times" also opined about the "awkward performances and exposition" while saying that the series "never quite feels big enough to tell this epic story [...] but overall the storytelling does a good job of showcasing varied, interesting characters in a growing cycle of violence." Kelly Lawler of "USA Today" reviewed the series in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic, giving it an overall positive review, but stating that she was not sure whether it was good or simply "quarantine good".

</doc>
<doc id="56968271" url="?curid=56968271" title="Em-ghe">
Em-ghe


</doc>
<doc id="56968281" url="?curid=56968281" title="Red Hot Speed">
Red Hot Speed

Red Hot Speed is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery and starring Reginald Denny, Alice Day and Charles Byer. It was made during the conversion from silent to sound film, and had talking sequences using the Movietone recording system.
Synopsis.
The daughter of a newspaper owner is arrested for speeding. In order to avoid embarrassing her father, who is in the middle of an anti-speeding campaign, she gives a false name to the authorities. She is then turned over to the district attorney who is unaware of her real identity.

</doc>
<doc id="56968284" url="?curid=56968284" title="Marta Skulme">
Marta Skulme

Marta Skulme (); (May 13, 1890 – January 3, 1962) was the first professional Latvian woman sculptor. She was a member of the Riga Artists Group.
Biography.
Marta Skulme was born on May 13, 1890 in Mālpils Municipality in a family of a farmer.
Skulme studied at Art School in Kazan (1912–1914) and at Tavricheskaya Art School in Petrograd (1914–1918) under the guidance of sculptor Leonid Sherwood. She worked mainly in small forms of sculpture, although she possessed excellent gift of a monumentalist (in 1924 she shared the 1st prize with Kārlis Zāle in the competition for the Freedom Monument). The plastic art of Marta Skulme has developed to artistic generalization. Her images possess elements of spiritual balance, inner nobility. The sculptress worked in different materials (granite, bronze, wood), however the majority of her sculptures are performed in plaster castings. She participated in exhibitions since 1920. Her works have been presented at the republican, USSR exhibitions and abroad.
Marta Skulme died on January 3, 1962 in Riga. She was buried on January 7, 1962 at the Riga Forest Cemetery.
Selected works.
Sculptural portraits:
Figurative compositions:

</doc>
<doc id="56968288" url="?curid=56968288" title="Rede van Texel">
Rede van Texel

The Rede van Texel, formerly Reede van Texel, was a roadstead off the Dutch island of Texel. It was of considerable importance to Dutch long-distance shipping between roughly 1500 and 1800. The Rede van Texel was located off the east side of the island, near the town of Oudeschild.
Functions.
At the roadstead ships from cities around the Zuiderzee safely anchored and waited for favourable sailing conditions, hired pilots and picked up provisions and sometimes additional crewmembers. A lot of transloading was done at the Rede van Texel, as the shoals of the Zuiderzee prevented most ships from sailing to and from their ports fully laden.
The ships anchoring at the Rede van Texel, sometimes up to 150 together, were mainly merchantmen, most notably from the Dutch East India Company, but also whalers and war ships. For the island of Texel the roadstead meant a substantial source of income.
Safety.
The safety that the roadstead provided was only relative. Frequently storms would damage or sink ships, sometimes dozens in one day. Some 44 fully laden merchantmen were lost on Christmas Eve 1593, littering the east coast of Texel with bodies and wreckage. The Dutch merchant and poet Roemer Visscher suffered a sizeable loss that night and named his third daughter Maria Tesselschade ("Texel Damage") after the disaster. In December 1660 upwards of 100 ships may have been lost in a storm at the Rede van Texel. It is estimated that a total of between 500 and 1000 ships were sunk at the roadstead.
In 1574 William the Silent had a fort built near Oudeschild to protect the Rede van Texel, which must have been one of the busiest ports at the time.
Decline.
In the course of the nineteenth century the Rede van Texel lost most of its purpose. Both the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War and the French occupation had already been disastrous for Dutch merchant shipping, with a decline of activity at the roadstead in its wake. This was followed by the opening of the Noordhollandsch Kanaal in 1824, bypassing Texel to some extent, and the introduction of the steamship, which didn't have to wait for favourable winds. The opening of the North Sea Canal finished what was left of the roadstead, as ships from the mainport of Amsterdam bypassed Texel altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="56968294" url="?curid=56968294" title="Bragi Þorfinnsson">
Bragi Þorfinnsson


</doc>
<doc id="56968309" url="?curid=56968309" title="Abralia (Asteroteuthis)">
Abralia (Asteroteuthis)


</doc>
<doc id="56968321" url="?curid=56968321" title="Catherine Falade">
Catherine Falade

Catherine Olufunke Falade (née Falodun) is a professor of pharmacology and therapeutics and also the director of the Institute for Advanced Medical Research &amp; Training at the College of Medicine at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria.
She is also a healthcare practitioner specializing as a pharmacologist at the University College Hospital, Ibadan.
Her research interest focuses on malaria in children. She collaborates with the Malaria Control Units of both the State and Federal Ministries of Health.
Background.
Education.
Falade obtained her MB.BS (with distinction in Pediatrics) from the University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria from 1969 to June, 1975 and masters in pharmacology and therapeutics from 1999 to February 2001 from the same institution.
Career.
Falade had her first academic appointment at the University of Ibadan on 28 May 1994 and she was promoted to the position of senior lecturer on 1 October 1997. She was the Acting Head of Department at the department of pharmacology and therapeutics from March 2004 to August 2006 and served as the Head of Department from August 2010 to June 2013. She has taught pharmacology and therapeutic courses both in undergraduate and postgraduate levels at the University of Ibadan and has served as an external examiner in various universities which include; University of Lagos, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ambrose Alli University, Ahmadu Bello University, University of Ilorin, and other institutions. She won the Catherine &amp; Frank D MacArthur Fellowship in 1997. She was a member CDA Independent Data and Safety Management Committee from October 2006 to 2009; member, Pediatric ACT Advisory Committee of Medicine for Malaria Venture (MMV) from September 2007 to date; examiner, National Postgraduate Medical College from 2006 to date; Resource person, West African College of Physicians from 2000 to date; examiner, West African College of Surgeons from 2006 to date. Her research works have been funded by organizations like SmithKline Beecham, the World Health Organization Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases (WHO/TDR), Glaxo Wellcome, GlaxoSmithKline, the USAID.
She was made a Fellow of the Nigerian Academy of Science in 2016.
Works.
She has supervised undergraduate and postgraduate students as well as residents in clinical pharmacology and she has also served as a resource person for peer review journals. She has also collaborated with other researchers as well as carrying out independent researches.

</doc>
<doc id="56968323" url="?curid=56968323" title="Eric Taylor (American musician)">
Eric Taylor (American musician)


</doc>
<doc id="56968361" url="?curid=56968361" title="Monson, New Hampshire">
Monson, New Hampshire

Monson was a town located in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire. Monson became abandoned in 1770 due to the poor soil on the lands and the limited resources it had at the time. The land that was Monson is now parts of the towns of Hollis, Milford, Amherst, and Brookline.

</doc>
<doc id="56968364" url="?curid=56968364" title="List of Mario series video games">
List of Mario series video games


</doc>
<doc id="56968366" url="?curid=56968366" title="Deokinandan Narayan">
Deokinandan Narayan

Deokinandan Narayan was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament as member of the Indian National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="56968384" url="?curid=56968384" title="3Racha (version 2)">
3Racha (version 2)


</doc>
<doc id="56968397" url="?curid=56968397" title="Lola Visual Effects">
Lola Visual Effects

Lola Visual Effects (or simply Lola) is a company that provides computer generated (CG) effects on live action photography for feature films, episodics, and streaming content.  Lola was founded in January 2004 and is owned and operated by the founders—Edson Williams and Thomas Nittmann.  Headquarters are located in Los Angeles with subsidiaries in New York City, New Orleans, and London.  Lola was the first visual effects company to offer digital cosmetic enhancements to alter an actor's on-screen film appearance; the service is similar to "photoshopping" a still image of a person but significantly more complex as there are multiple frames, actor movement, lighting changes, and camera moves.  In 2006, Lola completed the first digital age reduction on Magneto and Professor X on the feature film "".
Locations.
Lola has offices in the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="56968425" url="?curid=56968425" title="Joane Mathews">
Joane Mathews

Joane K. Mathews is a brigadier general in the Wisconsin Army National Guard.
Career and education.
Mathews received her commission in the United States Army through the Reserve Officers' Training Corps in 1986 and was assigned to the United States Army Aviation School. She later flew in several missions during Operation Provide Comfort.
In 1997, Mathews transferred to the Wisconsin Army National Guard. She was named Chief of Staff in 2013. In 2016, Mathews was promoted to brigadier general by Governor Scott Walker and was appointed Assistant Adjutant General for Readiness and Training. In 2020, Mathews was nominated for promotion to major general.
Decorations Mathews has received include the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with two oak leaf clusters, the Army Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal and the Master Army Aviator Badge.
Mathews is a graduate of Lakeland Union High School in Minocqua, Wisconsin. Other schools she attended include the University of North Dakota, the United States Army War College and the United States Army Command and General Staff College.

</doc>
<doc id="56968432" url="?curid=56968432" title="Harry Mosco">
Harry Mosco

Harry Mosco Agada was the lead vocalist of the band "The Funkees", when the band split up after FESTAC 77, Mosco released solo albums under his name.
Between 1966 and 1969 and prior to the Funkees formation, Mosco was a musician with Celestine Ukwu's band. Thereafter, he founded "The Funkees" along with other musicians such as Chyke Madu. The band had success with two singles, "Akula/Onye Mmanya" and "Akpakoro", following the success of the singles, the band move to England to widen their audience.
In 1977, the Funkees were invited to perform at FESTAC 77, following the event, the band went on a tour in Nigeria. After they returned to their base in the U.K., factions already developed among band members created a crisis that eventually led to the band's breakup. Mosco got label support from Nigeria businessman, G.A.D. Tabansi and released a solo album which was unsuccessful; during this early solo period, he also performed with Nana Love's band. Mosco's next two albums, "Country boy" and "Sugar Cane Baby", were successful.
Mosco died in 2012.
Discography.
Solo

</doc>
<doc id="56968434" url="?curid=56968434" title="Abraliopsis (Boreabraliopsis)">
Abraliopsis (Boreabraliopsis)


</doc>
<doc id="56968451" url="?curid=56968451" title="CHIVA">
CHIVA


</doc>
<doc id="56968455" url="?curid=56968455" title="2000–01 FINA Swimming World Cup">
2000–01 FINA Swimming World Cup

The 2000–2001 FINA Swimming World Cup was a series of ten international short course (25m) swimming meets organized by FINA. The meets were held in ten different cities, from November 2000 through January 2001. Each featured 34 events: seventeen for males and seventeen for females.
Meets.
Dates and locations for the 2000–2001 World Cup meets were:

</doc>
<doc id="56968502" url="?curid=56968502" title="Hyperkin RetroN 1">
Hyperkin RetroN 1


</doc>
<doc id="56968504" url="?curid=56968504" title="Fez (game)">
Fez (game)


</doc>
<doc id="56968512" url="?curid=56968512" title="1975–76 Yorkshire Football League">
1975–76 Yorkshire Football League

The 1975–76 Yorkshire Football League was the 50th season in the history of the Yorkshire Football League, a football competition in England.
Division One.
Division One featured 12 clubs which competed in the previous season, along with four new clubs, promoted from Division Two:
Division Two.
Division Two featured eight clubs which competed in the previous season, along with eight new clubs.
Division Three.
Division Three featured ten clubs which competed in the previous season, along with six new clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="56968523" url="?curid=56968523" title="Elena Ghiba-Birta">
Elena Ghiba-Birta


</doc>
<doc id="56968525" url="?curid=56968525" title="Wei-Chuan USA">
Wei-Chuan USA

Wei-Chuan USA was founded by the original parent company Wei-Chuan Food Corporation of Taiwan in 1972. Wei-Chuan USA's corporate logo includes five red circles which represent the five basic flavors: sweet, sour, salty, bitter, and umami. Wei-Chuan USA is known for its frozen oriental food and ingredient and its product can be found in numerous grocery stores and restaurants..In 1998, the Wei-Chuan USA spin off from its parent company creating Wei-Chuan Asia and Wei-Chuan USA, now operating separately from one another. The parent company Wei-Chuan was spin-off and sold to Ting Hsin International Group. As part of the agreement, Wei-Chuan also divest from Wei-Chuan USA and sold its share to the founding family of Hotai. As such, Wei-Chuan USA now operating separately from Wei-Chuan Food Corporation.
The company is now associated with Hotai Motor
Wei-Chuan USA now employs more than 500 workers, operates two manufacturing facilities in Los Angeles and Tennessee, and six distribution centers located in Jersey City, San Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, City of Industry, and Houston. It is currently one of the largest Asian food manufacturer base in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56968533" url="?curid=56968533" title="Barras Heath">
Barras Heath


</doc>
<doc id="56968539" url="?curid=56968539" title="Cheng Shikai">
Cheng Shikai


</doc>
<doc id="56968542" url="?curid=56968542" title="Navid Nasseri">
Navid Nasseri

Navid Nasseri (; born 26 July 1996) is an Iranian-English professional footballer who plays for Larne.
Club career.
Nasseri played for the Manchester United Academy until the age of 16. He subsequently had stints with the academies of Crewe Alexandra, Blackburn Rovers and Bury.
Nasseri joined Birmingham City on a one-year deal in July 2014 and was assigned to the development squad. After making eight appearances for the side, his contract was terminated by mutual consent.
On 28 October 2016, Nasseri signed for Macclesfield Town. In the winter of 2017, he trialled with Swedish clubs AIK and GIF Sundsvall. In March 2017, he joined Syrianska in the same country.
On 26 January 2018, Nasseri signed with League One club Gillingham for the remainder of the season. He made his professional debut on 10 March, coming on as a late substitute in a 3–1 away win against Portsmouth. He scored a goal in his first start for the club on 29 March 2018 against MK Dons. He signed a one-year deal with the club in May 2018, but he made just four further league appearances for the club before his contract was cancelled by mutual consent in January 2019.
After an unsuccessful trial with Dutch side RKC Waalwijk, Nasseri signed for NIFL Premiership side Glentoran in October 2019. He scored on his debut on 9 October 2019 as the club fell to a 2–1 defeat to Coleraine in the Northern Ireland Football League Cup, before making his full league debut three days later in a 3–1 win over Carrick Rangers. On 31 July 2020, Nasseri and Glentoran won the 2019–20 Irish Cup.
The day after winning the Irish Cup it was announced that Nasseri had signed for Linfield. Nasseri made his Linfield debut in a UEFA Champions League Preliminary round game against Tre Fiori. On 16 August 2021 it was announced Nasseri had signed for Larne, as part of a player exchange deal involving Martin Donnelly.
Honours.
Glentoran
Linfield

</doc>
<doc id="56968600" url="?curid=56968600" title="Maumtrasna murders">
Maumtrasna murders


</doc>
<doc id="56968607" url="?curid=56968607" title="Ted Sobel">
Ted Sobel

Ted Sobel (born July 14, 1953) is an American sportscaster and author who is the longest current tenured Los Angeles-based radio sports reporter. He has worked mostly with CBS Radio since 1985. Sobel is the network's in-studio host and producer of Sports USA Radio's NFL pre, halftime, and postgame shows in addition to providing in-game scoreboard updates during Sunday doubleheader broadcasts. Since 2004, Ted has been a sideline reporter for Sports USA Radio's NFL and NCAA games of the week while also hosting podcasts for the network along with field reporting covering all major sports, most notably the Masters Tournament. Sobel completed his first book "Touching Greatness" in 2021.
Education.
Sobel is a Fairfax High School grad who later enrolled at Los Angeles City College in their Radio and TV Broadcast Department. He is listed as a Los Angeles City College distinguished alum.
Early career.
Sobel has been credentialed by the Los Angeles Dodgers, Los Angeles Lakers, and Los Angeles Kings since 1973 and the Anaheim Angels a year later when he was mostly stringing as a reporter for many of the major news/sports outlets. These included: the Associated Press Radio (AP), United Press International Radio (UPI), ESPN Radio, Mutual Broadcasting System, Westwood One, WFAN Radio in New York, Sports Fan Radio Network, Radio-Canada Montreal (French speaking network), and others.
In 1977, Ted became the Public Address Announcer for the Pacific Hockey League's Long Beach Sharks. He also got his first professional play-by-play opportunities that season with the Sharks on local cable TV and on radio with the league’s Phoenix Roadrunners. He has completed 10 seasons of hockey play-by-play including five with the IHL Los Angeles/Long Beach Ice Dogs (until the league folded in 2000) on KPLS and KMAX-FM in Southern California while also being the voice of the first pro sports franchise to ever broadcast a full season schedule on the Internet at Broadcast Dot Com. He also did hockey play-by-play at the University of Wisconsin (including two games vs. the 'Miracle on Ice' Olympic Gold Medal winning team in 1980) on WIBA Radio. He did play-by-play for the New Hampshire/Cape Cod Freedoms of the North Eastern Hockey League and was the club's public relations and media director. He called the playoffs and championship series for the NEHL's Hampton Aces, and was a radio color analyst for the San Diego Mariners of the Pacific Hockey League.
Sobel was also the game reporter and in-studio host on the NHL's Mighty Ducks of Anaheim inaugural 1993 telecast on KHJ-Channel 9 in Los Angeles.
Work in Los Angeles.
Sobel returned to Los Angeles after his time in Madison, Wisconsin to do radio play-by-play for Long Beach State basketball and football (their last PCAA Conference championship team) on KNAC-FM and U.C. Irvine basketball on KWVE-FM in 1980-82.
In 1985 Sobel began working as a sports anchor and field reporter for the CBS-owned and operated KNX Radio where he continued until joining KMPC Radio when they became the first all-sports station in Los Angeles in 1992. He was an update anchor, field reporter, and talk show host for the Gene Autry-owned station while also producing Los Angeles Rams and UCLA football postgame shows. Sobel continued to work on assignment for KNX most recently covering the 2016 Masters Tournament for Los Angeles' only all-news station.
In 1994, Sobel moved over to radio station KFWB where he was also a sports anchor/reporter and talk show host and the lone survivor of four different format changes (the last being all-sports "The Beast 980") until the station was sold in 2016. He also hosted Los Angeles Dodgers pre and postgame shows from 2003-2007 on the Dodgers flagship station and some NBA Los Angeles Clippers pre and post game shows as part of their flagship station. He has reported from numerous Super Bowls, World Series, NBA Finals, NHL Stanley Cup Finals, Rose Bowl games, NCAA Football and Basketball National Championships, Summer Olympics, U.S. Open Golf and Tennis, PGA Championship, World Cup of Soccer, Breeders Cup and Triple Crown horse races, etc. He broke several big stories including the Wayne Gretzky trade from Los Angeles to St. Louis and the NFL's Seattle Seahawks brief move to Los Angeles in 1996.
Awards.
Sobel was a three time Golden Mike winner for best sports news reporting in Southern California radio while at KFWB where he also enjoyed being part of a record 10-year run of winning the prestigious Best Radio Anchor Staff awards presented by the Southern California Sports Broadcasters Association.
Other sports assignments.
Sobel spent seven years as the 18th green announcer at the LPGA's first major of the year: the ANA Inspiration (formerly known as the Kraft Nabisco Championship) in Rancho Mirage, California. He was the on-court stadium announcer for over 15 years at the now defunct Los Angeles Open ATP World Tour 250 tennis tournament at UCLA (through 2012), most recently known as the Farmers Classic under the direction of Bob and Jack Kramer where he also did tennis play by play for their in-house radio setup to the attending fans. Sobel's extensive voice over work includes many local commercials while also being the hockey arena public address announcer's voice for the 1986 movie "Touch and Go" for Tri-Star Pictures starring Michael Keaton.
Personal life.
A Los Angeles native, Sobel is one of four children born to parents Bernie and Sherry Sobel. His mother was a big band and USO singer (including with the Frankie Ortega Orchestra) who used the stage name Shari Fare. Her maiden name was Foreman and was the sister of six-time Academy Award nominee Carl Foreman who won the Oscar for his best written adapted screenplay of the 1958 Oscar winning best picture "The Bridge on the River Kwai". Sobel is also a first cousin to author Amanda Foreman and her journalist brother Jonathan Foreman.

</doc>
<doc id="56968637" url="?curid=56968637" title="Western Zhou Period">
Western Zhou Period


</doc>
<doc id="56968654" url="?curid=56968654" title="Xenion ignitum">
Xenion ignitum

Xenion ignitum is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is the sole species of the monotypic genus "Xenion".
Subspecies.
These two subspecies belong to the species "Xenion ignitum":

</doc>
<doc id="56968665" url="?curid=56968665" title="Cornus subg. Kraniopsis">
Cornus subg. Kraniopsis


</doc>
<doc id="56968698" url="?curid=56968698" title="Krasiao dam">
Krasiao dam


</doc>
<doc id="56968700" url="?curid=56968700" title="Al-Buraq mosque">
Al-Buraq mosque


</doc>
<doc id="56968704" url="?curid=56968704" title="Regulation of Termination of Pregnancy Bill 2018">
Regulation of Termination of Pregnancy Bill 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56968705" url="?curid=56968705" title="Doja Cat">
Doja Cat

Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini (born October 21, 1995), known professionally as Doja Cat (), is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. Born and raised in Los Angeles, she began making and releasing music on SoundCloud as a teenager. Her song "So High" caught the attention of Kemosabe and RCA Records, with which she signed a joint record deal at the age of 17, subsequently releasing her debut EP "Purrr!" in 2014.
After a hiatus from commercial music and the uneventful release of her debut studio album, "Amala" (2018), Doja Cat earned viral success as an internet meme with her 2018 single "Mooo!", a novelty song in which she fantasizes about being a cow. Her second studio album, "Hot Pink" (2019), reached the top 10 of the US "Billboard" 200 and spawned the single "Say So", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart following the release of a remix featuring Nicki Minaj. This album was followed by "Planet Her" (2021), which spent three consecutive weeks at number 2 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned the top 20 singles "Kiss Me More" (featuring SZA), "Need to Know" and "You Right" (with the Weeknd).
Described by "The Wall Street Journal" as "a skilled technical rapper with a strong melodic sense and a bold visual presence", Doja Cat is known for creating music videos and songs that achieve popularity on social media applications such as TikTok and YouTube. She is also well-versed in the internet herself, and is famed for her absurdly humorous personality and online presence. She has received numerous accolades throughout her career, including a "Billboard" Music Award, two American Music Awards and three MTV Video Music Awards, among nominations for three Grammy Awards.
Early life.
Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini was born on October 21, 1995, into an artistic family in the Tarzana neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Her mother is a Jewish-American painter. Her father, Dumisani Dlamini, is a South African actor, composer, and film producer of Zulu descent best known for starring in the 1992 musical film "Sarafina!." According to Doja Cat, she never met her father growing up. Her father has denied this claim, stating that he has a "healthy" relationship with his daughter.
Soon after her birth, Dlamini and her mother moved to New York City, where they lived for five years. Her family later moved back to California in Oak Park, where her mother enrolled her in ballet, tap and jazz lessons from the age of five. Her aunt, a singer, gave Dlamini singing lessons to help her get into a performing arts school. Her family then moved near the Sherman Oaks neighborhood of Los Angeles when she was 11 years old, where they lived in an ashram in the mountains of Agoura Hills and practiced Hinduism for four years. It was here that Dlamini wore head-covering scarves and sang bhajans at temple, and American jazz musician Alice Coltrane (under the Sanskrit name Turiyasangitananda) was the swami. She claims that she lacked interest in school from then on, instead taking a liking for dance. While at the ashram she had been dancing the style of Indian classical dance called Bharatanatyam. As she grew older and moved away from the ashram, she moved on to breakdancing classes and joined a professional poplocking troupe with whom she competed in dance battles throughout Los Angeles while still attending high school. She also frequently skipped school to participate in online chatrooms. She eventually dropped out of high school at age 16 while in her junior year.
Career.
2012–2017: Career beginnings and record deal.
Doja Cat has described life after dropping out of school as "messy", claiming that she slept on the floor and spent "all night and day" browsing the internet, looking for beats and instrumentals from YouTube which she downloaded and used to create her own music. She taught herself to sing, rap and use GarageBand while at home without a job, frequently making music and uploading it to SoundCloud. She got her stage name from one of her cats as well as her favorite strain of marijuana, stating, "I was heavily addicted to weed and weed culture, so when I began rapping I thought of the word 'doja' and how it sounds like a girl's name." In late 2012, "So High" became the first permanent upload on her SoundCloud account, and soon caught the attention of Dr. Luke, who signed her to Kemosabe Records, RCA Records and publishing company Prescription Songs when she was aged 17. This deal also came with a temporary artist management partnership with Roc Nation.
In August 2014, Doja Cat released her debut EP, "Purrr!", described as "spacey, eastern-influenced R&amp;B" by "The Fader". "So High" was repackaged and released as her solo commercial debut single prior to the EP's release, and was later featured on the Fox series "Empire" in the third episode of the show's first season. In mid-2015, Doja Cat signed to OG Maco's label, OGG. Following the signing, in late 2016, Maco and Doja Cat collaborated on the song "Monster", from Maco's 2017 mixtape, "Children of The Rage".
2018–2019: "Amala" and "Mooo!".
In February 2018, Doja Cat released the promotional single "Roll with Us". The following month, she released the single "Go to Town", which was released with an accompanying music video on the same day and would become the lead single from her debut album. "Candy" was released as the album's second single that same month. The track would become a sleeper hit after a "dance challenge" on the video-sharing platform TikTok went viral in late 2019. Consequently, the single charted in countries such as Australia, Canada and the United States, with the latter having the song peak at 86 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making this her first solo entry on the chart. On March 30, 2018, her debut studio album "Amala" was released, including the three singles. She later claimed to have been under the influence of marijuana for most of the production of the album. "NPR" described the album as a "manifesto of a young woman striving to take ownership of her craft, her image and her sexuality, mixing genres like dancehall, trap, house and R&amp;B with a healthy dose of sass and humor." At the time of its release, the album was largely ignored by critics and failed to chart in any market. The album would later peak at number 138 on the "Billboard" 200 in late 2019.
In August 2018, Doja Cat uploaded the completely self-produced music video for her song "Mooo!", a novelty song with absurdist lyrics in which she fantasizes about being a cow, on YouTube. The video garnered attention and viral success as a meme. Due to popular demand following the music video's viral success, she released a single version of "Mooo!" later that month. In February 2019, she released the single and accompanying video for "Tia Tamera" featuring Rico Nasty, which preceded the release of a deluxe edition of "Amala".
The re-release of the album included three new songs, including "Mooo!" and "Juicy". A remix of "Juicy" featuring Tyga and its accompanying music video were released in August 2019, as the lead single from her second studio album. . Following the release of the remix, the song debuted at number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, marking Doja Cat's first entry on the chart, and ultimately peaked at number 41. The song would eventually be certified Platinum in the United States. It led to "Amala" debuting for the first time on the "Billboard" 200 album chart in August as well.
2019–2020: Breakthrough with "Hot Pink".
In October 2019, Doja Cat released "Bottom Bitch", the second single from her second album. This was followed by the release of the single "Rules" alongside the announcement of her second studio album "Hot Pink". "Hot Pink" was released on November 7, 2019 to generally favorable reviews. The album would eventually peak at number 9 on the "Billboard" 200. She later released the single "Boss Bitch" as part of for the 2020 film "Birds of Prey".
In January 2020, "Say So" was sent to radio to become the fourth single off of her album "Hot Pink". The song was originally released alongside the album in November 2019, but gained wider popularity through the video-sharing platform TikTok. She performed the song on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in February 2020. The next day, she released the music video for the song, directed by Hannah Lux Davis. The solo version of "Say So" peaked at number five on the Hot 100, becoming her first top-ten single, and was the most streamed song of 2020 by a female artist in the United States. In May 2020, following the release of a remix of "Say So" featuring Nicki Minaj, the single topped the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the first number-one single for both artists. The remix also marked the first female collaboration since "Fancy" by Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX as well as the first ever female rap collaboration to peak atop the chart.
In March 2020, Doja Cat was set to embark on the "Hot Pink" Tour in support of the album, before it was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
She was featured on a remix of Canadian singer The Weeknd's single "In Your Eyes" in May 2020, as well as on the single "Shimmy" by rapper Lil Wayne from the deluxe version of his 2020 album "Funeral". In June, she was featured on the single "Pussy Talk" by the rap duo City Girls. She released the music video for her single "Like That". She also uploaded the demo song "Unisex Freestyle" to SoundCloud in late June 2020. At the 20th BET Awards, Doja Cat was nominated for two awards, Best Female Hip Hop Artist and Video of the Year.
In August 2020, the song "Freak", which had been on SoundCloud since 2018, was officially released on digital platforms. She won the award for Push Best New Artist at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards, where she also performed a medley of the songs "Say So" and "Like That". She was credited as a lead artist on the remix for Chloe x Halle's song "Do It", which also featured City Girls and Mulatto, the following month. She was featured alongside Australian singer Sia on the track "Del Mar" from Puerto Rican singer Ozuna's 2020 album "Enoc", also released in September. The "Juicy" remix featuring Tyga was nominated for Top R&amp;B Song at the 2020 "Billboard" Music Awards. Doja Cat was featured on American singer Bebe Rexha's single "Baby, I'm Jealous", the lead single from Rexha's upcoming second studio album, in October 2020. She performed a burlesque-themed medley of "Juicy", "Say So" and "Like That" at the 2020 "Billboard" Music Awards, inspired by "Chicago" and "Moulin Rouge". That same month, Doja Cat performed both "Baby, I'm Jealous" with Rexha and "Del Mar" with Ozuna on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", respectively. Doja Cat was featured on the album track "Motive" from Ariana Grande's 2020 album "Positions," which peaked at number 32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming both her highest debut and second-ever top 40 entry.
Doja Cat performed a metal rendition of "Say So" at the 2020 MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony, where she also won the award for Best New Act. She won the award for The New Artist of 2020 at the 46th People's Choice Awards. She additionally won both New Artist of the Year and Favourite Soul/R&amp;B Female Artist at the 2020 American Music Awards ceremony, where she performed "Baby, I'm Jealous" with Bebe Rexha.
According to sales in the United States, "Billboard" ranked Doja Cat at number five on both the Top New Artists of 2020 and Top Female Artists of 2020 charts. After her on-demand audio streams in the U.S. increased by 300% from 2019, "Rolling Stone" ranked her at number one on their list of the ten biggest breakthrough artists of 2020. "Cosmopolitan" declared Doja Cat "hip-hop's most fierce upcoming rapper." "Forbes" named Doja Cat "one of the top breakout stars of 2020" while including her on their annual 30 Under 30 list. "The Kyiv Post" called her "one of the biggest rising female artists in the U.S. music scene." Doja Cat was the fourth most-Googled musician of 2020 in the United States.
On December 24, 2020, Doja Cat released a series of videos on her YouTube channel named "Hot Pink Sessions" where she performed three songs twice with two different "looks". On December 31, 2020, Doja Cat performed "Say So", "Like That", and "Juicy" at the annual Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve show.
2021: "Planet Her".
On January 7, 2021, Doja Cat was featured on the single "Best Friend" by rapper Saweetie, and appeared in the accompanying music video. The following week, Doja Cat appeared alongside Megan Thee Stallion on the remix of "34+35" by Ariana Grande. Following the release of the remix, the song reached a new peak of number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In early 2021, Doja's song "Streets" became a sleeper hit after live performances of the song went viral on TikTok. TikTok also spawned a viral challenge which uses a mashup of "Streets" and "Put Your Head on My Shoulder" by Paul Anka. This caused the song to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it peaked at number 16. Doja Cat was nominated for three awards at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, namely Best New Artist, and her single "Say So" being nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. In 2021, she was placed on ""Time"s 100 Next" list, which highlights 100 emerging figures, with her write-up being penned by American recording artist Lil Nas X.
Doja Cat officially revealed the title of her third studio album, "Planet Her", in a March 2021 interview with "V". On April 10, the song "Kiss Me More" featuring SZA was released alongside a music video as the lead single for the album. It received critical acclaim, and commercial success, spending nineteen consecutive weeks within the top 10 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, breaking the record for the most weeks in the top 10 by a female collaboration. The song peaked at number 3 and became Doja Cat's third top 10 hit. Later that month, Doja Cat performed the songs "Best Friend" with Saweetie, "Rules", "Streets" and a solo version of "Kiss Me More" at Triller's inaugural Fight Club event. On April 23, 2021, Doja Cat launched an NFT marketplace titled "Juicy Drops". In May 2021, Doja Cat won the award for Top Female R&amp;B Artist at the 2021 "Billboard" Music Awards, where she performed "Kiss Me More" with SZA. Later that month, she performed a solo version of the same song in a medley with "Streets" and "Say So" at the 2021 iHeartRadio Music Awards, where she won the award for Best New Pop Artist.
The song "Need to Know" was released alongside a music video as the first promotional single from "Planet Her" on June 11, 2021. Doja Cat wrote that it was released in anticipation of the "more important" second single, which was confirmed to be "You Right" with Canadian singer The Weeknd. Doja Cat officially announced the release of "Planet Her" and revealed its tracklist and album art via social media a few hours before the release of "Need to Know". The album was released to generally positive reviews, and opened at number two on the "Billboard" 200 where it remained for another two weeks, becoming the first album to spend its first three weeks at number two on the chart since "The Pinkprint" (2014) by Nicki Minaj in January 2015. Elsewhere, it topped the charts in New Zealand, and landed in the top 5 in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, Norway and Ireland. Doja Cat guest starred as the temporary romantic interest of American rapper and comedian Lil Dicky in season 2 of the TV series "Dave", which premiered on June 16, 2021. On September 10, she was announced as a Pepsi ambassador and starred in an advertisement in which she performs a modern reenactment of the song "You're the One That I Want" from the musical film Grease, as part of a campaign celebrating the launch of the Pepsi-Cola Soda Shop. Her first-ever gig as a television presenter, Doja Cat hosted the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards ceremony, where she also performed the songs "Been Like This" and "You Right". She won the awards for Best Collaboration (shared with SZA for "Kiss Me More") and Best Art Direction (shared with Saweetie for "Best Friend"), among nominations for Artist of the Year, Video of the Year and Best Visual Effects. It is the first time in history where a nominee in the Video of the Year category hosted the ceremony in that same year. Doja Cat was praised for her presenting abilities, with "Pitchfork" noting that she "reinvent[ed] award-show hosting". She was featured on the song "Scoop" from Lil Nas X's debut studio album "Montero", which was released on September 17.
Artistry.
Influences.
Doja Cat cites Nicki Minaj, Rihanna, Beyoncé, D'Angelo, Missy Elliott, Janet Jackson, and Prince, among her biggest musical influences. She also draws inspiration from her background engaging in online activities and delving into sub-cultures as a suburban teenager, as well as the artists her mother exposed to her as a child such as D'Angelo, Erykah Badu, Jamiroquai, Earth, Wind &amp; Fire, Black Eyed Peas, Tupac, Aaliyah, DMX, India Arie and TLC. Doja Cat has cited the Hindu culture of her childhood as well as Japanese culture as inspiration for "Purrr!" (2014) and other aspects of her early career. She has described her music as "a sponge soaking up water," stating: "I really pull from everyone. I'm absorbent... if I hear a beat Busta Rhymes would absolutely kill, I'll use my voice to do a flow similar to his."
On the song "Get Into It (Yuh)" from her third studio album, "Planet Her" (2021), Doja Cat pays tribute to Nicki Minaj and borrows lyrics and rap delivery from her debut 2010 single "Massive Attack". Critics noted that the album as whole was largely influenced by Minaj herself, with "The New Yorker" noting that she "build[s] upon the pop-rap legacy established by her predecessor Nicki Minaj," and "Consequence" highlighting that on "Get Into It (Yuh)" she "thanks Nicki Minaj directly for paving the way for her polished pop-rap career." "XXL" writer Stacy-Ann Ellis noticed Minaj and Doja Cat's "similar cartoonish rap deliveries and whimsical sartorial selects" on the latter's earlier repertoire. 
Musical style and themes.
When asked about her legacy, she revealed that in future she would like to be remembered for her versatility in not only music but also visual art and dance. Her second full-length studio album, "Hot Pink", is built with her own beats as well as a series of videos written and conceived by herself. Doja called "Hot Pink" a firm restart for her career, and the most "refined, chiseled" representation of herself. Her escapist fantasy worldview is reflected in the music by its upbeat production style. The record was inspired by some drastic lifestyle changes.
Doja Cat has said, "There are people who rap in a certain way, because they want to do something so elaborate and so smart that makes you go, 'Oh my God, I would've never thought of that. But I'd rather be the other end of that, which is being ignorant and stupid and saying whatever I want." She has also stated, "I try not to be political... I'm more like, 'I don't give a fuck, I never think about what I write. I just write whatever the first thing that comes to my mind is." Doja Cat maintains that an artist's intention is just as relevant as any external interpretation, saying, "Like, I just love romance and sex ... because there's nothing '-ist' about what I do."
Impact.
Recording artists such as Lil Nas X and Coi Leray have cited Doja Cat among their biggest influences. "Billboard" wrote that the early success of her third studio album "Planet Her" (2021) "unequivocally solidified Doja Cat as one of the defining pop stars of [Generation Z] era".
Personal life.
Doja Cat is relatively closemouthed about aspects regarding her personal life, noting in September 2021 that the general public should "not ... expect to hear who she's dating until they're married". She has not yet formally come out or made a definitive statement about her sexual orientation, but has stated that she "like[s] both. I like dicks and I also like, um, I like people that I can have sex with. You can kind of have sex with anybody, right?" She has also alluded to her queer sexuality in the song "Naked" on which she raps that she "like[s] bananas and peaches". In August 2019, she began dating indie pop musician Jawny, although the pair split up in February 2020. In July 2021, Doja Cat went out on a date in Los Angeles with British singer and rapper Bree Runway and tweeted "I have a girlfriend and I'm going public", yet it is not fully confirmed whether or not this statement was made in jest.
In June 2020, Doja Cat donated $100,000 to the Justice For Breonna Taylor Fund, in support of Taylor's family.
In early 2021, Doja Cat bought a home in Beverly Hills, California, for $2.2 million.
Public image.
Doja Cat has been praised for her versatility in all aspects of her career. This includes her ability to sing, rap, and produce, as well as act, perform and dance. Often described as eccentric, she is known for her absurdly humorous personality and posts on social media platforms. Writing for Okayplayer, Robyn Mowatt noted that "as a singer, rapper, songwriter, and entertainer Doja has led her fans on a rambunctious journey equipped with snappy lyrics, live video streams, outlandish outfits, and memorable viral moments. It's not just the music that gets her fans riled up, it's also her live performances which typically are infused with a touch of eccentricity." 
Controversies.
In 2018, Doja Cat sparked controversy on social media when her Twitter history revealed the usage of the word "faggot". In a tweet from 2015, she used the word to describe hip hop artists Tyler, the Creator and Earl Sweatshirt. Doja Cat initially defended her past remarks. She stated, "I called a couple people faggots when I was in high school in 2015 does this mean I don't deserve support? I've said faggot roughly like 15 thousand times in my life. Does saying faggot mean you hate gay people? I don't think I hate gay people. Gay is ok." Later that day, Doja Cat issued a series of apologies for her words and has since deleted her tweets. As a result of the controversy, Doja Cat was declared the Milkshake Duck of 2018 by "NME".
In March 2020, Doja Cat received backlash after saying on Instagram live that COVID-19 was only a "flu" and that she was not scared of it. Later that October, Doja Cat was criticized for participating in Kendall Jenner's Halloween and birthday celebrations during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In May 2020, a 2015 song by Doja Cat titled "Dindu Nuffin" resurfaced. "Dindu Nuffin" is an alt-right term used to ridicule African-American victims of police brutality who claim they are innocent. After apologizing, Doja Cat said that although the song was intended to flip the term's meaning, it was a "bad decision". Doja Cat denied that the song was a response to the death of Sandra Bland, calling the allegation "one of the most awful rumors that I've ever encountered." She took to Instagram to address multiple accusations and past actions after footage began circulating of her on Tinychat in a chat room saying "nigger" to members of the alt-right/incel community. She apologized to those offended and said she should not have been on certain chat room sites, although she maintained that she had never been involved in any racist conversations. Frequent users of the chat room later came forth and revealed that the nature of the chatroom was not specifically racist, also saying that Doja Cat never said anything discriminatory in her conversations.
Doja Cat's 2020 performance of "Say So" at the MTV Europe Music Awards ceremony was criticized when some viewers noted that the guitar solo in the performance was identical to the one in Plini's 2016 song "Handmade Cities". The next month Plini reported that Doja Cat left him an apologetic message through social media.

</doc>
<doc id="56968709" url="?curid=56968709" title="Atlanta government ransomware attack">
Atlanta government ransomware attack

The city of Atlanta, Georgia was the subject of a ransomware attack which began in March 2018. The city recognized the attack on Thursday, March 22, 2018, and publicly acknowledged it was a ransomware attack.
Due to Atlanta's national importance as a transportation and economic hub, the attack received wide attention and was notable for both the extent and duration of the service outages caused. Many city services and programs were affected by the attack, including utility, parking, and court services. City officials were forced to complete paper forms by hand.
On November 26, a grand jury indicted two Iranian hackers, Faramarz Shahi Savandi and Mohammad Mehdi Shah Mansouri, for the attack. The Department of Justice alleged that Savandi and Mansouri are part of the SamSam group; that the SamSam group is based out of Iran; and that the pair created SamSam Ransomware, the malware used in the attack. There are no affiliations with the government of Iran.
Approach and attack.
Leading up to the attack, the Atlanta government was criticized for a lack of spending on upgrading its IT infrastructure, leaving multiple vulnerabilities open to attack. In fact, a January 2018 audit found 1,500 to 2,000 vulnerabilities in the city's systems, and suggested that the number of vulnerabilities had grown so large that workers grew complacent. The virus used to attack the city was the SamSam Ransomware, which differs from other ransomware in that it does not rely on phishing, but rather utilizes a brute-force attack to guess weak passwords until a match is found. It is known to target weaker IT infrastructures and servers. The ransomware has prominently been behind attacks on medical and government organizations since its discovery in 2016, with previous attacks on targets ranging from small towns such as Farmington, New Mexico to the Colorado Department of Transportation and the Erie County Medical Center. It can also bypass antivirus software. Despite no suspects being identified or indicted until November 2018, the SamSam hackers were described as "opportunistic".
On March 22, at 5:40 AM, the Department of Atlanta Information Management first learned of outages on various internal and customer applications “including some applications customers use to pay bills or access court related information,” according to Richard Cox, the city's interim Chief of Operations. Soon afterward, the city shut down many of its digital services in an attempt to control the situation, including its court system database and the wi-fi at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport. The city eventually identified it as a ransomware attack.
Aftermath and recovery efforts.
This hack was notable as it was the largest successful breach of security for a major American city by ransomware, potentially affecting up to 6 million people. Following the attack, the city of Atlanta cooperated with the FBI, Department of Homeland Security, and Secret Service and hired security firms such as SecureWorks to investigate, and many government computers were advised to stay powered off until 5 days later.
Though the city declared that there was little to no evidence that personal data had been compromised, later studies show that the breach was worse than originally estimated. In June 2018, it was estimated that a third of the software programs used by the city remained offline or partially disabled. In addition, many legal documents and police dashcam video files were permanently deleted, though the police department was able to restore access to all its investigation files. For a while, residents were forced to pay their bills and forms by paper.
In response to this hack, Atlanta devoted $2.7 million to contractors in order to recover, but later estimated it would need $9.5 million.
On November 26, 2018, the Department of Justice indicted two Iranian hackers for the attack, charging that Faramarz Shahi Savandi and Mohammad Mehdi Shah Mansouri were part of the SamSam group and created SamSam Ransomware.

</doc>
<doc id="56968716" url="?curid=56968716" title="Luozi Airport">
Luozi Airport

Luozi Airport is an airport serving Luozi, a Congo River port in the Bas-Congo Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="56968717" url="?curid=56968717" title="Pyanchor">
Pyanchor


</doc>
<doc id="56968722" url="?curid=56968722" title="Shakir Qasmi">
Shakir Qasmi

Qari Shakir Qasmi (Urdu: قارى شاكر قاسمى), was a Pakistani Qāriʾ (a reciter of the Quran) known for his work on Radio Pakistan.
Background.
Qari Shakir Qasmi was the host of the children's television program "Iqra" (), which provided lessons and exercises on properly reciting and pronouncing Quranic Arabic. This program aired and re-ran on the Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV) from 1978 to 1985. It was later hosted by Qari Waheed Zafar Qasmi (his younger brother), and thereon by Qari Khushi Muhammad. He also was the author of a famous book called Asan Qaids Dars-E-Qur'an which came with audio tapes for helping children to read along with proper pronunciation. Qari Shakir Qasmi was also the first person to recite the Quran in the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="56968724" url="?curid=56968724" title="Later Han (25–220)">
Later Han (25–220)


</doc>
<doc id="56968726" url="?curid=56968726" title="2015 AFL women's draft">
2015 AFL women's draft

The 2015 AFL women's draft was an opportunity for Melbourne and the Western Bulldogs to select players for the Hampson-Hardeman Cup. It consisted of a draft before the first match, held on 20 April and including 34 picks, and a mini-draft before the second match, held on 22 July and including 10 picks. Before the first match, teams were permitted to retain six players from their 2013 squads, and completed their lists through the draft. Coastal Titans ruck Emma King was selected by the Bulldogs with the first pick.
Retained players.
Before the first match, six players were selected to be retained by each team, barring unavailability.

</doc>
<doc id="56968729" url="?curid=56968729" title="Funella Furchester">
Funella Furchester


</doc>
<doc id="56968731" url="?curid=56968731" title="Furgus Fuzz">
Furgus Fuzz


</doc>
<doc id="56968733" url="?curid=56968733" title="Phoebe Furchester-Fuzz">
Phoebe Furchester-Fuzz


</doc>
<doc id="56968739" url="?curid=56968739" title="Recorder to Randoseru Do">
Recorder to Randoseru Do


</doc>
<doc id="56968742" url="?curid=56968742" title="Hustler cockroach">
Hustler cockroach


</doc>
<doc id="56968744" url="?curid=56968744" title="Recorder to Randoseru Re">
Recorder to Randoseru Re


</doc>
<doc id="56968745" url="?curid=56968745" title="Is This a Zombie">
Is This a Zombie


</doc>
<doc id="56968746" url="?curid=56968746" title="Is This a Zombie? of the Dead">
Is This a Zombie? of the Dead


</doc>
<doc id="56968749" url="?curid=56968749" title="124 (turbojet)">
124 (turbojet)


</doc>
<doc id="56968751" url="?curid=56968751" title="List of Buffalo Bulls in the NFL Draft">
List of Buffalo Bulls in the NFL Draft

This is a list of Buffalo Bulls football players in the NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56968752" url="?curid=56968752" title="Moyasimon Returns">
Moyasimon Returns


</doc>
<doc id="56968756" url="?curid=56968756" title="Dog Days'">
Dog Days'


</doc>
<doc id="56968758" url="?curid=56968758" title="Later Han (25-220)">
Later Han (25-220)


</doc>
<doc id="56968760" url="?curid=56968760" title="2000-01 FINA Swimming World Cup">
2000-01 FINA Swimming World Cup


</doc>
<doc id="56968761" url="?curid=56968761" title="Natsume Yūjin-chō Shi">
Natsume Yūjin-chō Shi


</doc>
<doc id="56968762" url="?curid=56968762" title="C28H40O4">
C28H40O4

The molecular formula C28H40O4 (molar mass: 440.615 g/mol, exact mass: 440.2927 u) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56968764" url="?curid=56968764" title="1949 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles">
1949 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56968766" url="?curid=56968766" title="1947 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles">
1947 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56968767" url="?curid=56968767" title="Leona G. Running">
Leona G. Running

Leona Rachel Glidden Running (August 24, 1916 – January 22, 2014) was the first Seventh-day Adventist woman to earn a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Ancient Near Eastern Studies at Johns Hopkins University. She was also the first female to join the faculty of the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary in 1955 at Takoma Park, Maryland and later when the Seminary relocated to the campus of Andrews University.
The Seventh-day Adventist church does not ordain female clergy and Running began her academic career at a time when few women were accepted in a professional capacity within the Seventh-day Adventist church. Seminary leadership were also skeptical regarding their male students willingness to be taught by a female academic, and of Running's ability to relate to male students. She was initially hired on a probationary basis, but within a year was given faculty status and not long after, full tenure.
During her tenure at the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary (1955-2002) she taught Greek, Hebrew, Egyptian, Akkadian, Syriac, and Aramaic. She was also the first female president of the Chicago Society of Biblical Research from 1981 to 1982.
Running also created "The Leona Glidden Running Collection: Women in Church and Society" which is a collection of published opinions and thought regarding women in the church and in society. The extensive collection contains files regarding current issues of women, including the ordination of women ministers in various denominations, women in athletic and other careers, the influence of economic conditions on women, aging, assault and abuse, rape, health, gender roles, and marriage.
Biography.
Running was born on August 24, 1916, in Flint, Michigan. Her father was Charles Comstock Glidden and her mother was Leona Mary Bertha Boat Glidden. From an early age, Running was attracted to learning languages and was encouraged by her mother, who was a teacher. She completed her schooling at Adelphian Academy in Holly, Michigan.
Running undertook a bachelor of arts in modern languages (French, German, and English) from Emmanuel Missionary College and graduated as valedictorian in 1937. She also completed a master of arts in Greek and Hebrew (the two primary biblical languages) from the Adventist Theological Seminary in 1955. She completed a Ph.D. in Semitic languages from Johns Hopkins University in 1964. In May 2012, Running received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Andrews University.
She married Leif Running on May 17, 1942, however, he died August 20, 1946 while undergoing surgery. Running was almost 30 at the time of his death and he was aged 37. Running died, aged 97, on January 22, 2014, in Berrien Springs, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="56968768" url="?curid=56968768" title="1948 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles">
1948 World Table Tennis Championships - Mixed Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56968770" url="?curid=56968770" title="1993-94 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team">
1993-94 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56968771" url="?curid=56968771" title="Bus-DeMeo taxonomy">
Bus-DeMeo taxonomy


</doc>
<doc id="56968772" url="?curid=56968772" title="1975-76 Yorkshire Football League">
1975-76 Yorkshire Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56968780" url="?curid=56968780" title="Austronesian Hypothesis">
Austronesian Hypothesis


</doc>
<doc id="56968784" url="?curid=56968784" title="D. Y. Pawar">
D. Y. Pawar

 Dhairyashilrao Yeshwantrao Pawar was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament representing Maharashtra in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament as member of the Indian National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="56968788" url="?curid=56968788" title="Shocklach Oviatt and District">
Shocklach Oviatt and District

Shocklach Oviatt and District is a civil parish in the Cheshire West and Chester unitary authority, in the county of Cheshire, England.
The parish was created in 2015, combining the previous civil parishes of Caldecott, Church Shocklach, Horton by Malpas and Shocklach Oviatt. Settlements in the parish include Caldecott Green, Shocklach, Horton Green, Castletown, Green Croft, Lane End, Little Green, Lordsfields, Port Green, Shocklach Green and The Saughans.
It has a parish council, the lowest tier of local government.
The 2015 mid-year estimate of the parish population was 310.

</doc>
<doc id="56968792" url="?curid=56968792" title="C32H46O5">
C32H46O5


</doc>
<doc id="56968804" url="?curid=56968804" title="John G. McCullough Free Library">
John G. McCullough Free Library


</doc>
<doc id="56968811" url="?curid=56968811" title="Mats Julian Hummels">
Mats Julian Hummels


</doc>
<doc id="56968813" url="?curid=56968813" title="Fir Tree, Washington">
Fir Tree, Washington


</doc>
<doc id="56968823" url="?curid=56968823" title="The Authority">
The Authority


</doc>
<doc id="56968828" url="?curid=56968828" title="Woolworths Limited">
Woolworths Limited


</doc>
<doc id="56968835" url="?curid=56968835" title="Fir Tree">
Fir Tree

Fir Tree may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56968840" url="?curid=56968840" title="False-uniqueness effect">
False-uniqueness effect

The false-uniqueness effect is an attributional type of cognitive bias in social psychology that describes how people tend to view their qualities, traits, and personal attributes as unique when in reality they are not. This bias is often measured by looking at the difference between estimates that people make about how many of their peers share a certain trait or behaviour and the actual number of peers who report these traits and behaviours.
In fact, people often think that they are more unique than others in regard to desirable traits. This has been shown in a variety of studies, where, for example, people believe that they are better drivers and less risk-taking than the average driver, less prejudiced than the average resident in their town, or even more hardworking in group projects than others when they are actually not.
This effect can also be visible when asked about desirable actions, even if consensus is against this action: "Suppose a researcher did an experiment using an actor who pretended to have a seizure, and the researcher found that 11 out of 15 people did not help the person. If you had been in the experiment, what do you think your response would have been?". People tend to answer that they would have helped given the situation, believing they would do it even if that is not the case.
This cognitive bias is opposed to the false consensus effect, in which people tend to overestimate the extent to which their attitudes and behaviours are normal and typical compared to those of others. Both are related to self-esteem, which is a crucial factor in defining how people look at their behaviour. People tend to experience the false uniqueness effect in regards to their desirable traits, whereas they apply the false consensus effect to justify negative traits.
History.
In 1975, Snyder and Shneckel introduced the term “illusion of uniqueness” to describe how people wrongly believe that they are different from others. However, it is Suls, Wan (1987) and Suls, Wan and Sanders (1988) who coined the term false-uniqueness effect in their studies. These two demonstrated that people with low levels of self-reported fears or people that engaged in healthy behaviours underestimated the number of low-fear peers as well as the prevalence of those that were healthy compared to the actual numbers.
Explanations.
Self-enhancement.
As stated above, false uniqueness effect can be seen mostly for desirable or flattering traits and being “better than average”. In believing that people are relatively unique and better than others, they are able to enhance or at least maintain their self-esteem. In social comparison, people tend to modify, disregard, or interpret information differently to see themselves in a more positive light. This is also known as the self-enhancement theory. Seeking to ameliorate one’s self-esteem is a strong motivation to believe that your qualities are more unique than that of your peers. 
 In fact, the false uniqueness effect is strongly associated with the perception of superiority or at least the avoidance of inferiority, which can be explained by self-preservation.
 As self-enhancement may be a reason as to "why" false uniqueness effect occurs, cognitive biases or processes seek to understand "how" they might appear. 
Cognitive processes.
Egocentrism.
Egocentrism refers to the tendency for people to focus solely, or at least place more weight, on their own characteristics and neglect others’ emotions, thoughts, attributes, and/or traits. This means that if people have high abilities, strong traits, make high contributions, or have intense emotions, they are more likely to rate themselves as above average in all of these domains. On the other hand, if people judge themselves to be low in all of the previous domains, they will consider themselves to be below average. This tendency to focus on one’s own absolute standing, therefore explains how people might wrongly perceive certain traits, emotions, or attitudes to be both positively or negatively unique.
People tend to think a lot more (and maybe even solely) about themselves when making a social comparison when they should be thinking about others as well as it could reduce false uniqueness effects. 
Focalism.
People have a tendency to give a lot more weight to information that has been brought to our attention and overlook background information that could be important when making a social comparison, also known as focalism. When making a comparison between two things (often you and another entity), a question might be framed in a way that makes you focus more on one or the other. Research shows that patterns of false uniqueness and false consensus can vary depending on how the question is written. In determining how unique you are your evaluation will depend on what has been brought to your attention, whether it be traits, emotions, or a particular group of people, which might impair you in making a rational decision.
Selective accessibility.
Aligned with egocentrism, when asked to make a social comparison, information about ourselves comes much more easily to mind, because we know a lot more about ourselves than about others. Therefore the more easily information about one’s particular trait comes to mind, the more importance it will have in the judgement of uniqueness. This can be linked to the availability heuristic, where people give more importance to information that they recall quickly. 
In accordance with the self-enhancement theory, people might also selectively choose to compare themselves to groups that are less successful than them, known as downward social comparison, as information about people that do not have the same qualities as them might come to mind more quickly. 
Generalized groups.
When asked to compare ourselves to the average person, because people don’t have access to information about everyone, they tend to associate “average person” to a sub-group that may come to mind. When asked “are you a better ballroom dancer than the average person?” you might think of your grandfather, your boss, your cousin, or a video you watched online and compare yourself to these, even though they are far from representing the average person. These sub-groups that are based on your knowledge and surroundings might be an unconscious explanation of false uniqueness effect.
Variables.
Gender.
There is a reported gender difference in the expression of the false uniqueness effect. Men tend to be biased in regards to both positive physical and social traits, whereas women tend to be more biased around positive social traits than they are physical traits.

</doc>
<doc id="56968848" url="?curid=56968848" title="Caill Tomair">
Caill Tomair

Caill Tomair (Old Irish 'Thor's Grove') was a sacred grove dedicated to the North Germanic god Thor. Located near the Norse-Gaelic city of Dublin, the grove was destroyed by forces led by Brian Boru early in the year 1000 CE.
According to scholar Poul Holm, the grove was likely targeted due to its role among the local population:

</doc>
<doc id="56968849" url="?curid=56968849" title="Fox World">
Fox World


</doc>
<doc id="56968850" url="?curid=56968850" title="Streamlining Theory">
Streamlining Theory


</doc>
<doc id="56968861" url="?curid=56968861" title="Michael Dean Cohen">
Michael Dean Cohen


</doc>
<doc id="56968865" url="?curid=56968865" title="Genomic streamlining">
Genomic streamlining


</doc>
<doc id="56968867" url="?curid=56968867" title="Genome streamlining">
Genome streamlining


</doc>
<doc id="56968868" url="?curid=56968868" title="Matt Magee">
Matt Magee

Matt Magee is an American contemporary artist who is best known for his minimal abstract geometric paintings, sculptures, prints, assemblages, murals and photographs. He was born in Paris, France in 1961 and moved from there to Tripoli, Libya and then to London. He moved to Brooklyn in 1984 to attend Pratt Institute for an MFA after completing a BA in Art History at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX. He maintained a studio on New York City until 2012 and currently lives in Phoenix, AZ.
Over a career spanning more than four decades, Magee has experimented widely with abstract and conceptual art practices. Magee’s compositions are organizations of shapes that have been informed by personal history, numerology, and language. Re-purposing a variety of found and collected media characterizes his sculpture and collage while his paintings explore language symbolically with an emphasis on repetition and reiteration and nods to art historical precedents.
Magee's father, a geologist and archaeologist, took him on trips through the Southwest where he collected small objects along the way that later informed his art practices. As a young adult he worked on a seismic truck in Laredo, TX and recorded vibrations sent into the earth to determine underlying geologic formations. Later, Magee was the chief photo archivist for the Robert Rauschenberg Foundation. Throughout his life, he has established ways of collecting that now inform his compositions.
Magee’s painting style is minimal in concept, but his brushstrokes are expressive. Within these conceptual spreadsheets, abacuses, and hieroglyphics are reminders of the artist’s hand. His visual language relates to early hard-edge abstraction and finds inspiration in contemporary scientific, ecological, and technological ideas.
He is represented by Richard Levy Gallery in Albuquerque, NM; Hiram Butler Gallery in Houston, TX; Eagle Gallery in London; Inde/Jacobs Gallery in Marfa, TX; David Hall Fine Art in Wellesley, MA; and Mission Projects in Chicago.
Magee was the 2017 Arlene and Mort Scult Award winner, the 2007 Josef and Anni Albers Foundation resident fellow, and winner of the Board of Trustees Award from the Silvermine Arts Center. He was also a 1991 Pollock-Krasner Foundation Grant recipient. His work has been exhibited worldwide.
Awards.
Awards

</doc>
<doc id="56968873" url="?curid=56968873" title="Cornus unalaschkensis">
Cornus unalaschkensis


</doc>
<doc id="56968877" url="?curid=56968877" title="Rossington Miners Welfare F.C.">
Rossington Miners Welfare F.C.


</doc>
<doc id="56968884" url="?curid=56968884" title="Cornus ×unalaschkensis">
Cornus ×unalaschkensis


</doc>
<doc id="56968886" url="?curid=56968886" title="Desperadoes">
Desperadoes


</doc>
<doc id="56968891" url="?curid=56968891" title="NGC1052–DF2">
NGC1052–DF2


</doc>
<doc id="56968893" url="?curid=56968893" title="Japan–Spain relations">
Japan–Spain relations

Japan–Spain relations refers to the bilateral relations between Japan and Spain. Both nations are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
History.
Early history.
The first contact between Japan and Spain occurred in 1549 when Spanish missionary Francis Xavier arrived to Japan. While in Japan, Xavier embarked upon a major evangelizing project and he founded the first Catholic colony in Japan.
In 1565, Spain created the Manila-Acapulco trade route, which was a trade routes between Manila, capital of the Philippines and the Mexican port of Acapulco (both nations under Spanish rule at the time). Through this trade route, Spanish galleons sailed from Acapulco to the Philippines and traded with neighboring countries/territories within the vicinity. Some of those territories were the islands of Japan. In Manila, Japanese trading boats would arrive and bring goods and food to trade with the New Spanish government. From Manila, Spanish vessels would transport the goods back to Acapulco, traverse the Mexican terrain until they reached the port of Veracruz and from there transport the goods onto another Spanish vessel for sail to Spain.
In 1582, a group of Japanese Christian delegates known as the Tenshō embassy left Nagasaki, Japan and traveled on a grand tour of Europe. In 1584, the embassy arrived to Toledo and Madrid where they meet with King Philip II of Spain. In October 1613, the first official Japanese diplomatic mission was sent to New Spain by Date Masamune, a regional strongman. This diplomatic mission was to be known as the Keichō embassy and it was the second diplomatic mission to travel to Europe after the Tenshō embassy. The Japanese ambassador, Hasekura Tsunenaga traveled from Japan to Acapulco and met with the Spanish viceroy Diego Fernández de Córdoba. In Mexico City (the capital of New Spain), Hasekura met with several colonial leaders and offered the New Spanish government free commerce between the New Spanish territories and Japan and asked for a group of Christian missionaries to return to Japan. The diplomatic mission also offered to expel both English and Dutch citizens from the country because both nations were considered at the time to be enemies of the Spanish king. In June 1614, Hasekura left New Spain via Veracruz and continued on his journey to Spain to meet with the Spanish king leaving behind a small delegation. In Spain, Hasekura was baptized a catholic and changed his name to Francisco Felipe Faxicura. Two years later in February 1617, Hasekura/Faxicura returned from Spain to Veracruz and traveled to Mexico City. Before leaving Spain, Hasekura left behind six samurais in the town of Coria del Río where their descendants remain today with the surname of "Japón". 
In 1618, Hasekura and his diplomatic mission set sail from New Spain and returned to Japan. On arrival, they were confronted with the fact that the country had dramatically changed since their departure in 1613 and that anything related to Christianity had been banned. Hasekura and his delegation had to renounce their adopted religion. Since Hasekura's diplomatic mission to Spain, Japan entered a time of isolation and refused to trade with foreign nations. It wasn't until 12 November 1868 that Japan and Spain officially established diplomatic relations with the signing of the Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation.
Japan and Spanish Philippines.
The Spanish diplomat F.E. Reynoso stated that during the coronation of Tsar Nicholas II in 1894, the Japanese made an offer of 40 million pounds sterling to buy the Philippines from Spain. At the time, the Philippines were a Spanish colony. However, according to the Reynoso, the Spanish did not accept this offer. According to the scholar C.E. Russell, in 1896 Spain was rumoured to have offered to sell the islands to Japan for $3,000,000 gold dollars, but this offer was rejected.
During the Philippine revolution, Japan gave sanctuary to Filipino rebels righting against Spanish rule, including Jose Ramos who had a Japanese wife, and Jose Rizal. The Japanese had also blocked arms sales to the rebels and, at the request of Spain, had kept Filipino rebels in Japan under close surveillance.
The start of the uprising in 1896 coincided with a visit of the Japanese cruiser "Kongo" to Manila, and members of the Katipunan approached the captain of the ship in an attempt to negotiate an arms deal with Japan. However, no steps were taken to undermine the 1897 Treaty of Friendship and General Intercourse that was then being negotiated between Japan and Spain recognising each other's spheres of interest.
During the Spanish–American War Japan declared official neutrality.
Relations during the 1930s.
Relations between Japan and the Spanish Republic were generally poor during the 1930s as the Spanish representative at the League of Nations had been prominent in efforts to sanction Japan's invasion of Manchuria in 1931. Following the outbreak of the Spanish civil war, Japan at first withheld recognition from Franco's regime, though they also did not intervene when diplomats loyal to Franco seized control of the Spanish embassy in Tokyo and prevented the entry of the Chargé d'affaires appointed by the Republican government.
José del Castillo, a Spanish diplomat in Japan loyal to the nationalist cause, first applied for official recognition of the Franco government by Japan in August 1937. Kōki Hirota, the Japanese foreign minister at the time, responded to this by suggesting to Italian and German diplomats that recognition of the Spanish nationalist government should, in his view, also involve recognition of the Japanese-controlled state of Manchukuo. Franco accepted this, and on 12 November 1937 the Japanese cabinet decided to recognise Nationalist Spain and announced the decision publicly. The official ceremony of recognition was held in Tokyo on 1 December 1937, and the Franco government in turn recognised Manchukuo the day after. Both Japan and Nationalist Spain went on to join the Anti-Comintern Pact.
World War II and post war relations.
During World War II, Spain initially aligned itself with the Axis powers (although officially neutral during the war). Japan chose Spain for the representation of Japanese interests in the Latin-American republics. The imminent victory of the United States in the Pacific Ocean theatre induced a change in the Spanish diplomatic position vis-à-vis Japan and, using as pretext the massacre of Spanish nationals in the conflict, the former accused the later of deliberate attacks and toyed with the idea of a war declaration. Some members of the Spanish government viewed Japan as being "Anti-Christian and Anti-Western". On 17 March 1945, the Spanish government decided to withdraw its protection of Japanese interests. On 12 April 1945 Spain declared the rupture of diplomatic relations with Japan. Soon, Japan began suffering setbacks in the Pacific and Spain decided not to pursue further actions against Japan.
Relations at the embassy-level were not fully re-established until 1952. In October 1980, Spanish King Juan Carlos I paid an official visit to Japan. In September 1994, Japanese Emperor Akihito paid an official visit to Spain. Since the initial visits, there have been several high level Royal and Governmental visits between leaders of both nations. In 2017, both nations celebrated 150 years of diplomatic relations.
Agreements.
Both nations have signed numerous agreements such as a Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation (1868); Agreement on the Elimination of Tourist Visas (1965); Agreement on Air Services (1980); Agreement on Cultural Cooperation (1982); Agreement on Scientific and Technological Cooperation (2011); Agreement on Exchange and Cooperation in Defense (2014); Agreement on Sports Cooperation (2017); Agreement on Economic and Industrial Cooperation (2017) and an Agreement on Scientific and Investigative Medical Cooperation (2017).
Tourism.
Spain is the 5th largest European destination for Japanese tourists with 473,000 Japanese citizens visiting Spain and spending more than €900 million Euros in 2017. During the same period, 100,000 Spanish citizens traveled to Japan. There are direct flights between Madrid and Tokyo with Iberia airlines.
Trade.
In 2015, trade between Japan and Spain totaled €5.5 billion Euros (729 billion Yen). Japan's main exports to Spain include: Chemical products, machinery and transportation equipment. Spain's exports to Japan include: Transportation equipment and machinery. Japan is Spain's second largest trading partner in Asia and Spain is Japan's sixth largest trading partner within the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="56968896" url="?curid=56968896" title="Thomas Master">
Thomas Master

Thomas Master may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56968907" url="?curid=56968907" title="Narayan Deokinandan">
Narayan Deokinandan


</doc>
<doc id="56968910" url="?curid=56968910" title="Rolf Stahel">
Rolf Stahel


</doc>
<doc id="56968924" url="?curid=56968924" title="Elaina Tabb">
Elaina Tabb


</doc>
<doc id="56968927" url="?curid=56968927" title="1983 Mercedes Cup">
1983 Mercedes Cup

The 1983 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1983 Grand Prix circuit. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held from 11 July until 17 July 1983. First-seeded José Higueras won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 José Higueras defeated Heinz Günthardt, 6–1, 6–1, 7–6
Doubles.
 Mike Bauer / Anand Amritraj defeated Pavel Složil / Tomáš Šmíd, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2

</doc>
<doc id="56968937" url="?curid=56968937" title="Meisam Joudaki">
Meisam Joudaki


</doc>
<doc id="56968939" url="?curid=56968939" title="List of Bucknell Bison in the NFL Draft">
List of Bucknell Bison in the NFL Draft

This is a list of Bucknell Bison football players in the NFL Draft.
Selections.
Selections as of the 2017 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56968948" url="?curid=56968948" title="Mathematical Association of America Textbooks">
Mathematical Association of America Textbooks


</doc>
<doc id="56968949" url="?curid=56968949" title="Setting Sun">
Setting Sun

Setting Sun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56968952" url="?curid=56968952" title="Frye Cove">
Frye Cove

Frye Cove is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington.
Frye Cove was named after George W. Frye, a local landowner.
Thurston County Parks board operates the Frye Cove Park on the coast adjacent to the cove. Amenities include a public beach and playground.

</doc>
<doc id="56968953" url="?curid=56968953" title="Frye Cove Park">
Frye Cove Park


</doc>
<doc id="56968957" url="?curid=56968957" title="Stuart Highway (EastEnders)">
Stuart Highway (EastEnders)


</doc>
<doc id="56968969" url="?curid=56968969" title="MUDC (New York City Subway car)">
MUDC (New York City Subway car)

The MUDC (Multiple-Unit Door Control) was a series of New York City Subway cars originally built by the St. Louis, Wason, Jewett, Cincinnati, and Barney and Smith companies, and rebuilt by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company in 1923–1924 from former Manhattan El gate cars.
History.
In 1923, the IRT selected 465 gate cars for the MUDC conversion program, which were inherited by the company upon acquisition of other elevated railway lines in Manhattan. The conversion was done with the intention of reducing the number of people required to operate the doors on the fleet, in addition to improving the safety of the passengers. The reconstructed cars have vestibuled platforms, with sliding doors in place of the old platform gates and railings. The sliding doors were made of sheet steel construction with two panels, one with glass and the other closed. The doors slide on the outside of the car. This construction had an advantage, as a pocket does not have to be provided inside, which would otherwise disturb the interior equipment. These rebuilt cars had the operator's controls installed on both ends of the car, and the operator controlled the doors in the middle of the train. The motorman's operating cab was in the same position, but received some minor upgrades.
Despite being a homemade conversion, the MUDCs presented a relatively fair appearance. The cars also proved to be extremely reliable for the crew and were the mainstay for the elevated lines. The first test train of MUDCs ran in 1923 on the IRT Second Avenue Line. They operated for many years until 1957, when all but the Bronx portion of the IRT Third Avenue Line was finally closed and demolished. None were preserved.
Other usage of the MUDC name.
The term MUDC was sometimes extended to refer to a series of Hi-V and Lo-V cars (the Gibbs Hi-Vs, Hedley Hi-Vs, and Flivver Lo-Vs) that were modified in the early 1920s for multiple unit door control operation. Under normal circumstances, however, the term was usually reserved for the gate cars that were converted for the said operation.

</doc>
<doc id="56968971" url="?curid=56968971" title="Gallagher Cove">
Gallagher Cove

Gallagher Cove is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington.
Gallagher Cove derives its name from a misspelling of the surname of John H. , a pioneer settler.

</doc>
<doc id="56968972" url="?curid=56968972" title="Alan B. Thomas Jr.">
Alan B. Thomas Jr.

Alan B. Thomas Jr. is a businessman and is an American government official. He served as the Commissioner of the Federal Acquisition Service of the U.S. General Services Administration.
Career.
Thomas started his federal career as a Presidential Management Fellow, serving on both the Army staff and in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, where he earned the Secretary of Defense Award for Excellence and the Vice President's Hammer Award for innovation in public service. Thomas also served in the Office of the Undersecretary of Defense where he managed a portfolio of research and development programs with an annual budget that exceeded $10 million, and worked on the Department of Defense's Task Force for Business and Stability Operations (TFBSO) in Iraq.
Prior to joining GSA, Thomas served as vice president with Artlin Consulting, as chief operating officer at Berico Technologies, and as vice president for defense and intelligence community programs at Data Networks Corporation. His work in the private sector also included roles at Compusearch Software Systems, FreeMarkets, and Booz Allen Hamilton where he participated in the creation of the Federal Acquisition Service through the merger of the Federal Supply Service and the Federal Technology Service.

</doc>
<doc id="56968974" url="?curid=56968974" title="British airborne landings in Normandy">
British airborne landings in Normandy


</doc>
<doc id="56968978" url="?curid=56968978" title="1982 Mercedes Cup">
1982 Mercedes Cup

The 1982 Mercedes Cup, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and held at the Tennis Club Weissenhof in Stuttgart, West Germany that was part of the 1982 Grand Prix circuit. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from 12 July until 18 July 1982. Unseeded Ramesh Krishnan won the singles title.
Finals.
Singles.
 Ramesh Krishnan defeated Sandy Mayer, 5–7, 6–3, 6–3, 7–6
Doubles.
 Brian Teacher / Mark Edmondson defeated Andreas Maurer / Wolfgang Popp, 6–3, 6–1

</doc>
<doc id="56968980" url="?curid=56968980" title="Johann Joseph von Trautson">
Johann Joseph von Trautson

Johann Joseph Graf von Trautson zu Falkenstein (17 July 1707, Falkenstein – 10 March 1757, Vienna) was a Roman Catholic clergyman, in 1750 was coadjutor of the Archdiocese of Vienna and Titular Archbishop of Cartagine, was appointed from 1751 to 1757 the Prince-Archbishop of Vienna, and was from 1756 to 1757 a cardinal.
Biography.
He came from the Tyrolean Uradel, was a younger son of the Imperial Count Johann Leopold Donat von Trautson zu Falkenstein (d. 1724), Lord in Upper Austria, Imperial High Steward, Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece and his wife, Theresia Ungnad von Weissenwolff Freiin zu Sonnegg u. Ennsegg (d. 1741). Decisive for his career was his uncle, Ernst von Trautson zu Falkenstein, who from 1685 to 1702 was Prince-Bishop of Vienna.
After a theological education, Trautson earned his doctorate in the Holy Scriptures. The ordination he received on 26 September 1728 in Salzburg. He was first canon in Salzburg, then canon in Passau and Wroclaw, and provost of Ardagger.
On 7 December 1750 he was appointed coadjutor of the Archdiocese of Vienna and titular archbishop of Cartagine. The episcopal consecration was bestowed by Archbishop Sigismund von Kollonitsch on 25 December of the same year. After the death of Cardinal Kollonitsch, he headed from 17 May 1751 the diocese as prince-archbishop.
In a pastoral letter of 1 January 1752, he denounced the abuses of sermons, the superstitious beliefs of the people and excesses of indulgences. He was accused of being a Protestant.
Maria Theresa appointed him protector of the theological and philosophical sciences at the University of Vienna and head of the new building of the university (now Old University and seat of the Austrian Academy of Sciences).
Shortly before his death he was appointed on 5 April 1756 cardinal-priest. He was buried in the episcopal tomb of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="56968983" url="?curid=56968983" title="Xinsheng Ling">
Xinsheng Ling

Xinsheng Sean Ling (; born February 15, 1964) is a Chinese-American physicist and professor at Brown University. He is known for his work in condensed matter, in particular for his contributions to superconductivity, vortex physics, colloid physics, biophysics, and quantum physics. He joined the faculty of Brown University in 1996.
Biography and career.
Ling graduated from Wuhan University in 1984. He earned his M.S. from the University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1987 and his Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut in 1992.
He has done postdoctoral research at Yale University and the NEC Research Institute. In 1998 and 2002, he was named an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow and Guggenheim Fellow respectively. He has been a Fellow of the American Physical Society since 2005. His research areas include quantum physics of matter, colloid physics, and nanobiophysics.

</doc>
<doc id="56968993" url="?curid=56968993" title="1974 ABC Under-18 Championship">
1974 ABC Under-18 Championship

The 1974 ABC Under-18 Championship was the third edition of the Asian Basketball Confederation (ABC)'s junior championship. The games were held at Manila, Philippines from December 1–15, 1974.
The successfully defended their championship by sweeping all of their assignments, blasting , 89-79, in the final day, en route to their third title.
Final round.
Championship.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56968997" url="?curid=56968997" title="Callum Highway">
Callum Highway


</doc>
<doc id="56969005" url="?curid=56969005" title="Gehrke Lake">
Gehrke Lake

Gehrke Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Gehrke Lake was named after Albert Gehrke, a pioneer settler.

</doc>
<doc id="56969006" url="?curid=56969006" title="Manhattan El (New York City Subway car)">
Manhattan El (New York City Subway car)

Manhattan El is the generic term for IRT elevated gate cars used on predecessor lines of the New York City Subway system. These cars were built by the Pullman, Wason, Gilbert &amp; Bush, Bowers &amp; Dure, Barney &amp; Smith, Jewett, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and American Car and Foundry companies.
Background.
The Manhattan El cars consisted of a variety of equipment used on the IRT. The majority of the cars were originally built for the predecessor companies that became part of the IRT system in 1903, while other cars were built brand new between 1902 and 1911. Upon the arrival of the first steel cars, no more Manhattan El cars were produced after 1911.
The term Manhattan El was derived from the Manhattan Railway Company, the predecessor railway to the IRT. The term was originally used to describe the gate cars, which had six pairs of four windows. The term would later be extended to refer to the entire series of IRT gated cars. When they were delivered, the word "Manhattan" was written on the roof of the car. The lettering was later changed to "Interborough" within a short period.
The fleet comprised both motor cars and trailer cars. The older cars were intermixed with the newer cars upon the latter's delivery. Trains initially comprised three to six cars. An extra motor car would later be added to create a seven-car train.
It is unclear as to whether the term "Manhattan El" was commonly used before the IRT was purchased by the City of New York in 1940, or whether it was mainly an introduced term to describe the wooden elevated cars of the former private company.
Disambiguation.
The primary distinguishing feature of Manhattan El cars is that they were elevated cars built mostly or substantially of wood, with or without steel frames, where passenger access to the cars was provided by open platforms at both ends of each car. A trainman between each pair of cars manually opened and closed folding gates to allow or prevent passengers from entering or leaving.
All "gate" cars used in IRT elevated service can be described as Manhattan Els. This excludes several classes of elevated equipment:
The Manhattan El cars should not be confused with the BU cars, a series of gate cars that were operated by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company.
Preservation.
While most Manhattan El cars were either scrapped or rebuilt as MUDCs, a few cars have been preserved.
Car 782 was preserved at the Knox &amp; Kane Railroad in Marienville, PA. The car was destroyed in an arsonist attack in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="56969018" url="?curid=56969018" title="Johann Joseph von Trautson zu Falkenstein">
Johann Joseph von Trautson zu Falkenstein


</doc>
<doc id="56969021" url="?curid=56969021" title="Chocolate Girl">
Chocolate Girl

Chocolate Girl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56969030" url="?curid=56969030" title="Grace Jewett">
Grace Jewett

Grace Jewett (1876-1946) was an American architect in the early 20th century. She was one of the pioneer women in architecture, and successfully developed her career in San Francisco after the devastation caused by the earthquake and fire in 1906. Jewett studied at the Pratt Institute of Fine Arts in New York from 1900-1902, and her career spanned from 1902-1943.She is most well known for her success in designing apartment buildings, but she also worked on various industrial facilities. In 1913, Jewett opened her own practice in downtown San Francisco. She also often collaborated with Italian architect Italo Zanolini.
Some of Jewett's most significant industrial designs include a factory for American Machine Works, a warehouse on 8th street, and a garage on Bush street. She is also known for her design of the Women's Club of San Mateo in the early 1920s.
After moving to Los Angeles in 1923, it is unknown if Jewett continued her career in architecture because of a lack of records. In 1945, she officially retired as an architect. Ms. Jewett was partially crippled, and in her later life relied on the help of her longtime friend and partner, Erskine Hathaway. On April 12, 1946, Grace Jewett committed suicide, and the news reached the "Oakland Tribune", but there was no mention of her achievements in architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="56969031" url="?curid=56969031" title="Lake Goodwin">
Lake Goodwin


</doc>
<doc id="56969043" url="?curid=56969043" title="Korean Chemistry Olympiad">
Korean Chemistry Olympiad

Korean Chemistry Olympiad(KChO,한국화학올림피아드) is a chemistry olympiad held by Korean Chemical Society (KCS). It is also one of the Korean Science Olympiad. The top four contestants of the KChO can join the International Chemistry Olympiad(IChO).
History.
In 1991, Korean Chemical Society held the first KChO. Four high school students representing South Korea joined the 24th IChO the next year, which was held in United States. KChO was held 27 times. In 2018, 50th IChO was held at Slovakia, Czech Republic.
Business Background and Supports.
Business Background.
The KCS holds the KChO to make South Korea win the IChO and through four seasonal schools, KCS will find who are gifted in chemistry and educate them to play an important role in development of chemistry in Korean society.
Supports.
Korea Foundation for the Science and Creativity, LG Chem, and Korea Dow Chemical Company supports the KChO.
Process.
On-line questions.
KCS Uploads about five to six questions every two weeks on KChO website. Students who are studying for KChO can download the questions and try to solve them. Anyone can download the answers and official solutions there after a week. Even if the person is not joining the KChO, the person can download the questions and answers at the KChO website.
Test 1.
After the on-line questions, students will take a test about what they have learned while solving the on-line questions. First grade students in high school take this test. The questions are based on basic chemistry. The test can determine how much the students understand basic chemistry. 80 well-ranked students can join the Summer school 1. About one organic chemistry questions appear in the test. All the tests are held in Konkuk University.
Summer school 1.
80 people who got a good score will join the Summer School 1, which is usually held far away from Seoul. In the school, students learn basic chemistry for two weeks and there isn't any experiment classes. When the school is almost finished, students take an exam. One person gets a Best Graduation, 24 people get a Merit, and some of the rest get an Honorable Mention. 25 people-Best Graduation and Merit-can join the Winter School 1 without Test 2. In 2018, the Summer School will be held at Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology.
Test 2.
On-line Questions are uploaded again after the Summer School. The leftovers of the Summer School and other people who didn't join the Summer School have to take this test to join the Winter School 1. First grade students in the high school take this test. In this test, Organic Chemistry questions will appear more often than the test 1. 25 well-ranked students can join the Winter School 1.
Winter school 1.
25 people directly from the Summer School 1 and 25 people from the Test 2 will join the Winter School 1, which is usually held near Seoul. In the school, students stay two weeks; studying theories in the morning and learning experiments in afternoon. Half of them of theories are related to basic chemistry and the other half will be related to Organic Chemistry. One person gets a Best Graduation, 19 people get a Merit, and some of the rest get an Honorable Mention. 20 people-Best Graduation and Merit-can join the Summer School 2 without Test 3.
Test 3.
On-line Questions are uploaded again after the Winter School. The leftovers of the Winter School and other people who didn't join the Winter School have to take this test to join the Summer School 2. Second grade students in the high school take this test. In this test, almost half of these questions will be related to Organic Chemistry. 20 well-ranked students can join the Winter School 2.
Summer school 2.
20 people directly from the Winter School 1 and 20 people from the Test 3 will join the Summer School 2, which is held at the same place with Summer School 1. In the school, students stay two weeks; studying theories in the morning and learning experiments in afternoon. Almost of the theories are related to Organic Chemistry. One person gets a Best Graduation, 14 people get a Merit, and some of the leftovers get an Honorable Mention. 15 people-Best Graduation and Merit-can join the Winter School 2. These students have to take the Test 4, but the result doesn't matter of choosing students joining the Test 4. They can directly go to the Winter School 2.
Test 4.
On-line Questions are being uploaded again after the Summer School. All students-even the directly connected ones-have to take this test to become the final representatives. Second grade students in the high school take this test. This test is counted 20 percent when KCS chooses the final representatives of South Korea. In this test, most of the questions are related to Organic Chemistry. 15 students directly connected from the Summer School 2 and 15 students who got a good score in the Test 4 can join the Winter School 2.
Winter school 2.
15 people directly from the Summer School 2 and 15 people from the Test 4 will join the Winter School 2, which is held at the same place with Winter School 2. In the school, students stay only a week; studying theories in the morning and learning experiments in afternoon. Almost all of the theories are related to Organic Chemistry. The test held in this school will count 80 percent when KCS chooses the final representatives of South Korea. One person will get a Best Graduation, about 10 people will get a Merit, and some of the rest will get an Honorable Mention. All the forty people can take the Korean Representative Choosing Exam(Final KChO).
Final representative selection process.
After graduating the Winter school 2, students take Final KChO. It is held on January or February. It is divided into two parts; Theories and Experiments. Organic Chemistry and Inorganic Chemistry questions in the theory are important for choosing the representatives. In the experiment, students solve one Organic Chemistry experiment and one Quantative Chemistry experiment. Four students who got a high score represents South Korea in IChO. If all the four representatives are the same gender, the student who got a highest score between the other gender who ranked eighth or higher becomes the representative instead of the fourth student.

</doc>
<doc id="56969044" url="?curid=56969044" title="Tawan Tud Burapha">
Tawan Tud Burapha

Tawan Tud Burapha (; ; lit: "The Sun cut the East"; English title: The Brothers) was a Thai TV drama in action/ drama and heroic bloodshed genre. It remake from a Channel 5's 2001 drama of the namesake (starred Saksit Tangthong and Jesdaporn Pholdee). It aired on One31 directed and written by Kongkiat Khomsiri.
Plot summary.
Tawan (The Sun) and Burapha (The East) are brothers and the sons of a well-known righteous police. They are very close as brothers. Burapha is into boxing, while Tawan wants to follow in their father's footsteps to become a police. One day, they hear a gun shot and go to see what is going on. This way, they witness a murder and when the time comes to point the finger at the killer, Tawan is not hesitantto do the right thing. Burapha knows that the bad guys will not leave their family alone and he begs Tawan not to be a witness. This is how the conflict begins.
Cast.
Main
Support

</doc>
<doc id="56969047" url="?curid=56969047" title="Tawun Thud Burapah">
Tawun Thud Burapah


</doc>
<doc id="56969050" url="?curid=56969050" title="The Quebec Conference, 1864">
The Quebec Conference, 1864


</doc>
<doc id="56969051" url="?curid=56969051" title="Tavaras Hardy">
Tavaras Hardy

Tavaras Hardy is an American college basketball coach, and current head coach of the Loyola Greyhounds men's basketball team.
Playing career.
Hardy was a two-time All-Big Ten selection while playing at Northwestern from 1998 to 2002 and ranks in the top 10 in blocks, games played, and games started for the Wildcats.
After graduation, Hardy played one season of professional basketball for Namika Lahti in Finland before returning to the United States to work in wealth management at JPMorgan Chase.
Coaching career.
In 2007, Hardy returned to his alma mater to become an assistant coach under Bill Carmody, where he rose to the position of associate head coach in 2011. After Carmody was fired by Northwestern, Hardy remained on staff under Chris Collins for one season before moving on to Georgetown to work as an assistant under John Thompson III in 2013.
After three seasons with the Hoyas, Hardy joined Georgia Tech as an assistant coach under Josh Pastner. After two seasons with the Yellow Jackets, Hardy was named the 21st head men's basketball coach at Loyola (MD), succeeding G. G. Smith on March 28, 2018. His third campaign at Loyola ended with the Greyhounds advancing to its first Patriot League Championship Game in an 85–72 loss at Colgate on March 14, 2021 despite entering the tournament as the No. 9 seed.

</doc>
<doc id="56969056" url="?curid=56969056" title="The Brothers (Thai TV drama)">
The Brothers (Thai TV drama)


</doc>
<doc id="56969063" url="?curid=56969063" title="Goodwin Lake">
Goodwin Lake


</doc>
<doc id="56969066" url="?curid=56969066" title="The Brothers (Thai TV series)">
The Brothers (Thai TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56969070" url="?curid=56969070" title="Microhabitat (film)">
Microhabitat (film)

Microhabitat (; lit. "A Little Princess") is a 2017 South Korean drama film written and directed by Jeon Go-woon.
Plot.
The plot is woven around the life of Miso, a thirty something year old woman who is willing to give up her basic necessities of life in order to protect what she treasures the most: cigarettes, whiskey and her boyfriend.
Production.
"Microhabitat" is Jeon's feature debut. It was produced by independent production outlet Gwanghwamun Cinema, which Jeon founded in 2013.
Release and reception.
During the first two weeks since its release, "Microhabitat" had attracted 46,000 moviegoers.
"Screen Anarchy" highlighted the lead performance of Esom and reviewed the film as "vibrant and fun, yet always thoughtful and often poignant".
The rights to the film have been sold to multiple Asian countries including, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, the Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam and China.

</doc>
<doc id="56969077" url="?curid=56969077" title="Issayeva">
Issayeva


</doc>
<doc id="56969085" url="?curid=56969085" title="The Chocolate Girl (film)">
The Chocolate Girl (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56969098" url="?curid=56969098" title="Third Man Museum">
Third Man Museum

The Third Man Museum is a film museum in the 4th district of Vienna, Austria. Opened in 2005, the museum has an area of over 400 square meters divided into 16 rooms, displaying a comprehensive collection of original exhibits based on and around the international film triumph "The Third Man", directed by Carol Reed and based on a treatment by Graham Greene.
The Third Man Museum is an independent two-person project, initiated by Gerhard Strassgschwandtner. He put together the extensive collection, whilst the design and concept came from Karin Höfler. Specialists and generalists, they created the museum from scratch. It is a private museum with no sponsors and subsidies. 
The museum is aimed not only at film fans but also those interested in the pre- and post-war history of Vienna. 
An extensive exhibition within the museum explains the historical backdrop of the film and portrays the everyday life of a city occupied by the Allies (Americans, British, Soviets and French) between 1945 and 1955, and includes many original documents from the period.
The collection.
About 3000 original exhibits in the museum including:
Special exhibitions and events.
The "Third Man Museum" annually creates temporary exhibitions:
Also regular on-topic events:

</doc>
<doc id="56969099" url="?curid=56969099" title="Kepler Laveran de Lima Ferreira">
Kepler Laveran de Lima Ferreira


</doc>
<doc id="56969101" url="?curid=56969101" title="Fanney Lind Thomas">
Fanney Lind Thomas

Fanney Lind Guðmundsdóttir Thomas (born 13 December 1989) is an Icelandic basketball player for Úrvalsdeild kvenna club Breiðablik. She is a former member of the Icelandic national basketball team.
Career.
Fanney came up through the junior ranks of Hamar, playing her first senior match during the 2007–2008 season. She was a key player on the Hamar team that advanced to the 2010 Úrvalsdeild kvenna finals where it lost to KR in five games. In 2011, she joined French club Union Sportive de La Glacerie.
She spent the next three seasons with Fjölnir, Hamar and Valur before signing with Þór Akureyri in 1. deild kvenna prior to the 2015-2016 season. She was named to the Domestic All-First Team after averaging 13.4 and 7.9 rebounds per game for the season.
In November, 2016, Fanney left Þór Akureyri and joined newly promoted Skallagrímur in the Úrvalsdeild kvenna. She helped Skallagrímur to the Icelandic Cup finals in 2017, scoring 11 points in a losing effort against Keflavík. In the playoffs, she averaged 8.2 points and 5.6 rebounds but was unable to prevent Skallagrímur from losing against Keflavík, 2-3, in the semi-finals.
On 12 November 2017, Fanney announced she was stepping away from basketball due to head injuries she sustained in a game against Valur a month earlier.
On 12 January 2019, she had a one-game comeback to the court with Tindastóll, going scoreless in 11 minutes in an overtime victory against Njarðvík in 1. deild kvenna.
In September 2019, Fanney signed with Úrvalsdeild kvenna club Breiðablik.
Icelandic national team.
Fanney played 5 games for the Icelandic U-16 national team in 2005. In 2008, she played 3 games for the Icelandic national basketball team.
Personal life.
Fanney is married to Danero Thomas, a professional basketball player and a former member of Murray State.

</doc>
<doc id="56969112" url="?curid=56969112" title="Goodwin Lake (Thurston County, Washington)">
Goodwin Lake (Thurston County, Washington)

Goodwin Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Goodwin Lake was named after William Goodwin, a businessperson in the local lumber industry.

</doc>
<doc id="56969122" url="?curid=56969122" title="NARSS">
NARSS


</doc>
<doc id="56969134" url="?curid=56969134" title="Eta Island (disambiguation)">
Eta Island (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56969139" url="?curid=56969139" title="L. S. Chanler">
L. S. Chanler


</doc>
<doc id="56969140" url="?curid=56969140" title="Goose Pond (Washington)">
Goose Pond (Washington)

Goose Pond is a pond in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Goose Pond was named for the geese which congregate there.

</doc>
<doc id="56969147" url="?curid=56969147" title="Ella Castelhun">
Ella Castelhun

Ella Castelhun (1868–1961) was an American architect who operated primarily in San Francisco in the early 20th century.
Career.
In 1905, Castelhun became the second woman to be registered as an architect in the state of California. In addition to her career as an architect, Castelhun was also an artist, and is believed to have studied at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in San Francisco in the 1890s. In 1893, at the age of 25, Castelhun enrolled for the fall semester at the University of California, Berkeley. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in philosophy in 1898, and later became certified to teach high school. However, she continued her graduate studies in architecture and was licensed in 1905.
Only three buildings are specifically known to have been designed by Castelhun, three houses built for different women who were likely known to Castelhun. These include Olander House at 265-67 Lexington Street, San Francisco, built for Mathilda Olander; and 48-50 Merritt Street (now 3054-56 Market Street), built for Winifred McKeown.
Another house was built at 68 Palm Street, San Francisco, for Margaret Doyle.
Likely due to difficulties in finding clients in the aftermath of World War 1, Castelhun gave up her architecture license in 1921.
She is buried in Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland.

</doc>
<doc id="56969149" url="?curid=56969149" title="Collaboration with the Axis Powers during World War II">
Collaboration with the Axis Powers during World War II


</doc>
<doc id="56969162" url="?curid=56969162" title="Stephen King Jr.">
Stephen King Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56969167" url="?curid=56969167" title="El Amante (Sunny &amp; the Sunliners album)">
El Amante (Sunny &amp; the Sunliners album)


</doc>
<doc id="56969176" url="?curid=56969176" title="Raupenschlepper, Ost">
Raupenschlepper, Ost


</doc>
<doc id="56969178" url="?curid=56969178" title="Washington Presidents">
Washington Presidents


</doc>
<doc id="56969181" url="?curid=56969181" title="Prosanta Chakrabarty">
Prosanta Chakrabarty

Prosanta Chakrabarty (born November 25, 1978) is an American ichthyologist and professor of ichthyology, evolution and systematics at Louisiana State University. He studied at McGill University where he received a bachelor of science in Applied Zoology and at the University of Michigan where he obtained his PhD in Ecology and Evolution.Among other professional positions he was the Program Director for the National Science Foundation and is currently the Secretary of the American Society of Ichthyologist and Herpetologist. He was named a TED Fellow in 2016, and a TED Senior Fellow in 2018. He was named an Elected Fellow of the AAAS for "distinguished contributions to evolutionary biology, focusing on the bioluminescent systems and historical biogeography of freshwater fishes, and for effectively communicating science to the public." 
Research.
 Chakrabarty's research has taken him to over 30 countries and has described over 13 new species of fishes. In 2014 he discovered Hoosier cavefish with colleagues Jacques Prejean and Matthew Niemiller. As curator of fishes at LSU he has added 100k specimens to the collection. Using phylogenetic systematics, geometric morphometrics among others tools, Prosanta Chakrabarty attempts to understand the evolution of biological diversity, molecular evolution, and conservation of marine and freshwater fishes. His research interests are understanding the diversity and evolution of fish.
New species described.
1) Paretroplus tsimoly
"2) Mystus falcarius" 
3) Nandus prolixus
4) Photoplagios laterofenestra
5) Nuchequula mannusella
6) "Equulites absconditus"
7) Milyeringa brooksi
8) Halieutichthys intermedius
9) Halieutichthys bispinosus
10) Profundulus kreiseri
11) Typhleotris mararybe
12) Roeboides bussingi
13) Amblyopsis hoosieri
14) Caecieleotris morrisi
15) Photolateralis polyfenestrus
Awards and honors.
2020 Named Fulbright Scholar in Ottawa Canada
2019 Elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science 
2018 Forty Under 40, Greater Baton Rouge Business Report
2018 Named a Senior Fellow at TED
2016 Rainmaker, 2015 Mid-Career Scholar Award, LSU
2016 Named to the 2016 Class of TED Fellows
2015 Elected Secretary of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists
2015 TEDxLSU presenter of “Immortal Naturalist: Collecting the World”
2013 "Rainmaker", 2012 Emerging Scholar Award, LSU
2011"Top Ten New Species Award", The International Institute for Species Exploration and the International Top 10 Selections Committee; with co-authors Hsuan-Ching Ho and John Sparks for the description of "Halieutichthys intermedius"
2009 Elected to the Board of Governor of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists.
2006 "Carl and Laura Hubbs Fellow"/"Donald W. Tinkle Scholarship,"

</doc>
<doc id="56969187" url="?curid=56969187" title="Bobby Tarantino 2">
Bobby Tarantino 2


</doc>
<doc id="56969192" url="?curid=56969192" title="Manilal Chaturbhai Shah">
Manilal Chaturbhai Shah

Manilal Chaturbhai Shah was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament representing Bombay State in the Rajya Sabha the upper house of India's Parliament as member of the Indian National Congress. 

</doc>
<doc id="56969195" url="?curid=56969195" title="Hlava Kasandry">
Hlava Kasandry

Hlava Kasandry (English: "Cassandra's Head") is a 1993 Czech video game, developed by Marek Nepožitek's company LetDisk and based on the Polish novel Głowa Kasandry. It was released on the Atari ST but is compatible with Atari TT and Atari Falcon.
Production.
The creators of the game worked in their free time. The development was influenced by the inexperience of developers who had to learn a lot of things during their work on the game. They included a number of features that they retrospectively deemed unnecessary. The game was then tested by friends of the game authors. Piracy was a major issue at the time of the game. The authors therefore gave particular focus to copy protection. They had experience of copying games themselves, and therefore decided to create a particularly effective protection to prevent pirates from cracking the game. Unfortunately, this protection made it impossible to create physical copies or floppy images for use in emulators.
In 2004, Marek Nepožitek, then a co-founder of Cinemax, decided to re-release "Hlava Kasandry", whose play on various platforms had previously been prevented by anti-piracy protection. He had to work around this, and did not find a solution until 2014; a free version for emulators was released in December 2014.
Plot and gameplay.
The game is set for the future, when a handful of people have to survive in a world destroyed by a massive nuclear conflict. The game follows the story of Teodor Hornice, who deals with the destruction of dangerous warheads. He must destroy a rocket name Kassandra that could destroy the planet.
The game is a mix of adventure, RPG and simulator. It is played with a joystick and a mouse. While players search for the missing rocket, they must pay attention to fuel and life while avoiding radioactive areas.
Critical reception.
At the time of release, the game was accepted by the reviewers. The game received a rating of 76% from Narsil and 71% from Excalibur.

</doc>
<doc id="56969212" url="?curid=56969212" title="Northern circuit">
Northern circuit


</doc>
<doc id="56969214" url="?curid=56969214" title="Homosexual promiscuity">
Homosexual promiscuity


</doc>
<doc id="56969217" url="?curid=56969217" title="Thakurpukur">
Thakurpukur

Thakurpukur is a Region of South West Kolkata in Behala area of the Indian state of West Bengal. Thakurpukur is a residential regional in Kolkata. It has been rapidly developed in the last 20 years and what was a Jungle before is now an urban agglomeration in the Kolkata's South. Thakurpukur was also under the Barisha area of Sabarna Roy Choudhury's zamindari era.
Geography.
Thakurpukur is located at . Bounded by Joka to the south , barisha(silpara) to the north,Sarsuna and Dakshin behala to the west, Haridevpur to the east.
Administration.
Police district.
Thakurpukur police station is part of the South West division(Behala Division) of Kolkata Police. It is Located at 123/117, Diamond Harbour Road, Kolkata-700063.
Behala Women police station, located at the same address as above, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the South West division i.e. Sarsuna, Taratala, Behala, Parnasree, Thakurpukur and Haridevpur.
Jadavpur, Thakurpukur, Behala, Purba Jadavpur, Tiljala, Regent Park, Metiabruz, Nadial and Kasba police stations were transferred from South 24 Parganas to Kolkata in 2011. Except Metiabruz, all the police stations were split into two. The new police stations are Parnasree, Haridevpur, Garfa, Patuli, Survey Park, Pragati Maidan, Bansdroni and Rajabagan.
Education.
Vivekananda College, was established at Barisha in 1950 as Barisha College, renamed Vivekananda College in 1956 and shifted to Thakurpukur in 1959. Affiliated with the University of Calcutta, it offers honours courses in Bangali, English, Sanskrit, history, philosophy, political science, journalism &amp; mass communications, physics, chemistry, mathematics, economics, botany, zoology, computer science, bio-chemistry and environmental science.

</doc>
<doc id="56969220" url="?curid=56969220" title="EU Allowances">
EU Allowances


</doc>
<doc id="56969222" url="?curid=56969222" title="Bilgen">
Bilgen

Bilgen is a Turkish surname, related to the name Bilge, meaning wise.
Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56969226" url="?curid=56969226" title="Street Bud">
Street Bud


</doc>
<doc id="56969232" url="?curid=56969232" title="Do Not Disturb (Smokepurpp and Murda Beatz song)">
Do Not Disturb (Smokepurpp and Murda Beatz song)


</doc>
<doc id="56969244" url="?curid=56969244" title="Tell Keisan">
Tell Keisan

Tell Keisan, تل كيسون (Arabic name meaning "the mound of treachery" ) or Tel Kisson, תל כיסון (Hebrew name), is an archaeological site located 8 km from the Mediterranean coast in the Galilee region of Israel between Haifa and Akko. The tell is approximately 15 acres in size and is composed of the accumulated ruins of many large cities dating back to the Chalcolithic period. 
History.
The Galilee region is known for agricultural production, particularly olive oil. Tell Keisan is thought to have been a major granary for Akko. Tell Keisan is located off the ancient road of Via Maris which connected Egypt and Syria. Some scholars hypothesize that at one point in its history it was the city of Achshaph or Biblical Cabul.
Tell Keisan was very large and prosperous in the early and middle Bronze Age. At this time it was fortified with a glacis and stone wall. In the late Bronze Age, the settlement was significantly smaller and a destruction level is distinguishable around the early 12 century BCE. It was rebuilt and reoccupied at the beginning of the Iron Age in the second half of the 11th century and appeared successful and "stratigraphically undisturbed." It is hypothesized that during the Iron Age it was a Tyrian enclave of Phoenicia. In the 8th century it was again destroyed and abandoned. Reinhabited in the 7th c. where there is archaeological evidence of Assyrian civilization, and destroyed again by the end of that century. It was reoccupied throughout Persian and Hellenistic periods and again abandoned in the 2nd century BCE. 
Strabo refers to the city of Acre as once a rendezvous for the Persians in their expeditions against Egypt. According to historians such as Diodurus Siculus and Strabo, King Cambyses II attacked Egypt after massing a huge army on the plains near the city of Acre. In December 2018 archaeologists digging at the site of Tell Keisan in Acre unearthed the remains of a Persian military outpost that might have played a role in the successful 525 B.C. Achaemenid invasion of Egypt. The Persian-period fortifications at Tell Keisan were later heavily damaged during Alexander's fourth-century B.C. campaign to drive the Achaemenids out of the Levant.
There is archaeological evidence of Roman artifacts and a major road passing on the west side of the tell was paved during the Roman period. A church was built during the Byzantine period and lasted until the 7th century CE. The land of Akko changed hands between the crusaders and Arab army of Saladin a number of times in the 12th and 13th centuries, and Tell Keisan was used by Saladin as a base.
Ottoman, and modern era.
Incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1517, it appeared under the name "Tall Kisan" in the census of 1596, located in the "Nahiya" of Acca of the "Liwa" of Safad. The village had 6 Muslim households, who paid a tax-rate of 16,6% on various products, including wheat (1950 akçe); barley (770 akçe); cotton (1200 akçe); occasional revenues (50 akçe); and goats and beehives (125 akçe); a total of 4,095 akçe. 
In 1881, the PEF's "Survey of Western Palestine" (SWP) noted: "Guerin gives the measurement of the mound at 350 paces in length from west to east, by 125 in its greatest breadth; it is about 130 feet high. It is ascended at the north and south by a kind of slope produced by artificial depression of the ground. The plateau on the top is covered with fragments of pottery, and among them cubes of mosaic; heaps of stones from buildings now destroyed are also scattered about. On this Tell Saladin had his head quarters during the siege of St. Jean d'Acre by Guy de Lusignan, Richard Coeur de Lion, and Philip Augustus."
Today the tell is located on a privately owned farm. A portion of the tell is currently a cultivated olive grove.
Archaeological features.
Silver Hoard.
Phoenician era Tell Keisan, particularly during the second half of the 11th century BC, is one of the find spots of silver hoards belonging to the Cisjordan corpus of hacksilber. The hoard was found in the courtyard of a domestic complex inside of a Phoenician Bichrome jug in Stratum 9a, Area B, L635. The hoard is the dated the earliest of the hoards in the Cisjordan corpus. The hoard includes cut ingots, sheets, wires, rods, jewelry, four linen wrapped bundles of hacksilber sealed with unbaked clay bullae, and loose fragments. The total weight of the hoard was 345g. Tell Keisan along with Tel Dor are the only locations in the Near East where bundles sealed with bullae have been found. The silver found here contains copper percentages, (19 ± 12.6%), that is much higher than naturally occurring amounts. Eshel et al. infers that this indicates that copper was intentionally added to the silver. This is one of the factors that causes Eshel et al. to refute the idea that the Cisjordan corpus was quality controlled.
Transport Amphorae.
"Loop handle jars" are transport amphorae with two large handles that extend well above the lip of the jar. Dozens of loop handle jars were found in Tell Keisan. One variety of these jars, which were biconical shaped, dated to around 700-650 BCE. L. Courtois (1980) determined through petrographic analysis that these pots could not have been made locally in Tell Keisan. Gunneweg and Perlman (1991) traced the clay used to make these pots back to Kalopsida in Eastern Cyprus. They established this through Neutron Activation Analysis (NAA), comparing the composition of pots from Tell Keisan to clays from various potential sources. The clays seen in Tell Keisan appeared in two types, buff pink and grey green. These two are in fact of the same chemical composition and vary in color due to oxygenation conditions during firing. This variation was stated to be typical of the clay source in Kalopsida. In their analysis they also refute previous claims that this variety of loop handle jars originated from Rhodes, based again on chemical composition. It is also thought that the large quantities of bevel rimmed bowls, in comparison to other nearby locations, suggest a strong tie to Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="56969250" url="?curid=56969250" title="Pinakes (manga artist)">
Pinakes (manga artist)


</doc>
<doc id="56969256" url="?curid=56969256" title="Eua">
Eua


</doc>
<doc id="56969262" url="?curid=56969262" title="MS Thomson Majesty">
MS Thomson Majesty


</doc>
<doc id="56969275" url="?curid=56969275" title="Battle of Skornishchevo">
Battle of Skornishchevo

The Battle of Skornishchevo was a battle fought between the Grand Principality of Moscow and the Grand Principality of Ryazan on the 14th of December 1371. The battle took place near Pereyaslavl Ryazansky on the site, which was called Skornishchevo. The Muscovites won the battle forcing Oleg Ivanovich to flee, and not return to his rule for six months.
Background.
After the death of the Grand Prince of Moscow Ivan II Ivanovich of Moscow, a lingering dispute between the Grand Principality of Moscow and the Grand Principality of Ryazan resurfaced. It was mainly generated by the new Grand Prince of Moscow Dmitri Ivanovich Donskoy's relations with Tver and Lithuania. 
Although, in 1370, troops from Ryazan and Principality of Pronsk went to help the Muscovites against Algirdas, the following year, an open war began between Moscow and Grand Principality of Ryazan. On 14 December 1371 Dmitri Ivanovich Donskoy, Grand Prince of Moscow, sent his troops to Ryazan under the command of Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok of Volhynia. The Grand Prince of Ryazan Oleg Ivanovich assembled his squad, and cheerfully took to the battle.
The battle.
The Ryazanians already forgotten the failures of the previous wars with the Muscovites. The first 20 years of Oleg Ivanovich of Ryazan's reign awakened in them the consciousness of their own strengths, and they had previously discovered the certainty of victory. This confidence gave was met by northern chroniclers with contempt.
"Ryazanians, fierce and proud people, were so uplifted in their mind, that they began to talk to each other insanely: do not take armor and weapons with you, but take only belts and ropes with which to tie up the timid and weak Muscovites. The latter on the contrary walked with humility and sighing, calling on God to help. And the Lord, seeing their humility, raised the Muscovites, and the pride of the Ryazans was humiliated. " 
The battle took place near Pereyaslavl Ryazansky on the site, which was called Skornishchevo. The Moscow troops were under the command of Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok, one of the most talented military commanders of the era. The Ryazan troops were under the command of Oleg Ivanovich who was extremely confident but did not have the experience of his counterpart. The Chronicle of the battle indicates that Dmitri Bobrok used in his favor the excessive arrogance of his enemies.
"The Ryazanians waved belt loops in vain, the chronicler continues; They fell like sheaves and were killed like pigs. So the Lord helped Grand Prince Dmitri Ivanovich and his soldiers: they defeated the forces of Ryazan, and their prince, Oleg Ivanovich, barely escaped with a small group of followers." 
Belt and rope loops, which are mentioned in the chronicle, were probably nothing else than lassos, first used by the Ryazanians in the battle of Skornishchevo, but which were currently used by the Tartars in the steppes. No doubt, these lassos deceived the chronicler, who attributed to the Ryazanians such a frivolity, that they did not want to take weapons with them.
Consequences.
Oleg Ivanovich fled. The rule of Pereyaslavl Ryazan was taken by Vladimir Yaroslavovich Pronsky. (Six months later, Oleg Ivanovich returned to the capital with the help of the Tartar Murza.)

</doc>
<doc id="56969277" url="?curid=56969277" title="Pisagua prisoner-of-war camp">
Pisagua prisoner-of-war camp


</doc>
<doc id="56969284" url="?curid=56969284" title="Babak Jabbari">
Babak Jabbari

Babak Jabbari (, born October 10, 1994 in Iran) is an Iranian football forward who played for Esteghlal.

</doc>
<doc id="56969293" url="?curid=56969293" title="Jean Bertoin">
Jean Bertoin

Jean Bertoin (born 1961) is a French mathematician, specializing in probability theory.
Education and career.
Bertoin received in 1987 his doctorate from University of Paris VI under Marc Yor with "Étude des processus de Dirichlet". Bertoin taught and did research there and is now a professor at the University of Zurich.
In 1996 he received the Rollo Davidson Prize. In 2002 he was an Invited Speaker with talk "Some aspects of additive coalescents" at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Beijing. In 2012 he was an Invited Speaker with talk "Coagulation with limited aggregations" at the European Congress of Mathematicians in Kraków. He is a corresponding member of the Mexican Academy of Sciences.
His research deals with Lévy processes, Brownian motion, branching processes, random fragmentation, and coalescence processes.
His doctoral students include Grégory Miermont.

</doc>
<doc id="56969299" url="?curid=56969299" title="Militsa Prokhorova">
Militsa Prokhorova

Militsa Prokhorova (1907-1959, Moscow) was one of the founders of Soviet landscape architecture.
Biography.
Militsa Prokhorova was born and grew up in the Novogireyevo District of Moscow in a family of engineers. In 1924 she entered Vkhutemas, where she studied with N. Ladovsky and K. Melnikov. She graduated in 1928, a member of ASNOVA. She entered the Design and Planning Workshop at the TsPKiO, named after I. Gorky. She also found work in Goselenstroy, the Moscow city planning department. She had a major part in the landscaping of the Moscow State University in the Lenin Hills in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="56969314" url="?curid=56969314" title="Security Torx">
Security Torx


</doc>
<doc id="56969317" url="?curid=56969317" title="List of fishes of Montana">
List of fishes of Montana


</doc>
<doc id="56969320" url="?curid=56969320" title="Phi Beta Kappa Society">
Phi Beta Kappa Society


</doc>
<doc id="56969326" url="?curid=56969326" title="NGC 3256">
NGC 3256

NGC 3256 is a peculiar galaxy formed from the collision of two separate galaxies in the constellation of Vela. NGC 3256 is located about 100 million light years away and belongs to the Hydra-Centaurus supercluster complex. NGC 3256 provides a nearby template for studying the properties of young star clusters in tidal tails. The system hides a double nucleus and a tangle of dust lanes in the central region. The telltale signs of the collision are two extended luminous tails swirling out from the galaxy. The tails are studded with a particularly high density of star clusters. NGC 3256 is the most luminous galaxy in the infrared spectrum located within z 0.01 from Earth.
Characteristics.
Nuclei.
NGC 3256 has double nuclei: the northern and southern nucleus, separated by 5", which at the distance of NGC 3256 corresponds to 850 pc. The nuclei are clearly visible in radiowaves and mid infrared, but the southern nucleus is hidden by dust lanes at the optical spectrum. The two nuclei will coalesce as the merger proceeds to its final stage. Lipari et al. note the presence of a third nucleus based on the presence of an obscured knot detected only at wavelengths λ ≥ 3.75 μm, which they suggest is a nuclear HII region.
There is evidence of an outflow of ionised gas from the northern nucleus with shocks which is attributed to a superwind powered by the starburst. Based on observations by Spitzer Space Telescope, and Chandra X-ray Observatory, Ohyana et al. suggested that the southern nucleus of NGC 3256 is a heavily absorbed low luminosity active galactic nucleus, with X-ray spectrum consistent with a typical Compton-thin Seyfert 2 galaxy.
HII regions.
Although NGC 3256 has seven large HII regions, a number small in comparison with other interacting galaxies, they are very luminous, with a total flux 85 times that of the Tarantula Nebula and they could host super star clusters. The HII regions coincide with X-ray emission regions, with possible sources being supernova remnants and X-ray binaries, which suggests the sources are in clusters with massive stars which may be initially embedded in HII regions. The HI mass of these features suggests they could be progenitors of globular clusters.
Tidal tails.
NGC 3256 features two tidal tails. The two tails account for approximately 75% of the HI emission of the galaxy, which, however, includes a central absorption feature. Michael Rubrock et al. found that the two tails have different colors, suggesting different stellar populations. The eastern tail has mean stellar population age determined to be 841+125−157 Myr and a larger percentage of mass belonging to the stellar population that was formed before the galaxy interaction. In the eastern tail were also detected several young (&lt; 10 Myr), low mass objects with strong nebular emission, indicating a small, recent burst of star formation. The mean stellar population of the western tail was estimated to be 288+11−54 Myr and its light is dominated by stars formed after the interaction. The tails feature large numbers of star clusters, especially the western tail.
Nearby galaxies.
NGC 3256 belongs to a small group of galaxies which includes also the tidally disrupted NGC 3263 and NGC 3256C and roughly 15 more galaxies, as well as HI fragments. Some researchers have considered that NGC 3256 and NGC 3263 form two different groups but they are difficult to distinguish from each other spatially and two different group-finding algorithms applied to the same data catalogued the same galaxies in different groups. Among the features of the NGC 3256 group is a galaxy-sized intergalactic HI cloud known as the Vela Cloud, which as seen from Earth is not clearly associated with an individual galaxy but appears to be part of the group.
The NGC 3256 group belongs to the Hydra-Centaurus supercluster.

</doc>
<doc id="56969330" url="?curid=56969330" title="Van Wijngaarden">
Van Wijngaarden

Van Wijngaarden is a Dutch toponymic surname meaning "from Wijngaarden", a town in South Holland. Alternatively, it can refer to an origin in Sint Jacobiparochie in Friesland, which originally also was called "Wijngaarden". People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56969332" url="?curid=56969332" title="1888 United States presidential election in Florida">
1888 United States presidential election in Florida

The 1888 United States presidential election in Florida took place on November 6, 1888. All contemporary 38 states were part of the 1888 United States presidential election. Florida voters chose four electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Florida was won by the Democratic nominees, incumbent President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Allen G. Thurman of Ohio.
This is the last election until 2020 that Florida increased it's margin to an incumbent whom lost re-election nationally.

</doc>
<doc id="56969335" url="?curid=56969335" title="Smooth gooseneck barnacle">
Smooth gooseneck barnacle


</doc>
<doc id="56969337" url="?curid=56969337" title="Sonder-Kfz 1">
Sonder-Kfz 1


</doc>
<doc id="56969340" url="?curid=56969340" title="Pelagic gooseneck barnacle">
Pelagic gooseneck barnacle


</doc>
<doc id="56969360" url="?curid=56969360" title="Hex socket">
Hex socket


</doc>
<doc id="56969364" url="?curid=56969364" title="Garant 30k SK-1">
Garant 30k SK-1


</doc>
<doc id="56969366" url="?curid=56969366" title="Kave Lajevardi">
Kave Lajevardi


</doc>
<doc id="56969367" url="?curid=56969367" title="Kaave Lajvardi">
Kaave Lajvardi


</doc>
<doc id="56969373" url="?curid=56969373" title="Ernest Graf von Trautson">
Ernest Graf von Trautson


</doc>
<doc id="56969378" url="?curid=56969378" title="Johann Joseph Graf von Trautson">
Johann Joseph Graf von Trautson


</doc>
<doc id="56969383" url="?curid=56969383" title="Mishti Sharma">
Mishti Sharma

Mishti Sharma is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Scarlet Vas. She made her first appearance during the episode broadcast on 18 April 2017. The character was introduced alongside an extended branch of the show's long-standing Rebecchi family, who consist of Indian-Australians. The show's producer Jason Herbison thought their inclusion was important to better reflect Australian society. Actress Sharon Johal who plays Mishti's sister Dipi Rebecchi originally auditioned for the role of Mishti. When writers changed the characters age they hired Vas to play her instead. Vas made her final appearance as Mishti on 19 October 2018.
Mishti is characterised as having a strong passion for physical fitness and is family oriented. She often plays the role of peacemaker in her family when they argue. Vas has described Mishti as a "harsh" character who is "righteous about staying within the law." When Mishti arrives in Erinsborough she is keen to start a new life, suggesting she has a troubled past. She forms a business partnership with Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson) and opens a gym called The Shed. But viewers soon learn that Mishti is an ex-police officer who left the force following the death of her boyfriend Zander. Mishti's storylines have mainly focused on her relationship with Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano) and their many dramas. She also features in a pregnancy and miscarriage story. The character returns to the police force and begins investigating her neighbours who she believes are embroiled in the murder of Hamish Roche (Sean Taylor). Reaction to Mishti has been positive and Claire Crick from "Soaplife" branded her and Leo a "power couple".
Casting.
The character and casting details were announced on 27 March 2017. Mishti is Dipi Rebecchi's (Sharon Johal) sister. She arrives in Erinsborough with Dipi's husband Shane Rebecchi (Nicholas Coghlan), an extended branch of the show's long-standing Rebecchi family. The new Rebecchis are an Indian-Australian family. The show's producer Jason Herbison stated that "we felt it was important that our new extended Rebecchi family reflect the cultural diversity of the community and our audience." Network Ten's Head of Drama, Rick Maier added that "the new Rebecchi clan make for a very welcome addition to the neighbourhood, bringing fun, warmth and intrigue."
Vas was given the part a couple of days after she graduated from university, which she stated "was a dream come true". Vas found her first day on-set "nerve-wracking" but quickly settled into the role. Johal initially auditioned for the role after she received a call from the casting team. Mishti was originally supposed to be older, but casting directors decided to look for a younger actress following changes to the character's age. Producers still liked Johal's work and cast her as the much older Dipi instead. Mishti made her first appearance on 18 April 2017.
Development.
Characterisation.
The show's official website have stated that Mishti is keen on physical fitness training and enthusiastic about starting a new life in Erinsborough. But she often appears sad because of her past experiences which are initially kept secret from viewers. Mishti is very family oriented and close to her sister Dipi. She has a history of being in the police force and therefore is keen to uphold the law. Vas has described Mishti as a "harsh" character who is "righteous about staying within the law." She is also "kind, warm-hearted and sweet" despite her career. Vas also believes Mishti "certainly knows what she wants and how to get it."
Vas has said that Mishti's "smarts are like her super powers, she's very savvy." She uses this in her approach to solving crimes. She behaves in a very moral and righteous manner. Vas said that when another character tries to bribe Mishti, it is a mistake because she is "Mrs Morals". In her approach to police work Mishti has proven to be a nosey neighbour. She wants to solve all the crimes in the show. Vas said viewers has obviously picked up on this trait as Mishti has to know everything in an investigation.
Introduction.
Mishti arrives in Erinsborough to see her brother-in-law Shane. Coghlan, who plays Shane has explained that Mishti helps him when he considers moving to the area. The actor also described Mishti as "a dear friend" to Shane and said the two characters "share some pretty serious confidences." Mishti comes to Erinsborough wanting a fresh start. However, Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy thought she had a dark secret, noting "there's also an air of sadness about her." One of Mishti's early roles in her family's story was trying to unite the bickering clan. A series of arguments had left the family angry at one another. Mishti realises she needs to solve the family feud following Dipi's refusal to celebrate their annual Hindi ritual Rakhi. Mishti takes drastic action by handcuffing everyone together and forcing them to speak.
Mishti then decides to set-up a business in Erinsborough. She asks fellow fitness enthusiast Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson) to be her business partner in running a gym. He is hesitant but Mishti goes ahead and buys The Shed. Aaron later agrees to Mishti's plan and they open for business. Vas told a reporter from "Inside Soap" that Mishti "freaks out" when Aaron first changes his mind. She has to figure out what she can get out of the partnership. The pair eventually bond and become good friends whilst training together. Vas explained that Mishti is "obsessed with fitness" and Aaron's equal passion for it brings them together. Vas was happy with the on-screen friendship because it is "cute". Wilson was also happy with the pairing because it offered his character stability. In another storyline Mishti returns to working as a police officer. When Shane gets drunk and starts threatening Gary Canning (Damien Richardson) and vandalising his garden, she is forced to arrest him. Vas told an "Inside Soap" reporter that "if Mishti didn't do her job properly it would be very obvious to her superiors." Dipi is angry with Mishti who believes she should have protected her family. But Vas explained that Mishti's role in the Erinsborough is to protect the public and Shane was being drunk and disorderly in public. The actress added that it is a moment when "she is a cop, not a sister."
In Mishti's early month's on-screen it became clear that she was hiding a secret. Mishti does begin to reveal certain aspects of her past to Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). Vas told Alison James from "Soaplife" that she begins to confide in him after he earns her trust. Later Mishti and Shane discuss her secret in private which gives the impression they are having an affair. Vas explained that "whatever Mishti’s secret is, it’s complicated and it has the potential to cause problems within the family." She added that Mishti definitely wants Shane to keep her secret from other characters in the show. In addition "Neighbours" wanted to keep viewers guessing at what her secret could be. Mishti and Leo later argue when she discovers that he has been sabotaging his half-sister Amy Williams' (Zoe Cramond) relationship with Nick Petrides (Damien Fotiou). Their row esculates when Mishti is distracted and backs her car into Tyler Brennan (Travis Burns) and runs him over. The scenes were written into the episode to bring back "painful memories" for Mishti involving a past car accident.
Relationship with Leo Tanaka.
Since her inception Mishti shared many of her scenes with Leo, from which producers began developing a romantic relationship. Initially their bond takes a while to form. After befriending each other Mishti's reluctance to discuss her past causes problems. Vas told James from "Soaplife" that "Mishti starts dropping her guard and she begins to confide in him." Leo, a character who had previously been portrayed as ruthless, began showing a caring side towards Mishti. Writers would continue to have the duo stuck contemplating a relationship but ultimately remain friends. Producers finally decided to unite the pair in September 2017. When Amy wants Leo to sell his share of the Robinsons hotel she concocts a plan to get him and Mishti together. She assumes that Mishti will be able to convince Leo to sell. Mishti is unaware of Amy's true intentions and thinks she is matchmaking. Leo is furious when he finds out Amy's deceit and presumes Mishti is part of the scam. But Mishti later convinces him of her innocence and they decide to begin a relationship. Their romance faces early issues when Leo kisses Courtney Grixti (Emma Lane) and Mishti witnesses the moment. Courtney is engaged to Leo's father, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) and he wants to see if she will be unfaithful. Mishti later forgives Leo when he explains he wanted to ensure Courtney was committed to his father and not after money.
More problems followed focusing on the issue of trust. Mishti becomes secretive over her rogue investigation into the death of Hamish Roche (Sean Taylor). She lies about her whereabouts. But Mishti installed a tracking app on his telephone device, as a kind gesture to follow each other. Leo uses the app to track down Mishti and discovers she is lying. This caused Leo to believe he can no longer trust Mishti and they nearly break-up. Another issue arises when Leo's friend Elly Conway (Jodi Anasta) gets drunks and kisses Leo. The moment is witnessed by Dipi who informs Mishti, leading her to believe they were seeing each other. Mishti is forced to re-assume her role as peacemaker when Dipi and Leo begin arguing. Dipi believes that Leo has ill-advised her husband Shane over a business deal. She accusess him of plotting to secure a free urine powered generator Shane has invented. This is not true and Mishti is left with the task of solving their rift. They continue to bicker and fall into a swimming pool at a family barbecue.
In March 2018, "Neighbours" confirmed a new pregnancy story featuring Mishti and Leo. Leo is hurt at the Robinson Heights development site. A slab of broken concrete falls on top of him and leaves him trapped. Mishti is called out to the incident and is shocked to find Leo. Vas told Ellis ("Inside Soap") that Mishti is worried and can only reassure her boyfriend. But he is taken to hospital and recovers. The events lead Mishti to reveal her pregnancy. Vas explained that Mishti and Leo's relationship is still new, so she is unsure of how he will react. They had not thought about having children so are unsure about keeping it. But their families discover their news and are excited. The actress added "she and Leo aren't even sure they want to have the baby yet - but they're forced to go along with the family's celebrations." But Vas told Sally Brockway from "Soaplife" that Dipi's advice and support actually helps Mishti accept her pregnancy. Dipi's encouragement about being a mother makes Mishti "feel like she can do it because Dipi is an amazing mum to her three children." Mishti's next problem is telling Leo's father Paul as she fears his disapproval. To her surprise he is supportive. Vas added that Mishti thinks everything will be okay once Paul accepts the news. But she warned of many "twists and turns" for her relationship with Leo. It was later announced that Mishti would lose her unborn child in a miscarriage story.
Mishti and Leo argue about his new role at Lassiters hotel and she experiences pains. When she is taken to hospital she is told that she has suffered a miscarriage. A reporter from "Soaplife" revealed that Mishti's loss would "utterly devastated" but ultimately bring Mishti and Leo closer together. Their resilience is short-lived when Mishti's friend Monique Hughes (Madeleine Vizard) visits and ruins their relationship. She was a colleague at the police academy Mishti and Zander attended. Monique discovers that Lassiter's has sold alcohol to a minor and blackmails him for money in exchange for her silence.
Dilhan Ozdil feud.
Writers planned a revenge porn story for Mishti which began in June 2018. Rory O'Connor from the "Daily Express" reported that the story would leave a "trail of devastation" for the character. When Mishti attends a night out drinking with her friends she decides to have casual sex with Dilhan Ozdil (Kyle Hazebroek). She takes Dilhan back to her home and is unaware he intends to rob her. Vas told Maddison Hockey from "TV Week" that Mishti's reasons for her care-free behaviour is due to her need to move on from her miscarriage. She is initially "hesitant" but her friend Chloe Brennan (April Rose Pengilly) convinces her to have fun. Following their encounter Dilhan sneaks out of the bedroom to steal money, but Xanthe Canning (Lilly Van der Meer) disturbs him. Mishti is shocked and left questioning her behaviour but decides that she must track Dilhan down to arrest him. Then Mishti receives text messages revealing that he recorded them having sex and will upload it online if she does not drop the charges.
Mishti ignores his threats and enlists the help of Aaron to retrieve the footage from Dilhan, which is unsuccessful and it is shared online. Mishti is left humiliated and feels ashamed when a stranger recognises her and makes a lewd remark. Mishti feels more positive when Dilhan is arrested but his family secure his bail and he is released. Vas told from Hockey that Mishti wants to move on but Dilhan receiving bail hinders that. She explained that Mishti "just feels defeated, she's very angry with the whole situation." Leo becomes concerned and decides to try and trick Dilhan into breaking his bail conditions. He tries to cause a fight but when Dilhan goads him, Leo ends up punching Ned Willis (Ben Hall) instead. Dilhan continues to harass Mishti and sends her a series of threatening text messages. She worries her friends because of her reluctance to report the abuse. He threatens to visit her home and Mishti hears an intruder in her garden. Mishti is alarmed and recklessly withdraws her gun and fires a warning shot out of the door, which jeopardises her police career.
Departure.
On 8 October 2018, Daniel Kilkelly of "Digital Spy" confirmed that the character would be departing the serial the following week. Mishti decides to leave Erinsborough to join her fiancé Pavan Nahal (Akkshey Caplash) in Sydney. Mishti's exit scenes aired on 19 October. The following day, Vas posted a message about her departure on Instagram saying she "loved portraying every minute" of Mishti. She added, " to all the amazing viewers during my time on @neighbours.. To all my Mishti fans, your love and support means the world to me and I can't wait for you all to come with me on my journey in the next stage of my career..."
Storylines.
Mishti comes to Harold's Café in Erinsborough to talk to Shane Rebecchi about whether his brother Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) can help them. Mishti then tells Shane that she might have found a way to solve their problem. Shane later tells Mishti that he is thinking of moving to Erinsborough, as he and his wife Dipi need a fresh start. She asks Shane if he has told Toadie everything, but he says he is planning to. Mishti stays at the Erinsborough Backpackers and flirts with Leo. They agree that neither of them want a serious relationship. Mishti surprises Dipi when she and her daughters finally arrive in Erinsborough. Mishti helps an injured Piper Willis (Mavournee Hazel) when a ute crashes into the backpackers hostel. She continues to stay involved in the investigation and drives Tyler to the city, so he can question T-Bone (Des Flanagan). When Tyler assaults T-Bone, Mishti reports him to the police and it emerges that she is a former police officer. Shane admits to Dipi that Mishti gave him a loan, as he lost a lot of money trying to get his solar-powered lawnmower to work. Mishti also reveals that she followed Shane to Erinsborough to help out and get away from her old life.
Mishti befriends Aaron and they buy a local gym together. While arguing with Leo, Mishti gets into her car and reverses into Tyler. She briefly goes into shock, while Tyler is left with severe bruising. Mishti reveals to Leo that she was once engaged to a fellow police officer named Zander, who was run down and killed during an RBT patrol, and the driver responsible escaped justice. Shane later tells Dipi that shortly after Zander's death, he found Mishti smashing up the house and threatening to get justice for Zander. He stopped her from leaving with her service weapon, and she decided to quit the force. Mishti tells Dipi that the accident with Tyler reminded her of Zander. She starts a relationship with Leo. She finds Leo with Courtney and suspects he was cheating on her and runs off. Leo finds her and assures her that he was only trying to find out if Courtney was truly committed to her relationship with his dad, Paul. She is suspicious in the whereabouts of Gary and his mother Sheila Canning (Colette Mann) on the night of Hamish's death and investigates. Impressing the sergeant she is then offered to return to a job in the police force and accepts. Mishti tells Aaron that she will no longer be working with him at The Shed. Mishti investigates Paul's interference with hotel records, but is ordered to stop. She arrests Shane following a drunken public disturbance on Ramsay Street and puts him in a cell to sober up. Dipi is angry with Mishti arresting her own family, but she later forgives her sister.
While on duty, Mishti receives a radio call indicating that an accident occurred at the Robinson Heights housing development site. Mishti arrives to find Leo being treated by paramedics after being crushed by a concrete slab. After Leo is given the all clear, Mishti tells him she is pregnant. Kirsha hears about Mishti's pregnancy and tells her family. Mishti experiences pains and miscarries her baby. She and Leo agree that it was too soon to start a family and move on. Mishti's former colleague Monique Hughes (Madeleine Vizard) visits and they reminisce about their time working with Zander. Monique discovers that Lassiters have illegally sold alcohol to Xanthe and she tries to blackmail Leo in exchange for her silence. This causes Leo to hire a private investigator and he discovers that Monique and Zander had been involved with illegal gangs. Leo informs Mishti who is devastated that her boyfriend, best friend and ex-fiancé have all lied to her. She realises she can no longer trust anyone and ends her relationship with Leo. Mishti has a one-night stand with Dilhan Ozdil and he steals money from her purse. Dilhan threatens to upload footage of them having sex to the internet if she does not drop the theft charges. Aaron helps Mishti retrieve the footage and she arrests Dilhan. He is granted bail and makes the footage public. Mishti delivers a talk at Erinsborough High about the emotional impact of revenge porn. She tries to move on, but Dilhan starts sending her abusive text messages.
When she is home alone Dilhan's texts make her feel unsafe. Chloe creeps into Mishti's back garden to check-up on her, Mishti withdraws her gun and discharges a warning shot. Mishti is overcome with guilt and reports herself to the police, who decide not to take any legal action and request that she retakes her weapon training. Mishti sells her half of The Shed to Paul. After an unsuccessful date with Rob Carson (Christopher Farrell), Mishti joins an arranged marriage website, where she meets Sydney dentist Pavan Nahal. After opening up about their pasts, Mishti and Pavan become engaged. Mishti agrees to help Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) search for Monique and contacts her. Monique has Dilhan beaten up, before meeting with Mishti. Monique realises she is being set up and Mishti arrests her. At the station, Mishti learns that she is compromised an investigation and is suspended. Pavan calls of the engagement when he learns about the sex tape and Mishti accuses Dipi of telling him about it. Dipi later intervenes and speaks to Pavan. She learns that Monique sent the video, and that he was angry that Mishti did not tell him about it. Pavan comes to see Mishti and they reconcile. When he receives a job offer in Sydney, Mishti decides to leave Erinsborough to be with him. Dipi organises a farewell party for her before she departs.
Reception.
Di Hollingsworth from "What's on TV" branded Mishti a "stunningly beautiful and superfit" character. She added "it's been clear from the off she’s hiding something." Claire Crick from "Soaplife" said "Leo Tanaka and Mishti Sharma are certainly something of a power couple. Not only are they both massively successful in their beloved jobs, but they also make a beautiful pairing to boot." Another branded her "mysterious Mishti Sharma". Sasha Morris from the "Daily Star" has called the character a "brunette bombshell" and "peacemaker", adding "Mishti cemented her position as Neighbours' latest hottie." Responding to the viewers incorrect theories Mishti is Dipi's secret daughter, Morris said "that would be the mother of all plot twists." Helen Daly from the "Daily Express" named her "the new cop on the block", "mysterious new character" and said she was "like every police officer that's come before her" for mistrusting Paul. Upon learning Mishti's secret past, a "Liverpool Echo" writer stated "they're the stuff on which soaps are so often built, so it should come as no surprise to learn than Mishti has one – and it's a whopper, too."

</doc>
<doc id="56969384" url="?curid=56969384" title="Alice De Innocentiis">
Alice De Innocentiis

Alice De Innocentiis (born 4 June 1984) is an Italian-born Australian female volleyball player. She is part of the Australian women's national volleyball team.
She participated at the 2016 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix, and 2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix and 2017 World Qualification Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56969398" url="?curid=56969398" title="Part of the Light">
Part of the Light

Part of the Light is the seventh studio album by Ray LaMontagne, released on May 18, 2018, via RCA Records. "Such a Simple Thing" was released as the lead single.
Reception.
"Part of the Light" received generally favorable reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 74 based on 7 reviews.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ray LaMontagne.

</doc>
<doc id="56969410" url="?curid=56969410" title="Such a Simple Thing">
Such a Simple Thing


</doc>
<doc id="56969413" url="?curid=56969413" title="List of Polish inventors and discoverers">
List of Polish inventors and discoverers

This is a list of Polish inventors and discoverers. The following list comprises people from Poland and of Polish origin, and also people of predominantly Polish heritage, in alphabetical order of the surname.
O.
Stanisław Olszewski: engineer and inventor, co-creator of modern electric arc welding.

</doc>
<doc id="56969415" url="?curid=56969415" title="Part of the Light Tour">
Part of the Light Tour


</doc>
<doc id="56969422" url="?curid=56969422" title="Maelsechlainn Ua Madadhan">
Maelsechlainn Ua Madadhan


</doc>
<doc id="56969425" url="?curid=56969425" title="LGBT rights in the Palestinian territories">
LGBT rights in the Palestinian territories


</doc>
<doc id="56969427" url="?curid=56969427" title="George Helgesen Fitch">
George Helgesen Fitch


</doc>
<doc id="56969433" url="?curid=56969433" title="LGBT in the State of Palestine">
LGBT in the State of Palestine


</doc>
<doc id="56969434" url="?curid=56969434" title="Berta Rahm">
Berta Rahm

Berta Rahm (October 4, 1910 in St. Gallen; October 10, 1998 in Neunkirch) was a Swiss architect, writer, publisher, and feminist activist.
Life and career.
With some influence from her uncle Arnold Meyer, who owned a successful firm in Hallau, Rahm studied architecture at the ETH Zürich (Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule, the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich) from 1929 to 1934. After graduating she traveled through Scandinavia and the Netherlands with grant funding from ETH. Following her travels, she worked in Hallau, Flims and Zürich, until she started her own firm in 1940. Rahm was strongly influenced by Scandinavian architecture and built various vacation houses, single-family residences and exhibition pavilions, most notably the 1959 pavilion for SAFFA, in the Scandinavian style. The relative social and personal freedom allowed women in Scandinavia also formed a lasting impression on Rahm. In 1942 she put together a book on the subject illustrated with her own drawings. 
Her position as a woman made it difficult for Rahm to secure building licenses and she was excluded from design competitions, especially for profitable public building projects, and she decided to close her firm and retire as an architect in 1966. Following the closure of her office, she founded a publishing firm, ALA-Verlag, specializing in feminist literature, which operated into the 1990s. ALA-Verlag published a series of women's biographies and reissued classic works of feminism by Mary Wollstonecraft, Flora Tristan and Hedwig Dohm. For each book published under her tenure, she wrote an instructional fore- and afterword.
Rahm was a member of the Schweizerischen Ingenieur- und Architektenvereins (Swiss Engineers and Architects Union), the Union internationale des femmes architectes (UIFA), and the Bund Schweizerischer Frauenorganisationen (Federation of Swiss Women's Associations).

</doc>
<doc id="56969435" url="?curid=56969435" title="Albrecht von Mutzschen">
Albrecht von Mutzschen

Albrecht von Mutzschen otherwise Albrecht II of Meissen or Albrecht II von Mutzschen (died 24 July 1266) was Bishop of Meissen from 1258 to 1266.
Albrecht was a member of the noble von Mutzschen family (later also von Motzin). He was a canon of Meissen Cathedral and provost of the collegiate church of Wurzen. His episcopate, about which there is little information, coincided with the Interregnum and the War of the Thuringian Succession.
Albrecht died in Löbnitz. He was buried on 1 August 1266 in Meissen Cathedral. Fragments of his sarcophagus survive. It was discovered in the 18th century. Despite gaps in the inscriptions it was possible to date it. On the lid a scratched drawing of a mitre and crosier is distinguishable.

</doc>
<doc id="56969438" url="?curid=56969438" title="Sfyria">
Sfyria


</doc>
<doc id="56969441" url="?curid=56969441" title="HTOU">
HTOU


</doc>
<doc id="56969444" url="?curid=56969444" title="Dos (card game)">
Dos (card game)


</doc>
<doc id="56969453" url="?curid=56969453" title="EU allowance">
EU allowance


</doc>
<doc id="56969454" url="?curid=56969454" title="Vehicle subscription">
Vehicle subscription

Vehicle subscription is a service where a customer pays a recurring fee for the right to use one or more automotive vehicles. Some vehicle subscriptions offer insurance and maintenance as part of the subscription fee; other subscriptions allow the subscriber to switch between different vehicles during their subscription period. Industry commentators consider vehicle subscription to be an alternative to owning or leasing a vehicle.
Vehicle subscriptions have been available since 2010 when Rima Braden of Autosource, LLC offered a short-term flexible auto acquisition program from his dealership in Honolulu, Hawaii that he coined "Flexlease". Rebranded as "Carousel" in 2013, the program was restricted to the city and county of Honolulu and remains in operation today. In 2014 flexdrive, now jointly owned by Cox Automotive and Holman Enterprises, launched. Clutch Technologies, a start-up, launched a subscription service for consumers in Atlanta in mid-2014; Flow Automotive Companies was the first automotive dealership to offer a subscription service, launching Drive Flow in Winston-Salem in 2016, using Clutch's technology platform. In the same year, a group of Brazilian entrepreneurs launched "VAI" for ride-sharing drivers in the Sao Paulo Metro Area. 2017 saw several automotive manufacturers announce and launch subscription services, including Book by Cadillac, Porsche Passport, Care by Volvo and Canvas (backed by Ford Motor Company). By 2018, a number of startups and automotive dealership companies had launched subscriptions in multiple markets and flexdrive became the first U.S.-based car subscription company to support dealerships and fleet operators stateside and globally through its partnership with Dribe in Denmark.
Definition.
Vehicle subscriptions are a type of subscription business model where a customer pays a periodic fee for the use of one or more vehicles. The difference between a vehicle subscription and buying a vehicle is that the subscription service retains ownership of the vehicle. While vehicle subscriptions and traditional automotive leases both involve recurring payments, many subscription services offer more flexibility in terms of minimum term and the ability to swap between vehicles. The main difference between vehicle subscriptions and vehicle or car rental is that most subscriptions are designed to offer full-time possession of a vehicle such that the subscription replaces the customer's primary vehicle, whereas rental involves the effort of procuring vehicles for specific dates or trips.
Vehicle subscriptions have been variously been identified as part of the "sharing economy" or part of the "subscription economy". Vehicle subscriptions have also been classified as a form of "transportation-as-a-service" and as a form of "mobility-as-a-service".
Common features.
Edmunds.com observes that there is a wide variety in the types of vehicle subscriptions that are available, such that many different customer needs can be met across the various services. Most vehicle subscriptions allow customers to pay a flat periodic fee, typically on a monthly basis. Whereas some subscription offerings have no minimum term (e.g., Book by Cadillac), others do have a minimum term (e.g., Care by Volvo launched with a two-year minimum term). Vehicle subscriptions include flat-rate, no-haggle pricing. Prospective customers typically sign-up using an app. The monthly fee may include insurance, maintenance and roadside assistance. Some services include a mileage limit and some offer unlimited mileage. Several services, such as Carousel, Porsche Passport and Book by Cadillac, offer the option to swap between different types of vehicles. Some services offer unlimited swaps and some restrict the number of swaps.
Types of providers and their business models.
Vehicle subscriptions are offered by several different categories of company. Each category is pursuing a slightly different business model.
Automotive manufacturers.
Several automotive manufacturers and brands offer or have announced vehicle subscriptions, including Porsche, Volvo, Cadillac, Hyundai, Mercedes Benz, BMW, Lexus and Ford. These services offer subscribers vehicles from a single brand or, in the case of Volvo, a single vehicle. While initial launches have tended to focus on one or two cities, there is evidence that the manufacturers will eventually offer their services more broadly: for example Care by Volvo was immediately available across the country and Book by Cadillac has expanded beyond its original launch market of New York City.
In 2018, another Indian company was launched. Myles Automotive Technologies (Delhi-based) is a multi-brand car subscription brand operating in all metropolitan cities.
The manufacturers have announced various objectives for these programs. Volvo has described the objective of Care by Volvo as to provide convenience by offering access, insurance, maintenance and support within a single package. Cadillac has described the objective of Book by Cadillac as being to grow the number of Cadillac drivers, particularly those who are new to the brand. Porsche has described their Passport service as a way to cater to customers with highly varied lives. Ford has described Canvas as a way to grow the number of Ford drivers while also controlling the number of used vehicles hitting automotive auctions.
In April 2018 the BMW Group started their own vehicle subscription service Access by BMW as a trial in Nashville, Tennessee. Access is currently available in USA and Singapore.
In May 2020 the BMW Group started their own vehicle subscription service in MINI Subscribe. MINI Subscribe is currently available in major German cities such as Munich and Hamburg, offering a range of models including the iconic MINI Cooper, MINI Cooper SE and the MINI Cooper Countryman.
Automotive dealerships.
A number of automotive dealerships have launched vehicle subscriptions focused on the markets where they have stores. The services offered by these dealerships typically include vehicles from several different brands offered by their stores, allowing customers to drive a wide variety of vehicles. Examples:
Start-ups and corporate-backed ventures.
A large number of start-ups have been created to offer vehicle subscription services. One early pioneer in the vehicle subscription space was Joule. Other USA-based start-ups include Go, Carma, Borrow, and Mobiliti. Several vehicle subscription start-ups have been founded in Europe, including Wagonex, Cocoon Vehicles and Drover, from the United Kingdom, and Dribe and Bilabonnement, both from Denmark. A UK based startup, Elmo, focuses on a subscription service exclusively for electric vehicles. In 2017, Gurgaon based startup Revv Cars, launched monthly multi-brand car subscription program Switch across 15 cities in India.
In 2018, another Indian company was launched. Myles Automotive Technologies (Delhi-based) is a multi-brand car subscription brand operating in all metropolitan cities.
Several established companies have created new business units that are offering vehicle subscriptions. In the US, Cox Enterprises launched flexdrive. In Europe, LeasePlan, a vehicle leasing company, will offer subscriptions with their CarNext.com platform.
VAI, a brazilian subscription service for ride-sharing drivers was founded in December 2017 in Sao Paulo.
The German company like2drive GmbH was founded in February 2018 as part of the Fleetpool Group.
Cluno, a multi-brand car subscription service operating in Germany, was founded in October 2017.
A car subscription service in Czech Republic, called Driveto Klub, was launched in October 2018 by Driveto. Driveto was founded in Prague in 2017 and started as an online aggregator of operating lease offers. The majority of the start-up is owned by Miton, an online investment group from Jablonec nad Nisou.
Australia's car subscription services include Carbar, HelloCars and Carly, all of which were launched in early 2019. As registered Victorian and NSW motor dealers, Carbar and HelloCars subscription vehicles are owned and operated by their respective companies while Carly utilises peer-to-peer customer vehicles offered in partnership with sister company DriveMyCar Rentals Pty Ltd. In addition to retail car subscription providers, the Australian market has also seen the launch of Loopit, a software platform enabling OEMs, dealerships and rental car companies to launch and manage their own car subscription product.
A pioneer in the Swiss vehicle subscription market is Carvolution AG, launched in 2018, supported a 50 million CHF investment by the insurance group In partnerships with and LIDL, the start-up holds around 80% of the market share.
CARIFY, with the largest selection of cars of similar ventures in Switzerland, was founded in September 2019 by Sergio Studer and Raffael Fiechter.
Vehicle subscription has also begun to flourish in the Middle East, with Invygo launching the region's first car subscription app in March 2019.
Car subscription software providers.
Start-up Clutch Technologies has operated a subscription service in Atlanta since 2014. However, Clutch's primary business is to provide software for dealerships, manufacturers and others to offer subscriptions.
Loopit (formerly Blinker Subscription) was launched in Australia in August 2019 and provides car subscription software to automotive manufacturers, car dealerships, car subscription companies and other related businesses to operate their own vehicle subscription service. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Loopit experienced a 52% increase in enquiries from car dealerships looking to introduce a car subscription model during the shutdown.
Other providers.
Zipcar is offering a version of vehicle subscription, dubbed Zipcar Commuter, that provides dedicated possession of a vehicle from Monday to Friday.
Aggregator websites.
As more car subscription services enter the markets on a global scale, new aggregation websites and price comparison websites can be observed, for example, carsubscriptions.org and autoabos.org.

</doc>
<doc id="56969458" url="?curid=56969458" title="Albrecht II von Mutzschen">
Albrecht II von Mutzschen


</doc>
<doc id="56969462" url="?curid=56969462" title="Minakshi Datta">
Minakshi Datta

Minakshi Datta (Bengali: মীনাক্ষী দত্ত) is a Bengali educationist, writer, actor, translator and anthologist. An educator all her life, she is a widely recognized influence in the Kolkata and the New York literary and cultural circles. Married to fellow Bengali writer Jyotirmoy Datta, she is the mother of two children, Mallinath Datta, who was an IT professional, dramatist and filmmaker, and Kankabati Datta, who is an editor and a writer.
Minakshi and Jyotirmoy Datta divide their time between Kolkata, India and Cherry Hill, New Jersey, USA.She also acted in a Bengali movie Banojyotsna directed by Dinen Gupta.
Biography.
Minakshi Datta was born on 1 October 1935 in Kolkata to eminent parents. Her father was Buddhadeb Bosu, one of the most important Bengali literary figures after Rabindranath Tagore. Her mother was the celebrated novelist and singer Prativa Bosu, many of whose novels have been bestsellers and have been made into successful movies.&lt;br&gt;
Minakshi Datta grew up in what was then the cradle of modernism in Bengal, ‘Kavita Bhavan’ at 202 Rashbehari Avenue, Kolkata. She graduated from Presidency College, Kolkata, and did her master's degree at the University of Calcutta. Since then, her active participations in various streams of literature have continued in parallel with her professional life as an educator, spanning two countries - India and the USA.
Literary activities.
Minakshi Datta has authored fifteen books. This includes an anthology of Western love stories, titled ‘Bideshini’ (Bengali for ‘woman of other lands’), published in 1960. This book has been reprinted multiple times. It introduced several Western masters of romantic fiction to the Bengali readers. Her three-volume authoritative anthology of the ‘Best of Kavita’ (poetry magazine edited by her father Buddhadeb Bosu) is regarded by many as the best introduction to modern Bengali poetry. Her memoir of some of the literary figures that she knew in her youth and childhood, ‘Album theke koyekjon’ (Bengali for ‘profiles from my album’) brings to life one of the most colorful periods of Bengali literature. She is a featured writer of a column on the Sunday edition of a leading daily Kolkata newspaper ‘Aajkaal.’ &lt;br&gt;
Datta's autobiographical sketches of Kavita Bhavan, ‘Buddhodeb Bosu O Tanr Sarorswat Goshthi’ (Bengali for ‘Buddhadeva Bose and his Literary Circle’) and ‘Smritite Chithite Buddhodeb Bosu’ (Bengali for ‘Reminiscences and Letters of Buddhadeva Bose’) portray the age of artistic excitement in Kolkata of the 1950s and 1960s.
Datta's original works includes two books of short stories. Her translations include ‘Kalki’ by Dr. Radhakrishnan, 'Dr. Zhivago’ by Boris Pasternak, journals of Fanny Parkes, and the autobiography of the ballet dancer Le Cunxin.
Literary and cultural organizations.
In USA, Datta has been the President of 'Tagore Society of New York.' She was the founder of the New Jersey-based drama group ‘Aastha.’
Biographical book.
In 2017, a collection of essays on Minakshi Datta and Jyotirmoy Datta was published in the Kolkata Book Fair, titled "A Liber Amicorum - Jyotirmoy Datta o Minakshi Datta, Bondhuder Lekhay." The book has articles in Bengali and English.
Acting.
Datta has acted in two Bengali feature films – Dinen Gupta's ‘Bonjyotsna’ and Buddhadev Dasgupta's ‘Continent of Love.’ She has also acted in several plays including Rabindranath Tagore's ‘Shesh raksha,’ ‘Chirakumar sabha,’ ‘Dalia’ and ‘Grihaprabesh.’

</doc>
<doc id="56969467" url="?curid=56969467" title="Lonicera hildebrandiana">
Lonicera hildebrandiana

Lonicera hildebrandiana, the giant Burmese honeysuckle, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to southeast Asia, in China (Guanxi and Yunnan), Thailand and Burma. Growing to at least tall and broad, with flowers and leaves up to long, this climbing, twining shrub is by far the largest of all the honeysuckles. The evergreen leaves are glossy, and the long thin tubular flowers open cream, turning to yellow and orange. The flowers, which have a strong honeysuckle fragrance, appear in pairs intermittently from spring throughout summer, and are followed in autumn by green berries.
"Lonicera hildebrandiana" was found in Burma (now Myanmar) in 1888 by Henry Collett, who named it after a local administrator Arthur Hedding Hildebrand, himself an enthusiastic collector. Hildebrand later sent seeds to Kew Gardens for storage and propagation purposes. Since then, specimens have been located in China and Thailand.
This plant does not tolerate frost, so when cultivated in cold temperate areas it must be grown under glass, either in a large conservatory or greenhouse. When grown in warmer temperate zones, it may be planted in a sheltered bay out of direct winter winds until it has grown to a height above the frost-line. A fully grown plant is relatively heavy, especially after rain, so requires strong support as it is not self-supporting. It has been given the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="56969469" url="?curid=56969469" title="Albrecht II of Meissen">
Albrecht II of Meissen


</doc>
<doc id="56969472" url="?curid=56969472" title="Nicole Stokholm Pedersen">
Nicole Stokholm Pedersen


</doc>
<doc id="56969477" url="?curid=56969477" title="Evil Days of Luckless John">
Evil Days of Luckless John


</doc>
<doc id="56969478" url="?curid=56969478" title="Casey's Hot 20">
Casey's Hot 20


</doc>
<doc id="56969483" url="?curid=56969483" title="Casey's Countdown">
Casey's Countdown


</doc>
<doc id="56969486" url="?curid=56969486" title="Office of Blood Research and Review">
Office of Blood Research and Review


</doc>
<doc id="56969489" url="?curid=56969489" title="Žhavé léto 3 ½">
Žhavé léto 3 ½


</doc>
<doc id="56969494" url="?curid=56969494" title="Chocolate Girl (disambiguation)">
Chocolate Girl (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56969502" url="?curid=56969502" title="Car subscription">
Car subscription


</doc>
<doc id="56969504" url="?curid=56969504" title="José Pedro Malheiro de Sá">
José Pedro Malheiro de Sá


</doc>
<doc id="56969516" url="?curid=56969516" title="Combustion Theory and Modelling">
Combustion Theory and Modelling

Combustion Theory and Modelling is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on combustion. The editors-in-chief are Moshe Matalon (University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign) and Mitchell D. Smooke (Yale University). It is published by Taylor &amp; Francis and was established in 1997. 
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in,
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.855.

</doc>
<doc id="56969518" url="?curid=56969518" title="Charlestown Maryland">
Charlestown Maryland


</doc>
<doc id="56969522" url="?curid=56969522" title="Independent Group of the Condado de Treviño">
Independent Group of the Condado de Treviño

Independent Group of the Condado de Treviño (, AECT) is a municipal political party in Condado de Treviño (Castille and León, Spain) created in 1991. 
Ideology and goals.
The party supports an integration of the Enclave of Treviño in Álava and therefore in the Basque Country. The main arguments in favor of integration are the will of most of the treviñeses, and the problems that the Enclave of Treviño suffers due to its isolation from the rest of the Province of Burgos, especially in the area of public services.
Election results.
AECT governed the municipality between 1999 and 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="56969525" url="?curid=56969525" title="Combust. Theor. Model.">
Combust. Theor. Model.


</doc>
<doc id="56969527" url="?curid=56969527" title="Combust Theor Model">
Combust Theor Model


</doc>
<doc id="56969530" url="?curid=56969530" title="The Multinational Monitor">
The Multinational Monitor


</doc>
<doc id="56969548" url="?curid=56969548" title="Matías Garrido">
Matías Garrido

Leonardo Matías Garrido (born 2 February 1986) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Liga Nacional club Olimpia.
Career.
Garrido began his career with Peñarol. He joined Trinidad in 2005, who he featured twenty times for during the 2005–06 Torneo Argentino B; scoring three goals in the process. In 2008, Garrido was signed by Torneo Argentino A team Sportivo Desamparados. Seven goals in ninety-six appearances followed in three seasons, with the last yielding promotion to Primera B Nacional. He subsequently made two appearances in tier two, prior to departing Sportivo Desamparados in 2011 to play for Primera B Nacional's Gimnasia y Esgrima. He played a total of thirty matches for the club between 2011 and 2013.
On 2 July 2013, Garrido joined Juventud Unida Universitario of Torneo Argentino A. He scored in his third match for them, in a win over CAI on 1 September. That was one of seven goals in 2013–14 for Garrido. He left Juventud Unida Universitario in mid-2014, joining Torneo Federal A side Deportivo Madryn for the rest of the year. He went on to score seven goals in thirteen games as Deportivo Madryn finished ninth. 2015 saw Garrido join Patronato in Primera B Nacional. He scored ten goals in forty-three appearances in a debut season that ended with promotion to the Argentine Primera División.
Garrido completed a move to Primera B Nacional club Sarmiento on 11 January 2019. Garrido headed abroad for the first time in the succeeding June, agreeing a contract with Honduran outfit Olimpia. He netted on his unofficial bow, scoring in a Copa Premier Centroamericana match with Costa Rica's Herediano on 11 July; a goal in the same competition over Árabe Unido of Panama followed. On 28 July, Garrido scored on his Liga Nacional debut versus Honduras Progreso, before continuing his scoring streak with a strike against Real Sociedad in his second appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="56969557" url="?curid=56969557" title="Beit 'Ur at Tahta">
Beit 'Ur at Tahta


</doc>
<doc id="56969561" url="?curid=56969561" title="Al Midya">
Al Midya


</doc>
<doc id="56969562" url="?curid=56969562" title="Prevention of chronic traumatic encephalopathy">
Prevention of chronic traumatic encephalopathy


</doc>
<doc id="56969565" url="?curid=56969565" title="Causes of Alzheimer's disease">
Causes of Alzheimer's disease


</doc>
<doc id="56969569" url="?curid=56969569" title="Causes of ADHD">
Causes of ADHD


</doc>
<doc id="56969575" url="?curid=56969575" title="Olaniyi R. Akindiya">
Olaniyi R. Akindiya

Olaniyi Rasheed Akindiya, also known as Akirash, is an artist from Lagos, Nigeria.
Early life and education.
He studied art at the Institute of Textile Technology, Arts, and Design in Oregun, Lagos State.
Career.
He founded the nonprofit ARTWITHAKIRASH in 2000, which invites the community to participate in his performance art.
He moved to Austin, Texas, in 2011. One example of his public performance art is his 2013 walk from CentralTrak to the Magnolia Hotel in Dallas wearing tape and water bottles. When he arrived at the Pegasus Plaza at the Magnolia Hotel: "[h]e was walking around a massive canvas covered in strips and piles of cloth and surrounded by little Ziploc bags of paint. Akirash picked one up, twisted it into the shape of an icing bag and bit the corner off, then held it about penis-level and pretended to pee color onto the canvas, swaying back and forth like a boy pissing into a lake." He then invited the crowd to participate in painting.
In 2018 Akirash installed a piece called "Masquerades Mythologies" at the Lawndale Art Center.

</doc>
<doc id="56969580" url="?curid=56969580" title="Causes of brain cancer">
Causes of brain cancer


</doc>
<doc id="56969581" url="?curid=56969581" title="Roseanne (season 10)">
Roseanne (season 10)

The tenth and final season of the American television sitcom "Roseanne" follows the Conners, a working-class family, struggling to get by on a limited household income in their home at 714 Delaware Street in the drab fictional mid-state exurb of Lanford, Illinois. The season was produced by Carsey-Werner Television, with Roseanne Barr, Bruce Helford, Whitney Cummings, Sara Gilbert, Tom Werner, and Tony Hernandez serving as executive producers.
Barr starred as Roseanne Conner, while John Goodman played Dan Conner. They were joined by principal cast members Laurie Metcalf, Gilbert, Lecy Goranson, and Michael Fishman, who reprised their roles from the previous seasons, with Emma Kenney, Ames McNamara, and Jayden Rey joining them. Development on a revival of "Roseanne" series, with Barr, Goodman, and Gilbert. ABC ordered a tenth season revival of the series, consisting of eight episodes, set to air as a mid-season replacement during the 2017–18 television season, with the original cast. Production on the season began in October 2017. An additional episode was ordered in November 2017.
The season premiere was watched by 18.44 million viewers and had a 5.2 rating in the 18–49 demographic, the highest rated Tuesday entertainment telecast in six years among adults 18–49, and television's highest rated comedy telecast on any night in 3.5 years, since "The Big Bang Theory" in September 2014. The season, which began airing on ABC on March 27, 2018, has received generally positive reviews from critics. The series was renewed for an eleventh season on March 30, 2018, just three days after the season premiere, but the series was subsequently cancelled by ABC on May 29, 2018, following Barr's racist remarks made on Twitter about Valerie Jarrett, a former advisor to Barack Obama. It was followed by the first season of "The Conners".
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Production.
Development.
During "Roseanne"s ninth season, Roseanne Barr was in negotiations with Carsey-Werner Productions to continue playing Roseanne Conner in a spin-off. ABC, which had an option on the spinoff, initially expressed interest but withdrew from negotiations due to the high cost, with a different network poised to pick up the project. However, after failed discussions with CBS and Fox, Barr and Carsey-Werner agreed "to call it a day" and discontinue the negotiations for the spinoff. In the fall of 2008, Barr commented on what the current whereabouts of the Conners would be, saying "I've always said now that if they were on TV, DJ would have been killed in Iraq and [the Conners] would have lost their house." She refused to reveal any more information on the rest of the Conners in the hope that it "may be developed later". In December 2009, Barr posted an entry on her website regarding what a possible "Roseanne" reunion would be like, which included: DJ getting published, Mark dying in Iraq; David leaving Darlene for a woman half his age, Darlene coming out and meeting a woman and having a test tube baby with her, Roseanne and Jackie opening the first medical marijuana dispensary in Lanford, Dan reappearing alive after faking his death [in the series finale], and Bonnie being arrested for selling crack.
In April 2017, reports circulated that an eight-episode revival of the series was being shopped to multiple networks including ABC and Netflix, spearheaded by Sara Gilbert with Roseanne Barr and John Goodman set to reprise their roles alongside Gilbert. On May 16, 2017, ABC announced that "Roseanne" would return for an eight-episode tenth season set to air as a mid-season replacement during the 2017–18 television season. An additional episode was ordered on November 13, 2017, bringing the total for the season to nine episodes.
Casting.
Main cast members Roseanne Barr, John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf, Lecy Goranson, Sara Gilbert and Michael Fishman return from previous seasons as Roseanne Conner, Dan Conner, Jackie Harris, Becky Conner-Healy, Darlene Conner, and D.J. Conner, respectively. In September 2017, Ames McNamara was announced to be cast as Mark Conner-Healy, Darlene and David's 8-year-old son; while Emma Kenney was cast as Harris Conner-Healy, David and Darlene's teenage daughter. Jayden Rey joined the cast in October as Mary Conner, D.J.'s daughter. Sarah Chalke, who played Becky during the later seasons of the series, appears as Andrea, a married woman who hires Becky to be her surrogate. Also returning from earlier in the series are Judy Prescott as Miss Crane, Estelle Parsons as Beverly Harris, Sandra Bernhard as Nancy Bartlett, Natalie West as Crystal Anderson, James Pickens, Jr. as Chuck Mitchell, Adilah Barnes as Anne Marie Mitchell, and Johnny Galecki as David Healy. In December 2017, it was announced that Christopher Lloyd would guest star in the revival as a love interest of Parsons' character Beverly.
Filming.
Production on the season began on October 17, 2017, and concluded on December 15, in Studio City, Los Angeles.
Release.
Broadcast.
The season began airing on March 27, 2018, on ABC in the United States, and on CTV in Canada.
Marketing.
The first trailer for the season premiered during the 90th Academy Awards on March 4, 2018, which Emily Longeretta for "Us Weekly" commented that "the comedy wasted no time when it came to cracking jokes about its ending." Shane Lou at "Today" said the message of the trailer was clear: "Nothing has changed... it's the same Roseanne, right down to her unmistakable laugh."
To promote the return of the series, ABC partnered with NASCAR to sponsor the NASCAR Xfinity Series race at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California and rename it the "Roseanne 300". Branding appeared throughout the track, including the pace car, infield grass logo, and in the victory lane, with Michael Fishman serving as grand marshal.
Reception.
Critical response.
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 70% approval rating for the tenth season, based on 79 reviews, with an average rating of 6.72/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Roseanne"s return finds the show's classic format, original cast, and timely humor intact, even if the latest batch of episodes suffers from sporadically uneven execution." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 69 out of 100 based on 31 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ratings.
After one day of DVR viewing, the premiere grew by 3.4 million viewers to a total of 21.87 million, and its 18-49 rating increased by a full point to a 6.2. After three days of DVR viewing, the premiere grew by 6.7 million viewers to a total of 25.04 million, setting a three-day DVR viewership record. The 18-49 rating also grew by 2.1, rising to a 7.3, the largest three-day DVR demo increase since 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56969584" url="?curid=56969584" title="Causes of lung cancer">
Causes of lung cancer


</doc>
<doc id="56969586" url="?curid=56969586" title="Kazakhstan famine of 1932–1933">
Kazakhstan famine of 1932–1933


</doc>
<doc id="56969591" url="?curid=56969591" title="Electoral results for the district of King (South Australia)">
Electoral results for the district of King (South Australia)

This is a list of electoral results for the district of King in South Australian state elections.

</doc>
<doc id="56969593" url="?curid=56969593" title="Phidiana longicirrha">
Phidiana longicirrha


</doc>
<doc id="56969598" url="?curid=56969598" title="Utmankhel Tehsil">
Utmankhel Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969600" url="?curid=56969600" title="Susan Seydel Cofer">
Susan Seydel Cofer

Susan Seydel Cofer is a contemporary American visual artist working in colored pencil on paper.
Background.
Susan Cofer was born in Atlanta, Georgia. She earned her Bachelor of Arts from Hollins University (then Hollins College) in 1964 and completed additional courses at Georgia State University in 1970. She lives and works in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="56969605" url="?curid=56969605" title="Koltzos">
Koltzos


</doc>
<doc id="56969608" url="?curid=56969608" title="Co-Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist (Rochester, Minnesota)">
Co-Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist (Rochester, Minnesota)

The Co-Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist is a cathedral of the Catholic Church in Rochester, Minnesota, United States. It is the co-cathedral and a parish church of the Diocese of Winona-Rochester.
History.
St. John the Evangelist Parish was established by the Rev. James Morris in 1863. It is the oldest Catholic parish in Rochester. At the time of its founding, the property where the parish's buildings continue to stand was acquired. A church was completed in 1872 and dedicated by Bishop Thomas Grace of St. Paul. As the parish grew, a larger church building was completed in 1905. Three schools, a grade school, a girl's high school and a boy's high school opened in 1913. Plans for the present church were completed by New Ulm architect Edward F. Wirtz, and construction began in 1955. Local contractors completed construction two years later. The Modern structure features an exterior composed of Mankato stone and a seating capacity of 1,200. It was extensively renovated from 2001 to 2002.
On March 27, 2018, Pope Francis elevated the church to be the co-cathedral of the newly renamed Diocese of Winona-Rochester. The new designation reflects the economic growth of the city of Rochester, and the demographic changes that have occurred since the diocese was founded in 1889. Three-quarters of the diocese's population now resides between Rochester and Mankato. St. John the Evangelist Church was elevated to cathedral status at a liturgy on June 24, 2018, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="56969609" url="?curid=56969609" title="NEOKepler">
NEOKepler


</doc>
<doc id="56969614" url="?curid=56969614" title="Mayors of Winnipeg">
Mayors of Winnipeg


</doc>
<doc id="56969620" url="?curid=56969620" title="Etemad Newspaper">
Etemad Newspaper


</doc>
<doc id="56969632" url="?curid=56969632" title="Benisek v. Lamone">
Benisek v. Lamone

Benisek v. Lamone, 585 U.S. ____ (2018), and Lamone v. Benisek, 588 U.S. ____ (2019), were cases before the Supreme Court of the United States dealing with the topic of partisan gerrymandering arising from the 2011 Democratic party-favored redistricting of Maryland. At the center of the cases was Maryland's 6th district which historically favored Republicans and which was redrawn in 2011 to shift the political majority to become Democratic via vote dilution. Affected voters filed suit, stating that the redistricting violated their right of representation under Article One, Section Two of the U.S. Constitution and freedom of association of the First Amendment.
Overview.
"Benisek v. Lamone", a case challenging the denial of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland to place an injunction on the controversial redistricting maps for the upcoming 2018 elections, was heard during the 2017–2018 term following the court's decision in "Gill v. Whitford". The court, in a "per curiam" decision, affirmed the District Court's ruling, and remanded the case for further hearings to take "Gill" into consideration. The District Court later ruled that the maps represented unconstitutional partisan gerrymandering and ordered new maps to be drawn. The state challenged this in "Lamone v. Benisek", which the Supreme Court heard in the 2018–2019 term alongside "Rucho v. Common Cause", a partisan redistricting case from North Carolina. The Supreme Court ruled in both "Lamone" and "Rucho" by a 5–4 majority that questions of partisan gerrymandering represent nonjusticiable political questions and remanded each case back to its district court with instructions to dismiss the case.
Background.
In the United States, the number of representatives for each state in the House of Representatives is based on that state's population. Population counts are derived from the results of the United States Census, which is conducted every ten years. Because population figures are updated following each new census, redistricting, or changing the boundaries of the state's districts, may be required to conform with changes in population. Redistricting is typically done by representatives of the political party in power within the state and can result in the practice of gerrymandering, creating oddly-shaped districts that favor one party's or group's chances of election. The Supreme Court has ruled that gerrymandering based on racial and ethnic grounds is unconstitutional and has stated that partisan gerrymandering is also likely unconstitutional, but has yet to develop a valid means to determine when partisan gerrymandering has occurred.
Maryland redistricting.
For the 2010 Census, the Census Bureau recommended that states count incarcerated prisoners as living in the location of their group quarters, rather than at their home location. Within Maryland, most prisoners are African-American, and the largest prisoner populations were located in the state's 4th and 6th districts, which are otherwise predominantly populated by Caucasians. Because prisoners do not have the right to vote but would nevertheless be counted as residents of the prisons' districts, concerns were raised of "prison-based gerrymandering", such that the districts housing the prisoners would have inflated population counts, while the home districts of the prisoners – often metropolitan areas like Baltimore – would have diminished populations. In 2010, Maryland passed a first-of-its-kind civil act, the No Representation Without Population Act, which would have prisoners counted for the decennial census within their home district.
Maryland has traditionally been a Democratic-heavy state, and according to FiveThirtyEight, non-gerrymandered or proportionally partisan districts in Maryland could range from four to six likely Democrat seats, suggesting that a proper redistricting of the state's eight districts would result in four to six districts favoring Democrats, and two to four either favoring Republicans or remaining competitive. Democratic analysts envisioned the possibility of an "8–0 map" which aspired to shut Republicans out of elections altogether; however, this may have endangered some incumbents, who rejected the proposal because they wanted to stay in office more easily. However, Democratic leaders saw the potential to create a district map that would give Democrats seven districts to the Republicans' one, or the "7–1 map". The state Democrats drew on services from the National Committee for an Effective Congress (NCEC) to determine how to create this "7–1 map". The issue was how to remap the two Republican-leaning districts, the 1st and the 6th. After reviewing options, advisers and mapmakers settled on remapping only the 6th district, because redrawing the 1st district to achieve their goal would have split the district across the Chesapeake Bay, an undesirable outcome. Ultimately, a 7–1 map favoring Democrats was implemented.
"Benisek v. Lamone".
First legal challenge.
The new redistricting was initially challenged in "Fletcher v. Lamone", a case brought by a number of African-American voters who believed that the new map diluted the strength of the African-American vote, violating the requirement of equal representation under Article One of the United States Constitution, equal protection granted by the 14th Amendment and equal voting rights from the 15th Amendment. They further challenged the No Representation Without Population Act, believing this further constituted a dilution of their vote. The case was heard by a three-judge panel at the District Court of Maryland in December 2011, and in a unanimous decision, the District Court found in favor of the state, issuing a summary judgement that asserted that the plaintiffs had not shown harm from the new district map nor from the Act. On appeal to the Supreme Court, the court issued a summary disposition that upheld the District Court's ruling.
Second legal challenge.
A separate challenge arose from other residents of the state in 2013. Aware that the District Court of Maryland had ruled that the redistricting map was not considered partisan based on "Fletcher v. Lamone", these citizens challenged the redistricting's use of "narrow ribbons and orifices" that were used to connect non-contiguous regions having a targeted population distribution in the state's 4th, 6th, 7th, and 8th districts. Of particular concern was the 6th district. Previously it had covered most of the rural northwestern part of the state along the Pennsylvania border and was a predominantly Republican district with a largely Caucasian population that had supported Representative Roscoe Bartlett for two decades. After redistricting, the 6th district still covered the western arm of the state, but now also included many of the suburban and metropolitan areas across the border from Washington D.C., thereby increasing the number of African-American voters within it. The number of registered Republicans dropped by 70,000 voters, roughly 20% of the registered voters in the district. As a result, Bartlett lost his seat to Democrat John Delaney in the 2012 elections by more than 20% of the vote. The complaint stated that because these majority Republican districts had been remapped to predominantly represent Democrats, the new district boundaries violated their rights of equal representation, the right to vote under the 14th Amendment, and the rights of association under the 1st Amendment.
The case, filed as "Benisek v. Mack", was reviewed by Judge James K. Bredar who deemed that none of the complaints brought by the plaintiffs were actionable and denied the request for a standard three-judge hearing in April 2014. Judge Bredar did find that the case represented a substantially different subset of residents than "Fletcher" and rejected the defense's argument for "res judicata". In response to the plaintiffs' arguments, Judge Bredar found that the plaintiffs did not provide an effective measure to demonstrate partisan gerrymandering as suggested by "Vieth v. Jubelirer", thereby nullifying their Article One and 14th Amendment claims, and that the affected citizens still had their rights to participate in the political process intact, thus denying any relief based on the 1st Amendment claim. The plaintiffs appealed to the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, but the appeal was summarily denied in October 2014 on the basis that their claims were insubstantial, as determined by Bredar. The plaintiffs issued a petition for writ of "certiorari" from the Supreme Court of the United States, arguing that because the District Courts are required to hear any substantial constitutional challenges to state redistricting under Section 2284 of Title 28, the Appeals Court's dismissal based on the "insubstantial" claim was inappropriate. The case, "Shapiro v. McManus", was accepted by the Supreme Court in June 2015, with oral arguments heard in November 2015 and the decision issued in December 2015. The court unanimously agreed with the petitioners that the claims presented were not insubstantial, thus clearing the bar set by "Goosby v. Osser", and ordered a full three-judge hearing of the case at the District Court; the court did not otherwise comment on the merits of the petitioners' complaints related to the redistricting.
Second hearing.
The new hearing before Circuit Judge Paul V. Niemeyer, Chief District Judge Bredar, and District Judge George Levi Russell III began in 2016. The plaintiffs had revised their case to focus specifically on the redrawn boundaries of the 6th district, which had had the greatest shift in voter demographics. While the state attempted to dismiss the case, the court denied dismissal in a 2–1 decision (with Bredar dissenting) in August 2016, allowing the case to move into the discovery phase. Both sides sought to expedite the case through summary judgments in mid-2017. In June 2017, however, the Supreme Court announced that they would be hearing the "Gill v. Whitford" case later that year. The plaintiffs in "Benisek", in anticipation of the upcoming 2018 elections, requested that the District Court issue an injunction preventing the state of Maryland from using the 2011 redistricting maps, as the state was seeking a stay of proceedings for the case until "Gill v. Whitford" was concluded. The District Court denied the plaintiffs' request and issued a stay on the case in August 2017, pending the conclusion of "Gill v. Whitford".
Supreme Court.
Seeking an expedited ruling, the plaintiffs filed a request for a jurisdictional statement to the Supreme Court on September 1, 2017, to reverse the District Court's denial of summary judgement and injunctions and placing the case on hold. While the Supreme Court declined to reverse the District Court's orders, the court did agree to hear the case on its merits on December 8, 2017.
Oral arguments were heard on March 28, 2018. In contrast to "Gill v. Whitford", the justices seemed to indicate that the redistricting of Maryland's 6th district was a much more aggressive partisan gerrymandering than that in Wisconsin, but still debated whether they had a proper measure to evaluate partisan division, whether the court should be involved in that decision, and whether such matters are to be regulated through federal or state legislation.
The Court issued its "per curiam" decision affirming the Appeals' Court ruling on June 18, 2018, the same day that the "Gill" decision was announced. In the decision, the court did not address the merits of the gerrymandering case, but instead found that the Appeals Court, in denying the issuing of an injunction on the use of the redistricting maps, had not engaged in an "abuse of discretion", given both the pending legal challenge of "Gill" and the need for "due regard for the public interest in orderly elections". The decision further argued that the plaintiffs had waited too long from the time that the redistricting maps were certified to file their case.
"Lamone v. Benisek".
Following the "per curiam" decision and the conclusion of "Gill v. Whitford", the District Court rescheduled hearings on the case on October 4, 2018. The District Court subsequently ruled on November 7, 2018, finding for summary judgement in the plaintiffs' favor that the revised boundaries of the 6th district were unconstitutional, and required the state to redraw its district maps in a more neutral manner by March 7, 2019, with the new maps to be approved by the court; otherwise, the court would assign an independent three-member commission to oversee the redistricting, ensuring that new maps would be available prior to the 2020 election. State governor Larry Hogan, a Republican, had stated his intent to let the ruling stand and engage with the state's general assembly to pursue redistricting, but the attorney general Brian Frosh, a Democrat, stated his intention to appeal the District Court ruling, potentially directly to the United States Supreme Court. Frosh also sought a stay of the District Court's redistricting order while the matter of appeal was under discussion.
Supreme Court.
Frosh petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the new challenge of whether the District Court could make its summary judgement, and the court agreed in early January 2019 to hear the case. This new case was heard as "Lamone v. Benisek" (Docket 18-726) alongside "Rucho v. Common Cause", another partisan gerrymandering case from North Carolina. The case was decided on June 27, 2019; a 5–4 majority determined that claims of partisan gerrymandering present a nonjusticiable political question that could not be handled by the federal court system. Along with "Rucho", the Supreme Court vacated the District Court's judgement and remanded the case to that court, effectively leaving the existing redistricting maps in place.

</doc>
<doc id="56969633" url="?curid=56969633" title="Andrea Denver">
Andrea Denver

Andrea Salerno (born May 3, 1991), known professionally as Andrea Denver, is an Italian fashion model based in New York City, United States. He is signed to Wilhelmina Miami, Wilhelmina Los Angeles and Soul Management Artist New York.
Denver has a degree in communication from the University of Verona. In 2014, he moved to the United States to study for a master's degree in communication. While in Miami, he was first scouted and signed by Wilhelmina Models. He garnered attention after featuring in Jennifer Lopez's "I Luh Ya Papi" and Taylor Swift's "Blank Space", and following rumors of a relationship with pop singer Madonna.
In September 2019 he appeared in the British Television series "The Circle" on Channel 4 as a potential contestant during Episode 16.
Personal life.
Denver was born in Verona, Italy in 1991 as Andrea Salerno. He studied for a degree in Communication Science at the University of Verona, graduating in 2013. Denver is popular on social media, having over 1.3 million followers on Instagram. Between 2015–2017, he was nominated three consecutive times in "The Model of the Year Award - Social Media Star Men" on Models.com.
Modeling career.
Denver has featured in campaigns for Hugo Boss, MAC Cosmetics, Brooks Brothers, as well as Colcci. He has featured on the covers and editorials of numerous magazines including "Men's Health Serbia", "Lui", "L'Officiel Hommes", "FourTwoNine", "Paper", "Risbel", "Jon magazine", "Adon magazine", "Velvet", and "Lewis Magazine", among others. He has runway modeled for brands including Ralph Lauren and 2xist. He has also worked with notable fashion industry photographers including Collier Schorr, Craig McDean, Rick Day, Arnaldo Anaya-Lucca, Yuri Catania and Brent Chua.
Denver was featured in the music video for Jennifer Lopez's "I Luh Ya Papi", as well as featuring alongside fellow model Sean O'Pry, in the music video for Taylor Swift's "Blank Space".

</doc>
<doc id="56969635" url="?curid=56969635" title="Theodor Gartner">
Theodor Gartner

Theodor Gartner (November 4, 1843 — April 29, 1925) was an Austrian linguist, Romance philologist and professor.
He is also known for his study of the Ukrainian language and as a co-author (with Stepan Smal-Stotsky) of the monograph and textbook on the grammar of the Ukrainian language.

</doc>
<doc id="56969643" url="?curid=56969643" title="Superior courts at Westminster">
Superior courts at Westminster


</doc>
<doc id="56969648" url="?curid=56969648" title="William Trego">
William Trego


</doc>
<doc id="56969674" url="?curid=56969674" title="Ambar Utmankhel Subdivision">
Ambar Utmankhel Subdivision

Ambar Utmankhel is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 62,109 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969677" url="?curid=56969677" title="Kellie-Marie Gibson">
Kellie-Marie Gibson


</doc>
<doc id="56969681" url="?curid=56969681" title="Kellie Marie Gibson">
Kellie Marie Gibson


</doc>
<doc id="56969684" url="?curid=56969684" title="Halim Zai Subdivision">
Halim Zai Subdivision

Halim Zai Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 78,749 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969692" url="?curid=56969692" title="Halimzai Tehsil">
Halimzai Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969693" url="?curid=56969693" title="Criticism of trade secret regulations">
Criticism of trade secret regulations


</doc>
<doc id="56969695" url="?curid=56969695" title="Pindiali Subdivision">
Pindiali Subdivision

Pindiali Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 88,363 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969698" url="?curid=56969698" title="Prang Ghar Subdivision">
Prang Ghar Subdivision

Ghar Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It's about 70 km from Peshawar. The population is 35,290 according to the 2017 census.
The region is divided into two parts: Upper Prang Ghar, where people belong to Umar khel (Sub tribe of Utmankhel), and Lower Prang Ghar, where people belong to shahdad kor, denikhel and miagan. There are three small dams which are used for agricultural purposes and for fishing. The Mohmand dam is also located in Prang Ghar. The swat river separates Prang Ghar from other tehsil of district mohmand. There are many famous shrine of sufi named yousaf baba located in the green hills of upper Prang Ghar and isa baba in ziarat lower prang ghar. Most of the people are former or overseas and some are government servants.
Geography.
The land is mostly hilly and sandy. Which is very suitable for the agricultural of tomatoes and onions. Most of the land is barani and some is under tubewill or watering through dams.kohi hindukush starts from prang ghar and goes up to dir and chitral. The hills are very enriched of minerals like nephrite, chromite, and marble.
Education.
There is one higher secondary school and there are three high schools for both boys and girls.
Villages.
There are three village and one NC.
Additional information.
Among the schemes completed in Prang Ghar is the Moto Shah dam. With a 25 square kilometre catchment area, the dam has the ability to usher in an agricultural revolution in the mountainous tribal area.
In his briefing to Mohmand Agency Political Agent Waqar Ali, project engineer Tariq Khan said the dam was completed over a period of two years at the cost of Rs191 million. He said irrigation channels measuring about 70 kilometres have been created for between 550 and 600 acres of land thanks to the dam.Besides Moto Shah, the Khursheed dam has also been made in the same tehsil of Mohmand Agency. Apart from its practical use, the dam has caused water levels to rise, adding greenery to the mountainous landscape.
Local malik Dost Muhammad said Prang Ghar was famous for its poppy cultivation in the past as the only source of irrigation was rainwater. During the rainy season, locals had little option but to cultivate poppy as the crop grew easily.
However, the dam has increased their scope and farmers are even able to grow off-season crops and vegetable on their land. Muhammad urged the government to carry out more such development schemes to ensure further progress in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="56969700" url="?curid=56969700" title="Safi Subdivision">
Safi Subdivision

Safi Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 99,114 according to the 2017 census.
In 2020 a landslide at a marble mine have been killed at least 19 people and more than 20 people were also injured.

</doc>
<doc id="56969705" url="?curid=56969705" title="Laura Schiff Bean">
Laura Schiff Bean

Laura Schiff Bean, born in New York state, is a contemporary visual artist. Prior to becoming a career artist, she earned a degree in psychology from George Washington University and then worked in print advertising in Boston, MA. Laura Schiff Bean went on to get her Masters in Fine Arts (MFA) from School of the Museum of Fine Arts at Tufts. Her inspiration is derived from artists such as Lucien Freud, Jenny Saville, and Jim Dine.
Bean is known "for her dress 'portraits' painted with many layers of thick dripping paint." She tries to imbue the paintings with a sense of the wearer.

</doc>
<doc id="56969706" url="?curid=56969706" title="Upper Mohmand Subdivision">
Upper Mohmand Subdivision

Upper Mohmand Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 51,068 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969708" url="?curid=56969708" title="Victoria and George Cross Association">
Victoria and George Cross Association


</doc>
<doc id="56969709" url="?curid=56969709" title="Yake Ghund Subdivision">
Yake Ghund Subdivision

Ekka Ghund Subdivision is a subdivision located in Mohmand District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 52,291 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969711" url="?curid=56969711" title="Crimes against women in Iraq">
Crimes against women in Iraq


</doc>
<doc id="56969713" url="?curid=56969713" title="Jarod Joseph">
Jarod Joseph

Jarod Joseph (born October 9, 1985) is a Canadian actor who has had roles as Nathan Miller in "The 100", Nicholas Fleming in "Rogue" and Wilson Corvo in "Mistresses".
Biography.
Jarod Joseph grew up in Calgary and was initially interested in sports. Jarod considered taking on basketball or hockey, but abandoned these goals as he felt the need to focus on his grades instead. At the suggestion of a friend, Jarod decided to pursue acting and drove out to Vancouver to look for jobs. He eventually auditioned for a role in "". Though the role was small, it was a major motion picture and it was enough to interest him in continuing a career.
Immediately afterwards, Jarod found himself thrown into television roles over the next several years. He was cast as Detective Nicholas Fleming in "Rogue" a role that made him nervous as it was his first time as a regular. "My first day on the job was actually a week-and-a-half after most of the cast and crew had already begun working together. There was an established dynamic and rapport that I wasn’t privy to, so I was a little worried about blending in with everyone and doing my thing." While filming "Rogue", Jarod began working in recurring roles as Gus / Billy in "Once Upon a Time" and FBI Agent Tim in "Fringe" and made guest roles in "Arrow," "Motive, V," Showcase’s "Endgame" and AMC’s "The Killing".
Jarod was cast as Nathan Miller in The CW TV series "The 100" of which he is a major recurring character.

</doc>
<doc id="56969714" url="?curid=56969714" title="Soph Conway">
Soph Conway


</doc>
<doc id="56969719" url="?curid=56969719" title="Parish of Blackwood">
Parish of Blackwood

The Parish of Blackwood is a remote civil parish of Poole County in far North West New South Wales,
Geography.
The geography is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The nearest town is Tibooburra to the south east, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.
The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert). The County is barely inhabited with a population density of less than 1 person per 150 km² and the landscape is a flat arid scrubland.
History.
Charles Sturt camped at nearby Preservation Creek (Mount Poole) for six months during 1845, and in 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed to the east, through what is now the Pindera Aboriginal Area.
Gold was discovered nearby in the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="56969721" url="?curid=56969721" title="Violence against women in Chile">
Violence against women in Chile


</doc>
<doc id="56969723" url="?curid=56969723" title="Affecter">
Affecter


</doc>
<doc id="56969726" url="?curid=56969726" title="Susan Cofer">
Susan Cofer


</doc>
<doc id="56969730" url="?curid=56969730" title="Crimes against women in Iran">
Crimes against women in Iran


</doc>
<doc id="56969731" url="?curid=56969731" title="Pringhar Tehsil">
Pringhar Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969733" url="?curid=56969733" title="Violence against women in Iran">
Violence against women in Iran


</doc>
<doc id="56969734" url="?curid=56969734" title="Lugal-irra and Meslamta-ea">
Lugal-irra and Meslamta-ea

In ancient Mesopotamian religion, Lugal-irra and Meslamta-ea are a set of twin gods who were worshipped in the village of Kisiga, located in northern Babylonia. They were regarded as guardians of doorways and they may have originally been envisioned as a set of twins guarding the gates of the Underworld, who chopped the dead into pieces as they passed through the gates. During the Neo-Assyrian period, small depictions of them would be buried at entrances, with Lugal-irra always on the left and Meslamta-ea always on the right. They are identical and are shown wearing horned caps and each holding an axe and a mace. They are identified with the constellation Gemini, which is named after them.

</doc>
<doc id="56969741" url="?curid=56969741" title="Parish of Tindara">
Parish of Tindara

The Parish of Tindara is a remote civil parish of Poole County in far North West New South Wales.
Geography.
The Geography, of Sturt is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The nearest town is Tibooburra to the south east, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.
History.
Charles Sturt camped at nearby Preservation Creek (Mount Poole) for six months during 1845, and in 1861 the Burke and Wills expedition passed to the east, through what is now the Pindera Aboriginal Area, on the far side of Sturt National Park.
Gold was discovered nearby in the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="56969745" url="?curid=56969745" title="Thomas Walsh J.P. (Trade Unionist)">
Thomas Walsh J.P. (Trade Unionist)


</doc>
<doc id="56969756" url="?curid=56969756" title="Parish of Yarraba">
Parish of Yarraba

The Parish of Yarraba is a remote civil parish of Poole County in far North West New South Wales.
The Geography, of Sturt is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The nearest town is Tibooburra to the east, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56969757" url="?curid=56969757" title="Gelson Dany Batalha Martins">
Gelson Dany Batalha Martins


</doc>
<doc id="56969762" url="?curid=56969762" title="Violence against women in developing countries">
Violence against women in developing countries


</doc>
<doc id="56969766" url="?curid=56969766" title="Violence against women in the Quran">
Violence against women in the Quran


</doc>
<doc id="56969768" url="?curid=56969768" title="Jamrud Subdivision">
Jamrud Subdivision

Jamrud Subdivision is a subdivision located in Khyber District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 228,001 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969771" url="?curid=56969771" title="Sabrina Traub">
Sabrina Traub


</doc>
<doc id="56969775" url="?curid=56969775" title="Violence against women in Trinidad and Tobago">
Violence against women in Trinidad and Tobago


</doc>
<doc id="56969777" url="?curid=56969777" title="Haracine">
Haracine


</doc>
<doc id="56969778" url="?curid=56969778" title="List of Brown Bears in the NFL Draft">
List of Brown Bears in the NFL Draft

This is a list of Brown Bears football players in the NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56969783" url="?curid=56969783" title="Violence against women in Egypt">
Violence against women in Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="56969785" url="?curid=56969785" title="Violence against women in Hong Kong">
Violence against women in Hong Kong


</doc>
<doc id="56969792" url="?curid=56969792" title="Landi Kotal Subdivision">
Landi Kotal Subdivision

Landi Kotal is a subdivision located in Khyber District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 274,409 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56969797" url="?curid=56969797" title="Violence against Muslim women in Canada">
Violence against Muslim women in Canada


</doc>
<doc id="56969799" url="?curid=56969799" title="Mula Gori Subdivision">
Mula Gori Subdivision

Mula Gori Subdivision is a subdivision located in Khyber District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is located among the Tatara hills. The population is 180,160 according to the 2017 census. The population mostly belongs to the Mulagori tribe of the Pashtuns.

</doc>
<doc id="56969804" url="?curid=56969804" title="Mula Ghori Tehsil">
Mula Ghori Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969805" url="?curid=56969805" title="Violence against women in Papua New Guinea">
Violence against women in Papua New Guinea


</doc>
<doc id="56969808" url="?curid=56969808" title="Violence against women in Bulgaria">
Violence against women in Bulgaria


</doc>
<doc id="56969813" url="?curid=56969813" title="1896 United States presidential election in Missouri">
1896 United States presidential election in Missouri

The 1896 United States presidential election in Missouri took place on November 3, 1896. All contemporary 45 states were part of the 1896 United States presidential election. Voters chose 17 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Missouri was won by the Democratic nominees, former U.S. Representative William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska and his running mate Arthur Sewall of Maine. Four electors cast their Vice Presidential ballots for Thomas E. Watson. Unlike in the more easterly border states, Bryan’s “free silver” platform had very substantial appeal in the Unionist but highly populist Ozark “Bible Belt”. This was seen in that Missouri had in Richard P. Bland that earliest advocate of that monetary policy in Congress, and that only one vote had been cast in 1893 in Missouri against free silver, and that in St. Louis. Although all but one of Missouri’s pro-silver members had reversed course by the time of the presidential election, the state was still hit much more that the Old Northwest and upper Mississippi Valley by farmers’ debts from falling prices and crop failures since 1887. Despite opposition by the "St. Louis Globe-Democrat" to Bryan’s free silver policies, Bryan gained strongly via capture of James B. Weaver’s support base from the 1892 and 1880 elections in the strongly Baptist southwest, which was enough to counter Catholic defections from Grover Cleveland in St. Louis and surrounds.
This is the only election where Douglas County voted for a Democratic presidential candidate. Bryan was also the first Democrat since James Buchanan in 1856 to carry Dade, Dallas, Jasper, Lawrence, Polk and Wright Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="56969814" url="?curid=56969814" title="Mathias Broothaerts">
Mathias Broothaerts

Mathias Broothaerts is a Belgian athletics competitor who competes primarily in the long jump, Broothaerts has also competed professionally in the 100 metres and 4 x 100 metres relay the last time being in 2013.
Career.
Broothaerts began his career in 2010 during the Youth Olympics first in the 100 metre and later in the long jump. He did not qualify for the 100 meter final and finished in 7th in the long jump. In 2012, at the Belgian Athletics Championships, his first time at the event he finished in 2nd in long jump earning himself a silver medal. Broothaerts competed in the Belgian indoor and outdoor championships in 2012 finishing 2nd and 3rd respectively.
In 2014 after strong showings at domestic and international competition Broothaerts qualified for the 2014 European Athletics Championships however he finished in 25th and was eliminated from competition. However after the competition Broothaerts thanked his fans for the support and vowed he would return better.

</doc>
<doc id="56969821" url="?curid=56969821" title="MUDC">
MUDC


</doc>
<doc id="56969822" url="?curid=56969822" title="Manhattan El">
Manhattan El


</doc>
<doc id="56969824" url="?curid=56969824" title="Bobby Lester">
Bobby Lester


</doc>
<doc id="56969828" url="?curid=56969828" title="Central Kurram Subdivision">
Central Kurram Subdivision

Central Kurram Subdivision is a subdivision located in Kurram District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 229,356 according to the 2017 census.
History.
Central Kurram was previously known as F.R. Kurram until it was renamed in 2004.
Demographics.
Unlike Upper and Lower Kurram, Central Kurram is inhabited by Sunni tribes.

</doc>
<doc id="56969829" url="?curid=56969829" title="History of women in Quebec">
History of women in Quebec


</doc>
<doc id="56969835" url="?curid=56969835" title="Kurram F.R.">
Kurram F.R.


</doc>
<doc id="56969839" url="?curid=56969839" title="Kurram F.R. Tehsil">
Kurram F.R. Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969841" url="?curid=56969841" title="Violence against women in Canada">
Violence against women in Canada


</doc>
<doc id="56969844" url="?curid=56969844" title="Central Kurram F.R. Tehsil">
Central Kurram F.R. Tehsil


</doc>
<doc id="56969848" url="?curid=56969848" title="Guido Leo John Christmas Møller">
Guido Leo John Christmas Møller


</doc>
<doc id="56969852" url="?curid=56969852" title="Tomrair">
Tomrair

Tomrair (died 848) was a ninth-century Viking active in Ireland. He is one of the first Vikings recorded by Irish sources. Tomrair is reported to have been killed at the Battle of Sciath Nechtain, a conflict in which twelve hundred Vikings were slain, battling the combined forces of Ólchobar mac Cináeda, King of Munster and Lorcán mac Cellaig, King of Leinster, in 848.
Surviving accounts of Tomrair's demise accord him the Gaelic title ', making him the first earl noted by Irish sources. In fact, ' is the first Nordic loanword on record. Tomrair is also described as the ' of ', which could mean that he was either an heir or deputy to the King of '. The accounts of Tomrair's final fall are the earliest annalistic references to the office of '. The precise identity of the King of "", or even location of "Laithlind" itself, is uncertain.
The context of Tomrair's fall is likewise uncertain. The year after his death, the King of ' is reported to have sent a force of Vikings to contend with Vikings already settled in Ireland. In the years immediately after this, a group of Vikings called ' are noted to have battled another group called '. Afterwards in 853, a certain Amlaíb, described as the son of the King of ' is stated to have won the submission of the Vikings in Ireland, and to have gained tribute from the Irish. It is uncertain if the Vikings of ' are to identical to the ' or ". In the years that followed, three Vikings appear to have shared the kingship of Dublin: Amlaíb, Ímar, and Auisle. These men could well have been related to each other, and there is reason to suspect that Tomrair was yet another relation as well.
The year of Tomrair's death is remarkable in the fact that the Irish won several battles against the Vikings. Tomrair's eminent standing as a Viking " could indicate that it was his defeat and death that is referred to by a Frankish annal in 848. It is possible that a hoard of Carolingian coins, unearthed at Mullaghboden in the nineteenth century, may have been deposited in the context of Tomrair's defeat. These coins appear to have been looted from Aquitaine only a few years before by Vikings from Vestfold.
Tomrair may be associated with the "ring of Tomar", an object that was looted from Dublin in 994, along with the "sword of Carlus". These objects appear to have formed part of the royal insignia of Dublin, and may have been symbols of the Uí Ímair dynasty descended from Ímar. At about the same time that the ring appears on record, the Dubliners are described in Irish poetry as the "race of Tomar" and "Tomar's nobles". If these designations are not references to Þór, a Nordic deity, they may refer to Tomrair.
Attestations and death.
Tomrair died in 848. His death is reported by the eleventh–fourteenth-century "Annals of Inisfallen", the seventeenth-century "Annals of the Four Masters", the fifteenth–sixteenth-century "Annals of Ulster", and the twelfth-century "Chronicon Scotorum". These accounts reveal that Tomrair—accorded the title of earl, and described as "" of "Laithlind"—fell with twelve hundred Vikings at the Battle of Sciath Nechtain, a conflict evidently fought at Skenagun in the parish of Castledermot. Tomrair's troops were pitted against the combined forces of two of the most powerful provincial kings of Ireland: Ólchobar mac Cináeda, King of Munster (died 851) and Lorcán mac Cellaig, King of Leinster (fl. 848).
The King of "Laithlind" may be identical to the King of the Foreigners attested by the Irish annals in the following year. According to various annalistic accounts, the said king sent a fleet of one hundred and forty ships overseas to contend with Vikings already settled in Ireland. In 851, a contingent of ' are stated to have arrived in Dublin, where they defeated the ' before overcoming them again at Linn Duachaill. The year after that, the ' are again reported to have crushed the ', this time at Carlingford Lough. In 853, Amlaíb (fl. ), the son of the King of ', is reported to have arrived and Ireland, where the Vikings are stated to have submitted to him, and the Irish are reported to have rendered him tribute. Although the annal-entries that report this event are the first specific notices of Amlaíb by name, he may well have commanded the Vikings of ' in the earlier attested conflicts.
Context.
Familial relations and rank.
Thereafter, Dublin was evidently ruled by three kings: Amlaíb, Ímar (died 973), and Auisle (died 867). There is reason to suspect that the three were brothers. The eleventh-century "Fragmentary Annals of Ireland" certainly claims that the three were brothers, and specifically identifies the father of Amlaíb and Ímar as a man named Gofraid.
The fact that several of Ímar's apparent descendants—the Uí Ímair—repeatedly bore forms of the personal names "Albdann", "Amlaíb", "Auisle", and "Ímar", could further be evidence of shared kinship. If Ímar is identical to Ingware (died 869/870?)—a like-named leader of the Viking Great Army in Anglo-Saxon England—other brothers may include Albdann (died 877), and an unidentified Viking commander slain against the West Saxons in 878. The latter two are certainly described as Ingware's brothers by the ninth- to twelfth-century "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle".
Another brother could have been Tomrair himself. In any case, Tomrair could have been a member of the royal family of ', and specifically related to Amlaíb. The "Fragmentary Annals of Ireland" assigns Ímar the following pedigree: "'". Although this pedigree may not be accurate, Gofraid, the alleged father of Amlaíb and Ímar, may well have been an historical figure. This man could be identical to the like-named King of ' whose death is recorded by the "Fragmentary Annals of Ireland". Although the identity of King of ' is nevertheless uncertain, it is clear that Tomrair was himself a very important man. He is one of the earliest Vikings named by Irish sources.
The earliest instance of the Gaelic title ' (later ') is the account of Tomrair's demise reported by the "Annals of Ulster". The term itself, meaning "earl", is derived from the Old Norse "", and is the first Nordic loanword on record in Old Irish. The Scandinavian title of "jarl" referred to a king's subordinate or deputy, a man who held some form of vice-regal authority over a particular region.
The historical accounts of Tomrair are the earliest annalistic references to the office of "". The precise meaning of this Gaelic title—forms of which are accorded to Tomrair by the "Annals of the Four Masters", the "Annals of Ulster", the "Chronicle of Ireland", and "Chronicon Scotorum"—is uncertain. One possibility is that it means "awaited one of a king", "heir", "heir designate", "heir-designate", "designated successor", "heir apparent". "heir-apparent of a king", "king designate", or "royal heir". Another possibility is that it means "deputy", "military second-in-command", "representative", "second in command to a king", "second in rank or power", "second of a king", or "second to a king".
', and the identity of the ' and "".
The record of Tomrair's demise is the first notice of the term ' utilised by the Irish annals. The location of the ninth-century ' is uncertain. One possibility is that forms of the word refer to a Viking-controlled region of Scotland, the Northern Isles, the Western Isles, and the Isle of Man. Another possibility is that the term refers to Norway, or else a region within Norway. In later centuries, forms of the term ' came to be replaced by forms of "Lochlainn". It is unknown if the two terms originally had different meanings or if they were merely conflated. Whatever its true location, the fact that Tomrair is assigned the title ' of ', coupled with the fact that Amlaíb is identified as the son of the King of ', seems to suggest that "" was regarded as a well-defined kingdom as opposed to an obscure region.
The annal-entries of 848–853 can be interpreted in a variety of ways. On one hand, the accounts may be evidence that the Vikings from ' were the earliest Vikings in Ireland, and that these people reasserted themselves in Ireland after a temporary takeover by the '. If correct, Tomrair's demise in 848 may well have been seized upon by the ' early in the 850s, which in turn precipitated a retaliatory response from the King of ' in the form of an 853 invasion to restore hegemony in Ireland. On the other hand, the annal-entries could instead indicate that the ' and the Vikings from ' are identical, and that this group of incomers overcame Vikings previously established in Ireland. In either case, it is possible that the terms ' and ' refer to the order of arrival. As such, the terminology attributed to one group of Vikings—the '—may have been a way of distinguishing an incoming group of Vikings from an earlier-established group—the '.
The specific meanings behind the Gaelic terms ' and ' are uncertain. Literally, the former translates as "Dark Foreigners", whilst the latter translates as "Fair Foreigners". Whilst it is possible that the ninth-century forms of these terms refer to separate ethnicities or cultural groups—such as Danes and Norwegians respectively—the terms may instead refer to political power blocs specific to Britain and Ireland. For example, there is reason to suspect that the term ' merely denotes Vikings under the leadership of the associates and descendants of Ímar, whilst the term ' refers to an older order of Vikings active in Ireland before the '. Although it is possible that Amlaíb and Ímar were related, an alternate possibility is that the men merely came to an accommodation with each other as opposing representatives of the ' and '. As such, it is conceivable that Ímar represented the ', whilst Amlaíb represented the '. If correct, Amlaíb's dramatic arrival in Ireland, following the temporary intrusion by the ', would seem to have resulted in a period of reconciliation between both parties.
If the accounts of Tomrair, Amlaíb, and the Vikings of ' refer to royal Norwegian intervention in Ireland, it is conceivable that had Tomrair held authority in Dublin, and that the King of ' moved to regain control of the region after his demise. The subsequent actions of the Vikings of ' may have been undertaken in the specific context of recovering control of an important node in their trade network. As such, there is reason to suspect that Viking trading centres such as Dublin were founded by powers in Scandinavia, as opposed to enterprising independent Vikings oversea. The conflict between the ' and "" could be evidence of competition to control such trade nodes in the region. Such conflict between competing Danish and Norwegian interests in the Irish Sea region could also represent an early phase in the eventual consolidation of royal power in Norway.
The "ring of Tomar".
In time, the Uí Ímair possessed royal power in the Irish Sea region for centuries. There is reason to suspect that this dynasty reinforced its right to rule by way of royal insignia specifically recorded by the Irish annals. For example, when Dublin was invaded by Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill, King of Mide (died 1022) in 994, the seventeenth-century "Annals of Clonmacnoise", the "Annals of the Four Masters", the fourteenth-century "Annals of Tigernach", and "Chronicon Scotorum", report that the Irish seized from the Dubliners the "sword of Carlus" and the "ring of Tomar". In 1029, when Mathgamain ua Riagáin is reported to have taken hostage Amlaíb, son of Sitriuc mac Amlaíb, King of Dublin, Mathgamain exacted a remarkable ransom that included the "sword of Carlus". The sword is last noted in 1058, when it was reported in the possession of Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó (died 1072), a man otherwise known to have brought both Dublin and the Isle of Man under his authority by 1060.
The various accounts of the sword and ring reveal that the objects were powerful ceremonial symbols, and important parts of Dublin's royal regalia. Swords and hammers are depicted upon some Anglo-Scandinavian coins. One possibility is that these symbols are identical to the "ring of Tomar" and "sword of Carlus", and are thus symbols of the Uí Ímair. The identities of Carlus and Tomar are nevertheless uncertain. The Gaelic ' may be a form of the Old Norse ', the name of a divine figure in Nordic mythology. The former is also a variant of the personal name "Tomrair", which is in turn a Gaelicised form of the Old Norse personal name "", a name itself derived from "Þór".
On one hand, the Tomar of the ring may be the god Þór. It is possible that the eponym of the ring is identical to that of Caill Tomair ("The Wood of Tomar"), a forest seemingly situated north of Dublin, attested in the late tenth century by the "Annals of Inisfallen", the "Annals of Tigernach", the twelfth-century "Cogad Gáedel re Gallaib", and "Chronicon Scotorum". The wood has been specifically associated with Þór, and regarded to have been a place of pagan significance in Viking Age Ireland. If the ring was indeed a reference to a heathen cult object, the fact that only the sword is attested in the tenth century could indicate that an association between the dynasty and a pagan item was undesirable.
If the ring does not specifically refer to a pagan god, it could well refer to Tomrair himself. Although Irish sources reveal that at least three later Vikings bore the same name, Tomrair was clearly the most eminent of these individuals. Certain notices by the "Annals of the Four Masters" and the twelfth-century "Lebor na Cert"—specifically fragments of poetry coeval with the records of the sword and ring—respectively describe the Dubliners as the "race of Tomar" and "Tomar's nobles". If these specific instances do not refer to the pagan deity, it is possible that they refer to Tomrair himself, and reveal that his memory was held in high esteem by the ruling dynasty of Dublin.
The eponym behind the "sword of Carlus" is likewise uncertain. One possibility is that the name refers to the Frankish emperor Charlemagne. Another possibility is that Carlus is identical to Carlus mac Cuinn meic Donnchada (died 960). Not only does this man appear to have been the grandson of a High King of Ireland, but he was also slain in Dublin. However, there may be a more likely candidate. Ímar's associate, Amlaíb, is known to have had two sons: one was Carlus, a man slain in 868; another was Oistin, a man slain by the "" commander Albdann, in 875. The latter Carlus could well be the eponym behind the "sword of Carlus". As such, Tomrair's certain connection with this man's father could be evidence that Tomrair is indeed the eponym behind the "ring of Tomar".
Epilogue.
Irish sources report that the Vikings suffered several remarkable defeats to the Irish in 848. For example, the record of a victory by Máel Sechnaill mac Máele Ruanaid, with seven hundred Viking dead; the notice of Tomrair's defeat against Ólchobar and Lorcán, with twelve hundred Viking dead; the record of a victory by Tigernach mac Fócartai, with another twelve hundred (or twelve score) Vikings slain; and the record of Vikings defeated by the Eóganacht Chaisil, with five hundred Vikings killed.
News of Irish successes are known to have reached the Frankish court in the following year, as the ninth-century "Annales Bertiniani" states that the Irish won a great victory against the Vikings, driving them out of their lands, and that the Irish sent an envoy to Charles II, King of the Franks (died 877), in an effort to negotiate an alliance and treaty with the Franks. Although any of the Irish victories of 848 could have inspired a Frankish chronicler to make note of the island, it could well have been Tomrair's eminent status—and his ultimate destruction—that was the true catalyst for this overseas annal-entry. In any case, there is a drastic decline in reported Viking attacks in Ireland after the 840s, and it is evident that the era of ninth-century massed Viking incursions was over for the Irish. By the 860s and 870s, however, the Vikings had turned their attention towards Anglo-Saxon England.
In 1871, a Viking Age hoard of at least eleven Carolingian coins was uncovered at Mullaghboden, near Ballymore Eustace. The hoard appears to have been originally deposited as early as about 847. This could mean that it was hidden by Vikings fleeing the Battle of Sciath Nechtain in 848. The hoard itself appears to have been composed of coins looted from Aquitaine only a few years previous, a haul possibly pillaged by the Viking fleet of "" contemporaneously attested by the ninth–eleventh-century "Annales Engolismenses". This force was evidently composed of men from Vestfold, a region of eastern Norway evidently under Danish overlordship during the ninth century.

</doc>
<doc id="56969853" url="?curid=56969853" title="Dr. Prosanta Chakrabarty">
Dr. Prosanta Chakrabarty


</doc>
<doc id="56969855" url="?curid=56969855" title="Lower Kurram Subdivision">
Lower Kurram Subdivision

Lower Kurram Subdivision is a subdivision located in Kurram District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 136,719 according to the 2017 census.
History.
In March 2017, two people were killed in a US drone strike in the Sara Khwa area of Lower Kurram. This was the first drone strike in Pakistan under the administration of United States President Donald Trump.

</doc>
<doc id="56969865" url="?curid=56969865" title="Upper Kurram Subdivision">
Upper Kurram Subdivision

Upper Kurram Subdivision is a subdivision located in Kurram District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 253,478 according to the 2017 census.
History.
In 2014, Upper Kurram's Assistant Political Agent Maqsood Hassan was arrested by the National Accountability Bureau on corruption charges.
In November 2017, a US drone strike was carried out on a house in Ghozgarhy, Upper Kurram. This action was condemned by the Foreign Office. Four people were killed in this strike.
Demographics.
Upper Kurram is predominantly Shiite.

</doc>
<doc id="56969867" url="?curid=56969867" title="Tawan Tud Burapa">
Tawan Tud Burapa


</doc>
<doc id="56969870" url="?curid=56969870" title="Gender inequality in Germany">
Gender inequality in Germany


</doc>
<doc id="56969874" url="?curid=56969874" title="Queen Dugu">
Queen Dugu


</doc>
<doc id="56969883" url="?curid=56969883" title="Ro(c)k Podvraťáků (video game)">
Ro(c)k Podvraťáků (video game)

Ro(c)k Podvraťáků is a 2006 Czech video game by Centauri Production, based on the film of the same name.
Production.
While in the Western world it was common to have video game tie-ins to a film, this was the first time this trend was followed in the domestic Czech market. The development team had some input from the filmmakers, in terms of ensuring the enemies are the same in both mediums.
Plot and gameplay.
The game narrative revolves around a group of four guys called "Podvržáci" who form a rock band. In order to climb the charts, they get involved with the mafia. When things go wrong, they need to fix the damage they've caused.
The gameplay mainly consists of driving and shooting mechanics.
Critical reception.
The game has received largely negative reviews. The average rating in Czech media is 32%.
Hrej.cz panned all aspects of the game, including its concept, graphics, physical engine, and music. Bonusweb.cz praised the voice acting and musical accompaniments. Sector.sk wrote that the game was "torturous commercial shit, accompanying perhaps a similarly wretched movie". Tiscali.cz found themselves asking whether the developers had made the game in earnest or if they had deliberately made a bad game for comic effect.

</doc>
<doc id="56969890" url="?curid=56969890" title="Choice Microfinance Bank">
Choice Microfinance Bank

Choice Microfinance Bank, whose full name is Choice Microfinance Bank Kenya Limited or CMBKL, is a deposit-taking microfinance bank in Kenya, licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator.
Location.
The headquarters and main office of CMBKL are located at Siron Place, along Magadi Road, in Ongata Rongai, approximately , by road, south-west of the city of Nairobi, Kenya's capital city. The geographical coordinates of the headquarters of the microfinance bank are: 01°23'52.0"S, 36°45'28.0"E (Latitude:-1.397778; Longitude:36.757778).
Overview.
CMBKL is a private financial services provider in Kenya. It was awarded a microfinance banking license by the Central Bank of Kenya, on 13 May 2015. The institution was licensed as a community-microfinance bank, authorized to provide services in Kajiado North Constituency in Kajiado County. , the institution was in the process of raising fresh capital, in order to qualify for a national licence that authorizes the company to conduct business in all the counties of the country. A regional microfinance company requires KSh20 million (US$200,000) in capital to obtain a licence, while a national microfince bank requires a minimum capital investment of KSh60 (US$600,000). In May 2017, the institution announced its intention to introduce internet banking and mobile banking services.
Ownership.
The institution is majority owned by Kenyans in the Diaspora, especially the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, China and South Africa.
Branches.
As of March 2018, the microfinance bank has one branch at Siron Place, along Magadi Road, in Ongata Rongai, Kajiado North Constituency, in Kajiado County, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="56969892" url="?curid=56969892" title="Water Park Tycoon">
Water Park Tycoon

Water Park Tycoon is a sandbox video game where the player's goal is to create a successful water park. It was developed and published by Astragon.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to build a successful water park. When a world is launched, there is a large fenced-in space where the player can build their water park, as well as a ticket booth. The park is closed when by default, but the player can open it at any time, which will cause guests to be able to enter the park. Several types of pools, water slides, playground rides, food stalls, and vegetation are available for the player to improve the park. When any of these are bought, the player will lose money. Money is gained when guests buy food or drink, or purchase a park ticket. The player can set the price of both of these, but if the price is too high, guests will not want to purchase an article or ticket, and the park rating will drop.
The park rating is represented by a star with a number in it as well as a percentage on the top right of the screen. The percentage and number start off at 0, but as the water park is expanded and improved, the percentage will go up, causing the number to come up too. Once the percentage gets to 90%, the number will be up to 5, which is the highest it can go. In addition to building attractions and stalls, the player can also hire staff. These staff will perform tasks such as cleaning up the park, improving safety, and watering plants. Staff help improve the park greatly, and will therefore increase the park rating. However, the more staff the player hires, the more money they lose at the end of an in-game month.

</doc>
<doc id="56969896" url="?curid=56969896" title="Maps of Ukraine">
Maps of Ukraine


</doc>
<doc id="56969902" url="?curid=56969902" title="Scott Benson">
Scott Benson


</doc>
<doc id="56969910" url="?curid=56969910" title="Ann Lou Jorgensen">
Ann Lou Jorgensen


</doc>
<doc id="56969920" url="?curid=56969920" title="Gender inequality in Qatar">
Gender inequality in Qatar


</doc>
<doc id="56969927" url="?curid=56969927" title="Gender equality in Qatar">
Gender equality in Qatar


</doc>
<doc id="56969934" url="?curid=56969934" title="Native (film)">
Native (film)

Native is a 2016 British sci-fi film directed by Daniel Fitzsimmons, written by Fitzsimmons and Neil Atkinson and starring Rupert Graves and Ellie Kendrick.
Plot.
Two pilots are sent on a long distance flight through space, they are responding to a transmission from a far away galaxy. Throughout the journey they will struggle, for one of the pilots will experience the human condition, though they seem to not actually be human. Suffering a loss, one of the pilots will lose touch with the reality he has always known. He must face this new reality.
Reviews.
"Native" holds a 43% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 7 reviews, with an average rating of 5.1/10.
The film is described as "smart" and "elegant" by Peter Bradshaw in the "Guardian". Kim Newman in "Empire" magazine describes it as "ambitious, unusual and thought-provoking". In "The Times" Ed Potton calls it a “script full of promise, with provocative things to say about empathy, obedience and individualism”.
Production.
Shot predominantly in Dagenham and Formby Beach in Liverpool in 2014, co-writer and co-producer Atkinson said in an interview with the "Liverpool Echo": “Everyone at Formby beach was helpful. Dogwalkers gave us a wide berth but the problem was the tide – we had a ticking clock and finished filming with the water up to our director of photography’s knees.”
Awards.
The film won the feature film award at the 2016 Boston Science Fiction Film Festival. It was nominated for best film and director at the 2016 Bogotá Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56969937" url="?curid=56969937" title="Grass Lake Nature Park">
Grass Lake Nature Park

Grass Lake Nature Park is a nature reserve in Olympia, Washington. The park has an area of .
The central feature of the park is Grass Lake, a reservoir dammed in 1966. Swamp grass in the lake accounts for the name.
The lake and surrounding wetland has been owned by the City of Olympia since the 1980s. Amenities include a hiking trail.

</doc>
<doc id="56969943" url="?curid=56969943" title="Gender equality in Peru">
Gender equality in Peru


</doc>
<doc id="56969944" url="?curid=56969944" title="Gender inequality in Peru">
Gender inequality in Peru


</doc>
<doc id="56969949" url="?curid=56969949" title="Gender equality in Madagascar">
Gender equality in Madagascar


</doc>
<doc id="56969953" url="?curid=56969953" title="Gender inequality in Madagascar">
Gender inequality in Madagascar


</doc>
<doc id="56969954" url="?curid=56969954" title="Green Cove">
Green Cove

Green Cove may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56969956" url="?curid=56969956" title="David Dafinone">
David Dafinone

David Omueya Dafinone OFR (March 12, 1927 - September 30, 2018) was a Nigerian accountant &amp; politician, who was a senator for Bendel South during the Nigerian Second Republic. He was a member of the National Party of Nigeria (NPN). Dafinone worked on various fact finding committees during the military administration of Yakubu Gowon.
Life.
David Dafinone was born on March 12, 1927 in Sapele, Nigeria. Son of Thomas Omueya and Agbami ("nee" Onomor) Dafinone. Dafinone finished his secondary education at Abeokuta Grammar School, he later became an employee of the colonial service working at the Northern Secretariat in Kaduna State. Dafinone worked in Records and Registration Department and when his immediate superior was promoted, he was appointed administrative officer in an acting capacity of the Finance Department. At the finance department, his function was to make treasury estimates of the funding needs of the native authorities within the Northern region.
On returning to Nigeria he worked as a manager for Delloittes, Lagos from 1963 to 1966
In 1966, Dafinone founded D.O. Dafinone &amp; Co (now Howarth Dafinone), a chartered accounting firm. In 1997 he became a consultant to the firm
He also served as an arbitrator for the government under the Ports Amendment Decree of 1969 which paved the way for the acquisition and compensation of port facilities owned by United Africa Company in Warri and Calabar. A year later he was in another committee, a tribunal constituted to probe the affairs of the Apapa road project. Dafinone's other high-profile public job was his appointment in 1971 by the Ministry of Internal Affairs, to investigate the corrupt practices at Niger Pools officially known as the Nigerian Pools Company, a Federal Government owned company. Initially he was appointed Sole Administrator. His report, later uncovered unethical charges such as forging of winning coupons after results had been announced. The investigation led to the closing of the firm and the imprisonment of some employees.
In 2003, the Nigerian Federal Government conferred on him one of its highest honours, that of the Officer of the Order of the Federal Republic (OFR).
He was re-elected for another 4-year term, which was cut short by the fall of the Second Republic, and the advent of military rule, on December 31, 1993, only 3 months into the term.
He died on September 30, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56969964" url="?curid=56969964" title="Naphthalene locomotive">
Naphthalene locomotive

A Naphthalene locomotive was tested in France in 1913. It was built by Schneider-Creusot for use in their own plant.
Overview.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, steam locomotives continued to dominate the railways but alternatives were being considered. One of the problems to be solved was that of finding a cheap fuel. Liquid fuels, such as naphtha, petrol, benzole and alcohol had all been tried, but were expensive. Naphthalene seemed attractive because of its low cost, due to its origin from coal tar. An experiment was carried out by Schneider-Creusot. The Schneider establishment consisted of two distinct areas that were connected to each other by a rail link running through a tunnel. Steam traction was in use and the tunnel was filled with smoke from the locomotives. Following experiments carried out on a Renault car, it was decided to build a small naphthalene-powered locomotive.
The project.
The prototype was designed by the chief designer of Schneider, Eugène Brillié, in conjunction with the Society of French Civil Engineers. The locomotive was standard gauge with a cab and a bonnet containing the engine. There were two sets of buffers, at different heights, for coupling to normal railway wagons and to flat wagons for internal use within the plant. It was equipped with an automobile-derived internal combustion engine with four cylinders, a displacement of 12,300 cm³ and a maximum power of 50 kW. The engine was designed by Brillié. 
Fuel supply.
Since naphthalene, at ordinary temperature and pressure, is in a solid state, the engine was started with petrol or benzene. The naphthalene tank was enclosed in a water jacket, which was heated to boiling point by engine exhaust. Once the naphthalene (melting point 80°C) had liquified, it could be used as a fuel.
British patent 26541
awarded to Gaston Paul Jean Lion and Eugène Brillié in 1907, describes a fuel melting system but it differs from that described above. There is no water jacket and the solid fuel is heated directly by the exhaust gas. It would be difficult to regulate the temperature in such a system and this may be why the water jacket was introduced. The water jacket system was a Schneider patent, GB190821478.
Transmission.
Transmission of power from the engine to the wheels was by a pneumatic transmission system called the "Hautier aerothermal transformer". It consisted of an air compressor, driven by the prime mover, which fed a compressed air motor which drove the wheels. Hautier is not identified but he may have been Camille Jean Hautier who held several patents for compressed air transmission systems, e.g. GB190928918 and GB191308846.
The general construction of the machine was similar to that of other locomotives of its time. From the little information available, it seems that it was equipped with a handbrake only.
Operation.
The locomotive began its service in 1913 within the Schneider plant. The company's management then asked the Chemins de fer de l'État to test it with their dynamometer car. The trials took place in April 1913 on a two-kilometre link between the Harfleur workshops and the Le Hoc range. The locomotive hauled a load of up to 160 tonnes with a tractive effort of 7.9 kN. In regular use within the Schneider plant, the locomotive met expectations for traction but its maintenance proved to be very onerous. A similar, but narrow-gauge, locomotive of 150 kW was built for a railway company in southern Algeria but it appears to have been scrapped after only a few years.
Other countries.
United Kingdom.
There was also interest in the use of naphthalene as a motor fuel in the United Kingdom. In 1917, the Commercial Motor reported on experiments conducted by J.H. Willis and G.G. Wilson, of Birmingham Corporation Gas Works, using naphthalene fuel in a 10 hp motor boat engine. The tests were hailed as a success but nothing further seems to have been done.
Mexico.
The idea seems to re-surface periodically. A 1997 patent of Luis Cisneros Zazueta claims: "The invention can be used for all type of four-cycle gasoline engines operating under the Jammes Otto thermodynamic cycle, which comprise a carburator or a fuel injection system, the number of cylinders being unimportant. Naphthalene low cost and efficiency make the use of this device inexpensive".

</doc>
<doc id="56969970" url="?curid=56969970" title="Gender equality in Trinidad and Tobago">
Gender equality in Trinidad and Tobago


</doc>
<doc id="56969973" url="?curid=56969973" title="Tozir">
Tozir


</doc>
<doc id="56969980" url="?curid=56969980" title="Tuzer">
Tuzer


</doc>
<doc id="56969981" url="?curid=56969981" title="Green Cove (Washington)">
Green Cove (Washington)

Green Cove is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington.
Green Cove was so named on account of the green foliage lining the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="56970009" url="?curid=56970009" title="John Hales (politician)">
John Hales (politician)


</doc>
<doc id="56970017" url="?curid=56970017" title="Staurodoris ocelligera">
Staurodoris ocelligera


</doc>
<doc id="56970039" url="?curid=56970039" title="Betty Branch (artist)">
Betty Branch (artist)

Betty Branch is a contemporary American visual artist known for public works, sculpture, painting, and drawing.
Background.
Betty Branch earned her Bachelor of Arts in Studio Art (1979) and Master of Arts in Liberal Studies (1987) from Hollins University and completed additional studies with artists Denis Knight and Georgiana Mailoff, and at Miles and Generalis Sculptural Services. She lives and works in Roanoke, Virginia. Her first retrospective exhibition, "Betty Branch: Through the Crow's Eye, a Retrospective", presented the artist's work in bronze, marble, porcelain, works on paper, and performance pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="56970055" url="?curid=56970055" title="Linn Enslow">
Linn Enslow

Linn Harrison Enslow (February 26, 1891 – November 3, 1957) was an American sanitary engineer and chemist, most famous for his work with Abel Wolman developing chlorination systems in Baltimore.
Life.
Enslow was born in Richmond, Virginia, to Linn Bliss Enslow and Marie (née Harrison) Enslow, the eldest of six children.
He died of a heart attack on his farm in Dublin, Virginia in 1957; at the time, he resided in Queens, New York, and was working as editor of the magazine "Water and Sewage Works". He was buried in New Dublin Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Dublin, Virginia.
Work.
While studying chemistry at Johns Hopkins, he met Abel Wolman; together, the two devised a formula to appropriately chlorinate drinking water, depending on factors such as acidity. Between the time of discovery in 1919 and 1941, eighty-five percent of American water systems were using chlorination.

</doc>
<doc id="56970066" url="?curid=56970066" title="Notarchus timidus">
Notarchus timidus


</doc>
<doc id="56970084" url="?curid=56970084" title="Poundcake (album)">
Poundcake (album)

Poundcake is the second studio album by American drag performer and recording artist Alaska Thunderfuck, released by Producer Entertainment Group on October 14, 2016. The album features "RuPaul's Drag Race" contestants Adore Delano, Gia Gunn, and Miss Fame, and drag performer Jackie Beat. "Puppet" was released as the lead single, and an accompanying music video was directed by Santiago Felipe. Music videos were also created for "The T", which features Adore Delano and other "Drag Race" competitors Coco Montrese, Katya, Tatianna, and Trixie Mattel, "Stun", which features appearances by Gia Gunn, Courtney Act, and Mariah Paris Balenciaga, as well as "Come to Brazil".
Alaska sold dolls of Lil' Poundcake, the character she co-created on the show's fifth season, which served as an inspiration for the album, and toured with a rock music show called Poundcake World Tour. In the United States, the album peaked at number four on "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums chart, number three on the Heatseekers Albums chart, and number 28 on the Independent Albums chart.
Composition.
The album's title and the song "Puppet" refer to the "foul-mouthed" puppet Lil' Poundcake, a "deranged and angry" beauty pageant "competitor from hell" created by Alaska and Lineysha Sparx on the fifth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race"; Alaska later dressed like Lil' Poundcake on the second season of "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars" and sold plush dolls of the character. Fellow "Drag Race" contestants Adore Delano, Gia Gunn, and Miss Fame are featured on "The T", "Stun", and "Chicken", respectively. "The T" has been described as a diss track, and features Alaska performing freestyle rap with "some interesting facts about her past relationships, as well as ad-libbing by Adore Delano". According to Gay Star News, "the song addresses a lot of the dirty deets that went down in this past season like Adore Delano's unexpected exit, as well as Alaska's other personal issues such as sobriety, her ex aka drag queen Sharon Needles who's the winner of RPDR Season 4, and her friendship with drag star Willam".
"Let's Do Drag" features "Hey Qween" Lady Red Couture. The song "Race Chaser" inspired Alaska's podcast with "Drag Race" queen Willam Belli. Jeremy Mikush is featured on the a cappella closing track "It Is What It Is". Mikush had previously worked with Alaska on "Nails" and "Your Makeup Is Terrible" for her debut album "Anus" (2015), and the duo released their debut studio album "Amethyst Journey" as Alaska and Jeremy in 2018.
Release and promotion.
"Poundcake" was released by Producer Entertainment Group on October 14, 2016. The album was promoted by a music video for the lead single "Puppet", which was released in mid-September. The music video, directed by Santiago Felipe, shows Lil' Poundcake "pulling a Wall Street heist with her cohorts and spitting some hilariously foul lyrics"; according to "Billboard" magazine's Patrick Crowley, "After losing a beauty pageant of sorts, a crazed Gertrude Poundcakenstein goes on a crime spree. Joined by her sidekicks, Juicy Liu and Chocolate Puddin, she robs a bank and wreaks havoc on Lower Manhattan." Adam Salandra of Logo TV's "NewNowNext" wrote, "When the puppet with daddy issues loses a beauty pageant to Baby Thunder Thighs in the video, she also loses her mind, transforming into an evil version of Lil' Poundcake before our very eyes. With a freshly painted mug and revenge on her mind, she sets out on a crime spree with tragic results." The video references fellow queen Roxxxy Andrews and features cameos by pornographic film actors Rocco Steele and Boomer Banks. Alaska's friend Nick Laughlin choreographed the video. "Let's Do Drag" was released at the same time as "Puppet".
The music video for "The T" premiered on October 13 and features "Drag Race" queens Adore Delano, Coco Montrese, Katya, Tatianna, and Trixie Mattel, in a final scene reminiscent of Leonardo da Vinci's 15th-century mural painting "The Last Supper". Denver-based Geek Myth Productions directed the video.
Alaska released a music video for "Stun" featuring Gia Gunn and "Drag Race" queens Courtney Act and Mariah Paris Balenciaga in February 2017. In the video, Alaska and Gia Gunn recreate RuPaul's looks from season 6 and carry large purses as a reference to Bob the Drag Queen. Glenn Garner of "Out" said of the video: "Sporting their tightest clubbing dresses in the back of a limo, they all pop champagne and play with PayPal. Alaska and Gia eventually adjourn to the streets, where they have a dance-off and hang out in dumpsters with garbage men. There's also the return of a certain hula hoop purse that we'd hoped we'd never see again." "NewNowNext" Christopher Rudolph wrote, "Whether they're giving banjee realness in a colorful alley or going full glamazon with Courtney Act in the back of a limo, these girls have never looked better."
In May, Alaska released a commercial for her Lil' Poundcake doll, featuring "Drag Race" contestants Jiggly Caliente and Raja. Alaska also supported the album with her Poundcake World Tour, a rock music show featuring Jackie Beat as an opening act. In November, a music video for "Come to Brazil" was released; the video was filmed in Brazil and sees Alaska "taking in everything the country has to offer like soccer, colorful outfits and beautiful boys".
Reception.
"Poundcake" debuted in the top five of "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums and Heatseekers Albums charts. Daisy Jones of "Vice" said the album "will leave you "gagging"". Darian Lusk of "The New York Observer" included "Come to Brazil" in his list of "The Best Songs of 2017 by 'RuPaul’s Drag Race' Contestants". He wrote: 
"Billboard" Patrick Crowley described "The T" as "tea-spilling" and "Minaj-esque". The magazine included "Puppet" in a 2019 list of the "20 Best Songs from 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Queens", saying: "A deliriously upbeat, catchy hook pairs well with the unrepentantly filthy (and hysterical) lyrics on this standout track ... She has a number of excellent songs, but the Lil' Poundcake-inspired 'Puppet' is undeniable."
Track listing.
Track listing adapted from AllMusic.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from AllMusic.

</doc>
<doc id="56970090" url="?curid=56970090" title="Henley High School, Adelaide">
Henley High School, Adelaide


</doc>
<doc id="56970110" url="?curid=56970110" title="Gillian Pederson-Krag">
Gillian Pederson-Krag

Gillian Pederson-Krag is a contemporary American artist. She was born in New York City in 1938, and lives and works in Santa Cruz, California.
Background.
Krag received her B.F.A from the Rhode Island School of Design in Providence in 1961 and her M.F.A from Cornell University in Ithaca in 1963, where she also taught painting and drawing from 1966-1979. Her works can be found in the collections of the Fine Arts Museum of San Francisco, The New York Public Library Print Collection, the Library of Congress Print Collection, and the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art at Cornell University, among others.
In 2004, Krag was the Frances Niederer artist-in-residence at Hollins University. She gave a collection of etching prints to the Eleanor D. Wilson Museum, which then became a part of the museum's permanent collection.

</doc>
<doc id="56970117" url="?curid=56970117" title="Show Me The Movie!">
Show Me The Movie!


</doc>
<doc id="56970119" url="?curid=56970119" title="7α-Methylestradiol">
7α-Methylestradiol

7α-Methylestradiol (7α-Me-E2), also known as 7α-methylestra-1,3,5(10)-triene-3,17β-diol, is a synthetic estrogen and an active metabolite of the androgen/anabolic steroid trestolone. It is considered to be responsible for the estrogenic activity of trestolone. The compound shows about the same affinity for the estrogen receptor as estradiol.

</doc>
<doc id="56970124" url="?curid=56970124" title="Vin di Bona">
Vin di Bona


</doc>
<doc id="56970131" url="?curid=56970131" title="Książę i Tchórz">
Książę i Tchórz


</doc>
<doc id="56970133" url="?curid=56970133" title="Nikita A. Nekrasov">
Nikita A. Nekrasov


</doc>
<doc id="56970135" url="?curid=56970135" title="7α-methylestradiol">
7α-methylestradiol


</doc>
<doc id="56970136" url="?curid=56970136" title="7α-Me-E2">
7α-Me-E2


</doc>
<doc id="56970139" url="?curid=56970139" title="Gilfred Studholme">
Gilfred Studholme

Gilfred Studholme (1740-1792) was a British military officer who commanded forces on the Saint John River, Nova Scotia during the American Revolution. He was commissioned in the Loyal Nova Scotia Volunteers at the outbreak of the war and later served as a captain in the Royal Fencible Americans and promoted to Brigade-Major. Studholme rescued Joseph Gorham in pushing back the American attack in the Battle of Fort Cumberland. After the St. John River expedition, Studholme replaced Fort Frederick with a fort he built on higher ground, which was named Fort Howe. At this fort, Studholme was helpful to Michael Francklin in ensuring peace with the Mi'kmaq and Malecites (1780). After the war, he was appointed by Governor John Parr to "the care and superintending" of the loyalist settlers on the Saint John. He was eventually named to the first Executive Council of the new province of New Brunswick (1784). 

</doc>
<doc id="56970145" url="?curid=56970145" title="7α-Methyl-E2">
7α-Methyl-E2


</doc>
<doc id="56970147" url="?curid=56970147" title="Lesser girdled triton">
Lesser girdled triton


</doc>
<doc id="56970148" url="?curid=56970148" title="7α-methyl-E2">
7α-methyl-E2


</doc>
<doc id="56970159" url="?curid=56970159" title="Tomrar">
Tomrar


</doc>
<doc id="56970166" url="?curid=56970166" title="Tomrair Erell">
Tomrair Erell


</doc>
<doc id="56970167" url="?curid=56970167" title="Tomrair erell">
Tomrair erell


</doc>
<doc id="56970169" url="?curid=56970169" title="Mountain Rose Academy">
Mountain Rose Academy

Mountain Rose Academy is a tuition free public high school in Tucson, Arizona, United States. Mountain Rose Academy serves the communities of Northwest Tucson, Marana, and Oro Valley with an enrollment of 245 students.

</doc>
<doc id="56970170" url="?curid=56970170" title="Murex succincta">
Murex succincta


</doc>
<doc id="56970172" url="?curid=56970172" title="Io (film)">
Io (film)

Io is a 2019 American science fiction film directed by Jonathan Helpert. It stars Margaret Qualley, Anthony Mackie and Danny Huston.
It was released on January 18, 2019, by Netflix.
Plot.
The film is set in a post-apocalyptic present, where Earth's atmosphere has become toxic. Most humans have fled the planet, to live on a space station near Io, a moon of Jupiter.
Sam Walden is one of the few humans remaining on Earth. She lives alone at high altitude, where the air is still breathable, trying to raise bees that can survive in the atmosphere. Her intent is to use the bees to eventually clean the air via the pollination of oxygen-producing plants. Her long-distance boyfriend, who lives on the Io station, urges her to leave Earth on the last shuttle from the planet.
A storm creates a toxic cloud that passes through Sam's shelter, killing all of her bees. Micah, a man travelling by helium balloon, arrives shortly thereafter. He intends to reach the launch site and leave Earth, but first wants to speak with Dr. Harry Walden, Sam's father, who had urged mankind to stay because he still saw hope.
Initially, Sam states that her father is conducting field work elsewhere. However, after a day, she reveals that her father died the previous year. Hearing this, Micah is determined to take Sam with him to the space shuttle, to which she apathetically agrees. After receiving a message from her boyfriend saying goodbye, because he is part of an expedition embarking on a 10-year voyage to an exoplanet orbiting Alpha Centauri, Sam records a message informing everyone still on Earth that Dr. Walden's attempt to clean the planet was ultimately unsuccessful and that everybody should leave to Io.
While preparing and waiting for the right wind conditions, Sam and Micah grow closer and become romantically involved. They also discover that a new queen bee hatched in Sam's hive, which is immune to the toxic air. They are informed that the shuttle launch is rescheduled to another site, farther away than the original. As a result, they drive into a city blanketed by the toxic atmosphere to obtain the helium required for the journey. After finding the helium, Sam visits an art museum alone. Micah rushes after her, knowing her oxygen tank is running low. Instead of switching to a new tank, Sam pulls off her mask and breathes the toxic air hoping to survive. She takes several breaths, as the scene fades to black. Micah travels alone to the spaceship because Sam has decided to stay behind.
Like the new queen bee in her colony, the changed environment is not toxic to Sam. The film ends with her standing on a beach alone before being joined by a young child. A voice over of a letter from Sam to Micah tells how beautiful the Earth is, how those who have left the planet will have learned to fear it, and that they are waiting for them to return.
Production.
In January 2015, it was reported that Elle Fanning and Diego Luna would star in the film with Clay Jeter directing from a screenplay he co-wrote with Will Basanta and Charles Spano. However, in October 2016, Margaret Qualley replaced Fanning, while Anthony Mackie replaced Luna, with Danny Huston also cast for the film. Jonathan Helpert was also set to replace Jeter as director while retaining the Jeter/Basamta/Spano screenplay.
Principal photography began in October 2016.
Release.
The film was released on January 18, 2019.
Reception.
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, reported an approval rating of 31% based on 26 reviews, with a weighted average of 5.05/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""IO" has some big ideas but little idea of how to effectively convey them, leaving viewers with a sci-fi drama whose attractive packaging can't cover its enervating core." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 40 out of 100 based on 6 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
Nick Allen of "RogerEbert.com" gave the film 2 stars out of 5, writing that, "However pure its intentions, "IO" is genre minimalism to a fault." He added, ""IO" isn’t science-fiction storytelling distilled so much as it is vaporized."

</doc>
<doc id="56970187" url="?curid=56970187" title="Eutritonium lampas">
Eutritonium lampas


</doc>
<doc id="56970192" url="?curid=56970192" title="West African hairy trition">
West African hairy trition


</doc>
<doc id="56970198" url="?curid=56970198" title="Parish of Tiltabrinna">
Parish of Tiltabrinna

The Parish of Tiltabrinna is a remote civil parish of Yantara County in far North West New South Wales.
The Geography, of the parish is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).
The nearest town is Tibooburra to the north west, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56970199" url="?curid=56970199" title="Triton tranquebaricus">
Triton tranquebaricus


</doc>
<doc id="56970202" url="?curid=56970202" title="Parish of Torowoto">
Parish of Torowoto

Torowoto Parish is a remote civil parish of Yantara County in far North West New South Wales.
The Geography, of the parish is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).
The nearest town is Tibooburra to the north west, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56970205" url="?curid=56970205" title="Anna Bochkoltz-Falconi">
Anna Bochkoltz-Falconi


</doc>
<doc id="56970208" url="?curid=56970208" title="Uncana, New South Wales">
Uncana, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56970210" url="?curid=56970210" title="Johnny Hill (Scottish footballer)">
Johnny Hill (Scottish footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="56970214" url="?curid=56970214" title="Parish of Terrawinda">
Parish of Terrawinda

Terrawinda is a remote civil parish of Yantara County in far North West New South Wales.
The Geography, of the parish is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country. The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).
The nearest town is Tibooburra to the north west, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56970220" url="?curid=56970220" title="R. J. Fetherstonhaugh">
R. J. Fetherstonhaugh

R. J. Fetherstonhaugh is a Canadian actor. He is known for his portrayal of Nolan Gallard in "21 Thunder".
Early years.
Fetherstonhaugh was born in Victoria, British Columbia and spent his childhood focused on athletics; he spent three years training in boxing in high school before deciding to pursue acting. He graduated from the Vancouver Film School in 2013.
In an interview, he credited his mother for pushing him towards acting:"My parents and I had a talk about my future, they were concerned about the physical trauma that comes with contact sports. I never saw boxing as a career path and frankly at that point in my life I didn't see any career path. My mother suggested I try acting and I fell in love with it. I've always been a bit of a storyteller so this line of work felt right."
Acting career.
His first acting credits came in short films "Mob Kingdom" and "Flying Embri" in 2014. Later that year, he appeared in "Supernatural" episode Stairway to Heaven as Colonel Scoop's Employee. He featured in two episodes of "When The Heart Calls" in 2015 and earned a six-episode role as Sean in "Wayward Pines" a year later.
Fetherstonhaugh's first full-length movie appearance came as Justin Abraham in Kevan Funk's "Hello Destroyer" – which premiered at 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. He next appeared in television film "Revenge Porn", as well as the series "Dead of Summer".
In 2017, Fetherstonhaugh appeared in one episode of "Somewhere Between" as Blake Tanner before landing a leading role in "21 Thunder" as Nolan Gallard. In 2018, he played featured roles in the films "The Predator" and "How It Ends".
In 2021, Fetherstonhaugh worked in season two of "Batwoman" as Amygdala.

</doc>
<doc id="56970222" url="?curid=56970222" title="Terrawinda Parish">
Terrawinda Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970224" url="?curid=56970224" title="Red Lips (disambiguation)">
Red Lips (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56970226" url="?curid=56970226" title="John Thomas Hill (British Army officer)">
John Thomas Hill (British Army officer)


</doc>
<doc id="56970230" url="?curid=56970230" title="Mediterranean bark trition">
Mediterranean bark trition


</doc>
<doc id="56970231" url="?curid=56970231" title="Tiltabrinna Parish">
Tiltabrinna Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970232" url="?curid=56970232" title="Anna Bockholtz">
Anna Bockholtz


</doc>
<doc id="56970233" url="?curid=56970233" title="Murex cutaceus">
Murex cutaceus


</doc>
<doc id="56970236" url="?curid=56970236" title="C/2018 F4 (PanSTARRS)">
C/2018 F4 (PanSTARRS)

C/2018 F4 (PanSTARRS) is a hyperbolic comet (previously classified as A/2018 F4, a hyperbolic asteroid). It was discovered on 17 March 2018 when it was beyond the orbit of Jupiter, from the Sun. It was quite far from the Sun and turned out to simply be an asteroidal object that was discovered before cometary activity was noticeable. As perihelion (closest approach to the Sun) is inside the orbit of Jupiter, this object should become more active. In April 2018 it was determined to be a hyperbolic comet. Given that the incoming velocity was similar to that of an Oort cloud object, we can very confidently say that it is not of interstellar origin. C/2018 F4 fragmented around August 2020.
Overview.
It would be no problem to fit a parabolic orbit to the C/2018 F4 data, as used to be done for most short arc comets. The orbital eccentricity is decently constrained at , so it could even be a closed orbit with an eccentricity below 1. The velocity of the object currently has an uncertainty of ±0.2 km/s. With a common Oort cloud velocity of roughly when inbound 200 AU from the Sun, there is no reason to think 2018 F4 is of interstellar origin.
It will come to perihelion around 3 December 2019 when it will be 3.4 AU from the Sun.
Further observations will be necessary to determine if the orbit is hyperbolic. As a comet this object became known as C/2018 F4 (PANSTARRS).
The somewhat short observation arc of 35 days suggests that before entering the planetary region of the Solar System (epoch 1950), the comet had an orbital period on the order of a hundred thousand years. The heliocentric eccentricity became greater than 1 in November 2016 when the comet was from the Sun.
At 200 AU from the Sun, the escape velocity from the Sun is 2.98 km/s. In the above table, the only outlier is ʻOumuamua with a confident 34-day observation arc. Comet C/2008 J4 (McNaught) has a short observation arc with large uncertainties. Comet C/1999 U2 (SOHO) has a meaningless 1-day observation arc. Comet C/2018 F4 has a common Oort cloud velocity when 200 AU from the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="56970237" url="?curid=56970237" title="Parish of Uncana">
Parish of Uncana

Uncana is a remote rural locality and civil parish of Yantara County in far North West New South Wales.
The Geography, of the parish is mostly the flat, arid landscape of the Channel Country.
The nearest town is Tibooburra to the north west, which is on the Silver City Highway and lies south of the Sturt National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="56970250" url="?curid=56970250" title="Ellen Angelina">
Ellen Angelina

Ellen Angelinawaty (born 30 June 1976) is a former Indonesian badminton player and now is a badminton coach in PB Djarum. Born in Salatiga, Central Java, Angelina who play in the singles category, had won the Malaysia and Indonesia International tournaments in 1997. She reach the final at the 2000 Asian Championships, and clinched the silver medal after lose to Xie Xingfang of China. At the same year, she competed at the Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. At the peak of her career, she won the 2001 Indonesia Open, beating the Chinese player Wang Chen in the final.
Achievements.
Asian Championships.
"Women's singles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix has been sanctioned by the International Badminton Federation from 1983 to 2006.
"Women's singles"
IBF International.
"Women's singles"

</doc>
<doc id="56970255" url="?curid=56970255" title="Redhead (film)">
Redhead (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56970264" url="?curid=56970264" title="Alvinia zetlandica">
Alvinia zetlandica


</doc>
<doc id="56970267" url="?curid=56970267" title="Neil Atkinson">
Neil Atkinson

Neil Atkinson (born 21 January 1981) is a Liverpool based writer, broadcaster and film producer. Atkinson is the host, ‘Content Manager’, and one of the main writers and business developers behind online football and culture magazine "The Anfield Wrap" which has had over 28 million podcast downloads worldwide. Atkinson has presented sell out shows of "The Anfield Wrap" in London, New York, Melbourne, Ireland and Scandinavia as well as on stage at the "Sound City Festival" in Liverpool.
Atkinson co-wrote and co-produced the film "Native" which had a theatrical release in the UK in 2018 and won the feature film award at the 2016 Boston science fiction festival. Described as ‘smart’ and ‘elegant’ by Peter Bradshaw in "The Guardian". Kim Newman in Empire magazine described it as ‘ambitious, unusual and thought-provoking’. In The Times Ed Potton a “script full of promise, with provocative things to say about empathy, obedience and individualism”.
Atkinson is a regular Radio City Talk presenter and won the Football Supporters Federation 2016 national radio show award. He runs his own Liverpool-based production company, Film1st, and hosts music podcast "The Rider". Atkinson has guested as a pundit on The Totally Football Show discussing Liverpool Football Club’s 2019-20 Premier League title triumph.
Formerly a chairman for Spirit of Shankly, he has contributed to "The New Statesmen" discussing the social impact of tragedies and has appeared on "BBC Breakfast," "Football Focus," and "BBC Five Live", BT Sport Copa90 and "Sky Sports", during which former Manchester United defender Gary Neville described Atkinson as “a better pundit than me”.
Atkinson has written for newspapers such as newspapers such as "The Guardian", "The Independent", the "Birmingham Mail", the "Liverpool Echo", the "North Wales Daily Post", the "Newcastle Chronicle", "The Straits Times", and "The Daily Star." Atkinson reviewed a concert of Elgar, Mahler and Strauss by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra which was highlighted by "Classic FM".
He co-wrote the 2014 book "Make Us Dream" with John Gibbons about the 2013-14 Liverpool F.C. season as well as "Numero 6" in 2019, about Liverpool’s 2018–19 season culminating in their 2019 UEFA Champions League Final victory, their sixth European Cup triumph. In August 2019 with Michael MacCambridge Atkinson began "Red Letters", a weekly correspondence about the Liverpool Football Club for the Liverpool Echo’s American website, which is being edited into a book.

</doc>
<doc id="56970276" url="?curid=56970276" title="Forced Landing">
Forced Landing

A forced landing is a landing by an aircraft made under factors outside the pilot's control.
Forced Landing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56970283" url="?curid=56970283" title="Donna L. Crisp">
Donna L. Crisp

Donna Lynn Chesus Crisp (born 1949) is a retired two-star rear admiral, having served over 30 years in the United States Navy.
Naval career.
In 1974, Crisp was commissioned an ensign at Officer Candidate School in Newport, RI. Her early career included positions at Naval District of Washington as protocol officer and public affairs officer; security, communications, and public affairs positions at Pearl Harbor, HI; manpower and personnel department head in the 3rd Fleet; weapons control and air traffic control program project officer at Fleet Combat Direction Systems Support Activity in San Diego, CA. 
She was promoted to rear admiral in 2001. After that, Crisp was Director of Manpower and Personnel Readiness for the Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman in Washington, DC. during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Between 2002 and 2004, she was stationed in Oahu with the Navy's Pacific Fleet. In January 2008, she assumed the position of Commander of the Joint Prisoner of War/Missing in Action Accounting Command (JPAC). In that role she represented U.S. government in POW/MIA negotiations with foreign governments and testified before the U.S. Congress. Two videos of her testimonies in 2008 and 2009 are available on the C-SPAN network. The mission of JPAC was to fully account for U.S. servicemembers who were lost during previous conflicts.
Other activities.
Crisp is a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution and serves as its national vice-chair of the Commemorative Events Committee. Her focus is the World War I Centennial/Treaty of Versailles. Crisp is also serving as the National Vice Chair of Vivian’s Outreach to Women a new program which supports indigent and homeless women that launched June 2019. 
Early life.
Crisp was born in Bay Shore, New York, and grew up in Redlands, California. She attended Redlands High School and later graduated from California State University in Long Beach, CA.
Awards.
– Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="56970284" url="?curid=56970284" title="Jenny Mettee">
Jenny Mettee

Jenny Mettee is an American multi-instrumentalist. 
Early life.
Mettee was born in Towson, Maryland at St. Joseph's hospital. She grew up in Lutherville, a few streets away from John Waters childhood home. Raised by her mother and maternal grandparents. Her grandfather was an amateur weightlifter and hobbyist folk and country musician. At age 12, she took cello lessons with Peabody graduate Vicky Perkins and taught herself guitar. 
In 2001 she attended Sheffield Institute for the Recording Arts and was taught audio engineering and production by Drew Mazurek and Crack The Sky's Glenn Workman.
Professional life.
Ego Likeness.
At age 20, she found out her classmate at Sheffield Institute had joined Baltimore dark wave band Ego Likeness. At the time, Ego's practice space was in the basement of Angelfall Studios, now used as the headquarters for Charm City Cakes and the filming location for the Food Network show "Ace of Cakes". After an invitation was extended to attend a rehearsal, Steven Archer said Ego Likeness had a need for a bassist. In late 2001 she joined Ego Likeness' as its 9th member alongside Steven and Donna, a live drummer, lead guitarist, violin player, theremin player and two backup vocalists. Throughout 2001 and into 2003, she played with Ego Likeness on East Coast tour dates prior to the 2004 release "Water to the Dead" album, later re-released in 2013 on Metropolis Records. In 2003, she turned 21 playing a cello solo of "Aurora" from Ego Likeness' "Dragonfly" album at CBGB's "CB's 313 Gallery". She is thanked in the "Live Contributions" section of the liner notes for "Water to the Dead".
VAST.
After responding to a post on the VAST message board for a cello player in 2003 and speaking with Jon Crosby online, she went to New York to record parts for the online release of "Turquoise and Crimson". She provides backup vocals and cello for "Where it Never Rains" and a cello intro on "I Need to Say Goodbye". Recording time was cut short as her trip to NYC coincided with the Northeast blackout of 2003.
Nahja Mora.
In the summer of 2016, she joined Baltimore industrial group Nahja Mora as their live bassist. In November of 2016 her first show with Nahja Mora was opening up for the Revolting Cocks, playing on that tour as "The Cocks", minus Al Jourgensen. She contributed cello, synth and electric bass to the 2017 release "The Trees See More", which received international attention from industrial music blogs Brutal Resonance and Regen Magazine. Nahja Mora has caught the attention of the industrial scene with remixes from I, Parasite and Shawn Brice of Battery.
Fun Never Starts.
After a taking a hiatus from writing music, in 2011 she self-released "Welcome to Baltimore" through TuneCore streaming services and continued writing solo works. In winter of 2014, she began performing as Fun Never Starts, a blend of industrial, synth punk, and performance art. While finishing up songs for the first Fun Never Starts release, she created a music video for "The Accident". This video was submitted to Noisey Magazine and received a brief review.
Prior to the release of the first FNS album, she produced and animated Santigold's husband Trevor Andrew aka Trouble Andrew's "I Think I Know You" video which premiered in 2015 through Elevator Music Magazine. Additionally, Trouble Andrew played one of his only live shows in 2015 at Baltimore venue "The Crown" which featured a 9 band bill in one evening. Fun Never Starts and a special guest appearance by Spank Rock.
After self-releasing "United States of Akrasia" on cassette and bandcamp in 2016, she went through temporary musical lineups for her live shows. In early 2017 two new permanent members, Slim Dickens and Peanu Reeves joined, she rebranded Fun Never Starts and created on a new logo with Julian Luskin. The first show with the addition of Fun Never Start's new members, reunited Jenny with Ego Likeness on the bill. She produced and mixed Fun Never Starts October 2017 release "Nothing's Good Ever", which received reviews from goth industrial blogs in the US and Russia. The band is currently working on a new album.

</doc>
<doc id="56970285" url="?curid=56970285" title="Susanna Loeb">
Susanna Loeb

Susanna Loeb is an American education economist and director of the Annenberg Institute at Brown University. She was previously the Barnett Family Professor of Education at the Stanford Graduate School of Education, where she also served as founding director of the Center for Education Policy Analysis (CEPA). Moreover, she directs Policy Analysis for California Education (PACE). Her research interests include the economics of education and the relationship between schools and educational policies, in particular school finance and teacher labor markets.
Biography.
Susanna Loeb earned a B.S. in civil engineering and a B.A. in political science from Stanford University in 1988, followed by an M.P.P. in public policy and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Michigan in 1994 and 1998. Since, 2005, Loeb has been the director of Policy Analysis for California Education (PACE), a non-partisan research center dedicated to research on California's education system. From 2006 to 2009, Loeb directed the Institute for Research on Education Policy and Practice (IREPP), which subsequently became the Center for Education Policy Analysis and as director of which she also served until 2015. Moreover, since 2009, she has been a senior fellow at the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research. Additionally, Loeb maintains affiliations with the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) and the National Board for Education Sciences. Finally, she currently performs editorial duties for the "Economics of Education Review", "Educational Evaluation and Policy Analysis", and "Education Finance and Policy". On July 1, 2018, she became the director of the Annenberg Institute at Brown University.
In 2007, Loeb's research on teacher education was awarded the Distinguished Research in Teacher Education Award by the Association of Teacher Educators.
Research.
Research on teacher labour markets.
One major area of Susanna Loeb's research concerns the labour markets of teachers, which she has explored notably with Donald Boyd, James Wyckoff, Hamilton Lankford, and Pamela Grossman. Analysing the sorting of teachers by qualifications in New York with Lankford and Wyckoff, Loeb found that low-income, low-achieving and non-white students, especially in urban schools, are generally taught by the least skilled teachers, with salaries rarely leaning against and sometimes even contributing to this sorting. In further research with Boyd, they find teacher labour markets' spatial scope to be very small as teachers display strong preferences for proximity, which in turn makes it more difficult for urban schools to recruit new, well-qualified teachers. Overall, they attribute teacher sorting to a combination of more qualified teachers being more likely to leave schools with very low-performing students and schools with such students generally experiencing higher turnover than other schools, though high growth in student achievement can effectively act as a retention mechanism for effective teachers in low-achieving schools. In particular, effective teachers tend to leave low-achieving schools (but not high-achieving schools) within their second and third years at these schools, thereby likely contributing to the widening of the learning outcomes between students; by contrast, less effective teachers tend to leave both low- and high-performing schools within their first year. Studying why exactly teachers at low-performing schools in California are more likely to request transfers, Loeb and her co-authors find low teacher salaries and bad working conditions in schools (e.g. large class sizes, facilities problems, multitrack schools, and lack of textbooks) to be the main reasons besides negative interactions with students, though similar research in New York City by Loeb instead finds that teachers' (negative) perceptions of the school administrations are the main driver behind transfers. The resulting teacher turnover evidently harms students' test scores in math and English language arts, especially in schools with many Black and low-performing students.
However, narrowing the gap between the qualifications of teachers in high- and low-performing schools is possible; for example, the NYC Teaching Fellows and Teach for America initiatives were able to substantially reduce such a gap between New York City's low- and high-poverty schools over 2000-2005 by substituting uncertified teachers in high-poverty schools by academically qualified teachers. Further research by Loeb and her co-authors on teachers' preparation and recruitment has found that teachers with reduced pre-job coursework often provide smaller initial gains in both math and English language arts when compared to teachers who completed a university-based teacher education programme, though most differences disappear as the cohort matures. Another article suggested that New York City teacher preparation programmes' vary in their impact on teachers' value added to student test score performance, though a later reanalysis found no differences between programs except for one small outlier.
A 2013 study by Loeb and her colleagues teachers who have the highest value added to student test performance have distinctly different instructional practice profiles, e.g. consistently scoring better on Explicit Strategy Instruction. Finally, in research with Marianne Page, Loeb finds that - contrary to earlier estimates - raising teacher wages by 10% reduces high school dropout rates by 3-4% once the true opportunity costs of being a teacher - e.g. alternative wage opportunities and non-pecuniary job attributes - are taken into account.
Research on principals.
A second and more recent area of Loeb's research studies the role of principals with regard to school and student success. In research with Eileen Horng and Daniel Klasik, Loeb finds that the time used by school principals on organization management activities improves school and student outcomes, whereas day-to-day instruction activities tend to have no effect on student performance and deteriorate teachers' and parents' school assessments. More specifically, she finds in a study with Jason Grissom and Benjamin Master, that if principals use their instructional time to coach teachers, evaluate performance and develop their schools' educational programmes, their instructional time tends to predict student achievement gains, whereas time spent on informal classroom walkthroughs has the opposite effect. Moreover, only principals' organization management skills are found to consistently predict student achievement growth and other measures of school success. In other research with Demetra Kalogrides and Tara Béteille, Loeb observes that principal turnover generally decreases school performance by reducing teacher retention and depressing student achievement gains, with the effect being particularly pronounced in high-poverty or low-achieving schools as well as in schools with inexperienced teachers. Furthermore, principals with less experience as well as with less and lower-quality education tend to sort to schools serving many low-income, non-White, and low-achieving students, as high-quality principals tend to transfer away faster from such schools. Taking the perspective of schools, Loeb, Kalogrides and Béteille find that more effective schools succeed in attracting and hiring more effective teachers from other schools, assign inexperienced teachers more equitably over grades, and are better at retaining high-quality teachers.
Research on Head Start, school size, preschool childcare, and school accountability.
Two topics that Loeb has researched with Valerie Lee are the fading effects of the Head Start Programme and the impact of school sizes. With regard to Head Start, they find that former attendees of Head Start tend to be educated in comparatively low-quality middle grade schools, which structurally undermined the long-term effects of participation in Head Start and partly explains why only little benefits were observed. Regarding the impact of school size, they observe that the attitudes of teachers regarding their responsibility for student learning benefit tend to be higher in smaller schools and - through this pathway - increase elementary school students' annual gains in mathematics achievement scores.
In research with Martin Carnoy, Loeb finds that students in high-accountability states averaged significantly higher gains on the NAEP 8th-grade math tests compared to students in state with little or no external accountability, though there is no significant effect on student retention or high school completion rates. Loeb extensively reviews the literature on school accountability in her corresponding article with David Figlio in the "Handbook of the Economics of Education".
Finally, together with an eclectic range of co-authors, Loeb has analysed the effect of different types of childcare on children's development. In particular, Loeb finds that childcare in preschool centers raises reading and math scores but negatively affects socio-behavioural measures (except for English-proficient Hispanic children), with the duration of childcare, the age at which children start attending preschool centers (optimally at age 2-3), and the intensity of childcare all playing important roles regarding the overall effect. Moreover, center-based childcare programmes are found to increase the cognitive growth of children from poor families, especially if caregivers are more sensitive and responsive, improve their social development if caregivers are highly educated, and reduce behavioural problems compared to children in poor communities who receive family childcare.

</doc>
<doc id="56970287" url="?curid=56970287" title="Buntiara Parish">
Buntiara Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970288" url="?curid=56970288" title="Γ̃">
Γ̃


</doc>
<doc id="56970292" url="?curid=56970292" title="Deriringa Parish">
Deriringa Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970293" url="?curid=56970293" title="Diuris parvipetala">
Diuris parvipetala

Diuris parvipetala, commonly known as slender purple donkey orchid, is a species of orchid that is endemic to eastern Australia. It usually has two leaves at its base and up to nine relatively small, whitish to mauve flowers with purple markings. It is an uncommon species found in northern New South Wales and southern Queensland.
Description.
"Diuris parvipetala" is a tuberous, perennial herb with two linear leaves long, wide and folded lengthwise. Up to nine whitish to mauve flowers with purple markings and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is angled upwards, long and about wide. The lateral sepals are long, about wide and turned downwards. The petals are oblong, long, wide and spread apart from each other on a purple-brown stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is spade-shaped, about long and wide with its tip turned downwards. The side lobes are about long and wide. There are between two thick, ridge-like calli long in the mid-line of the labellum. Flowering occurs from August to October.
Taxonomy and naming.
The slender purple donkey orchid was first formally described in 1964 by Alick Dockrill who gave it the name "Diuris punctata" var. "parvipetala". The description was published in "The Victorian Naturalist" from a specimen collected near Brigooda. In 1987 David Jones and Mark Clements raised it to species status as "Diuris parvipetalum". The specific epithet ("parvipetala") is derived from the Latin words "parvus" meaning "small" and "petalum" meaning "leaf".
Distribution and habitat.
"Diuris parvipetala" grows with grasses and between rocks from about Mount Moffatt in Queensland to Emmaville in New South Wales.
Conservation.
"Diuris ochroma" is classed as "vulnerable" under the Queensland Government "Nature Conservation Act 1992".

</doc>
<doc id="56970296" url="?curid=56970296" title="Ibiza (film)">
Ibiza (film)

Ibiza (later retitled Ibiza: Love Drunk) is a 2018 American romantic comedy film directed by Alex Richanbach and written by Lauryn Kahn. Its story follows Harper, a 30-year-old woman from New York who travels to Barcelona on a business trip, which leads to a flirty encounter with a famous DJ. It stars Gillian Jacobs, Vanessa Bayer, Phoebe Robinson, Michaela Watkins, Jordi Mollà, and Richard Madden.
The film was produced by Gary Sanchez Productions and Good Universe and was released on Netflix on May 25, 2018. It received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
Plot.
Harper is weary of life in New York City and tired of her job working for a PR firm. It does not help that her disgruntled boss Sarah is constantly reciting nasty one-liners at her while failing to recognize her hard work. However, in a surprise move, Sarah informs Harper that she has to fly to Barcelona for the weekend in order to secure a new client, a major opportunity for her to finally show her worth.
When Harper informs her friends Nikki and Leah, the two decided that they are coming along, whether she likes it or not. While at a nightclub in Barcelona, Harper meets an attractive DJ, who turns out to be the superstar Leo West, with whom she has instant chemistry. Before they get a chance to spend any time together, Leo has to travel to Ibiza for his latest gig. Harper receives a call from her boss that the time of her meeting with client has changed. Harper's despair over this prompts her decision to fly to Ibiza to meet Leo.
Despite her work responsibilities, Harper decides to follow Leo, friends in tow, to secure the man of her dreams. Harper and her friends arrive in Ibiza, and after many shenanigans, she reunites with Leo. Her friends remind her of her meeting. Harper and Leo then spend a romantic night together before her return home. The next day, Harper is late for her meeting. She and Leo separate after a rushed trip to the airport. Meanwhile, Nikki and Leah plan to impersonate Harper to help her out. Despite securing the deal, Harper's boss eventually discovers that she failed to uphold her responsibilities. Harper is then fired and decides to start her own PR firm with advice and assistance from a client Harper liaised with.
Later on, Harper is surprised to receive a call from Leo, who invites her to meet him at a gig in Tokyo. Harper declines and instead requests Leo to visit her in New York. Leo agrees and they both confess their feelings for each other. When Harper informs her friends of Leo's call, they tell her that she should have visited Leo, which she disagrees with. That night while on the subway, Harper smiles to herself deciding if she will visit Leo or wait for his visit.
Production.
In April 2014, Sony Pictures acquired a romantic comedy spec script written by Lauryn Kahn, with Alex Richanbach directing, under the working title "I'm in Love with the DJ". Will Ferrell, Adam McKay, and Kevin Messick served as producers under their Gary Sanchez Productions banner. In June 2017, Gillian Jacobs, Vanessa Bayer and Phoebe Robinson joined the cast of the film, with Netflix producing and distributing instead of Sony. Nathan Kahane, Joe Drake, and Erin Westerman will serve as producers under their Good Universe banner. In August 2017, Richard Madden joined the cast of the film.
Filming.
Principal photography began on September 5, 2017. The film was shot mostly in Croatia. Split and Zrće in Croatia doubled as Barcelona, while most Ibiza scenes were filmed in Krk, Croatia.
Reception.
"Ibiza" received mixed to positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 67% based on 24 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10. The critical consensus reads: ""Ibiza" settles into an amiable comedic groove enlivened by its talented stars, even if the end result is fittingly somewhat narratively hazy." On Metacritic, "Ibiza" scored 56 out of 100, based on 11 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Controversy.
The filmmakers sought cooperation with the local government of Ibiza, but the film was opposed by the Consell d'Eivissa, and the film was ultimately filmed in Croatia. Ibiza island authorities are reportedly preparing a lawsuit against Netflix for abusing the Ibiza brand and for allegedly depicting a stereotypical and unfavorable image of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="56970308" url="?curid=56970308" title="Hotgun">
Hotgun

Hotgun is an album purported to be the self-titled debut record of a band called Hotgun, released by tax-scam label Guinness Records. The album is actually a composite, combining demo recordings made by members of a Nashville area band called Ethos (R. Stevie Moore, Victor Lovera, Roger Ferguson &amp; Billy Anderson) with cover versions of popular songs recorded by employees of Nashville recording studio Audio Media originally intended for compilation albums.
Album release.
As the release of a tax scam label, the album came with minimal documentation. While all of the cover versions were credited to the correct songwriters, the original songs were all credited to Victor Lovera, a friend and collaborator of R. Stevie Moore's and fellow member of the band Ethos when in actuality only the two solo acoustic songs ("Joe Pepitone" and "My Father's Son") were written by Lovera himself, with the other original songs being collaborations between Lovera and Moore.
Bart Bealmear, with the aid of R. Stevie Moore and former Audio Media owner Paul Whitehead, was able to determine just how the three Ethos songs ("Show Business", "Nashville Bats" and "Love Graph"), all recorded at the Audio Media studio in 1973, found their way onto the album. It appears that the studio held onto copies of the recordings, which were in a style that was different from that dominating Nashville at the time and sold them to Guinness Records along with several cover versions of top 40 hits recorded by Audio Media employees for discount compilation albums, to recoup the recording costs. The two Lovera solo acoustic songs were recorded around two years prior to the Ethos songs at Tree Publishing, another Nashville area recording studio and were most likely provided to Guinness Records under similar circumstances to the other songs on the album.
Production notes.
According to the liner notes, the album was released on Guinness Records and distributed by Dellwood Records. Its Guinness Catalogue Number is GNS 36014.
References.
Notes
References
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="56970312" url="?curid=56970312" title="Turbo rugosus">
Turbo rugosus


</doc>
<doc id="56970322" url="?curid=56970322" title="HMS Jane (1781)">
HMS Jane (1781)

HMS "Jane was the North Carolina ship General Nash". In September-October 1780 "General Nash" operated as a privateer and captured several British merchant vessels. The British captured "General Nash" when they took St Eustatius on 14 February 1781. The Royal Navy took "General Nash" into service as HMS "Jane". In 1782 the American privateer "Tartar" captured "Jane".
North Carolina ship.
In September 1780 Captain Daniel Deshon and "General Nash" captured two brigs and brought them into the Cape Fear River. One brig was carrying rum and sugar from St Kitts; the other was from Scotland. Together, the brigs and their cargoes were worth £50,800. 
In October "General Nash" captured three British brigs and brought them into New Bern, North Carolina: "Agie" (or "Aggie"), "Prince of Wales", and "Kitty" (or "Kattie"). "Lloyd's List" reported on 26 December 1780 that "Aggy", Brown, master, from Clyde to Charleston, had been taken and sent into North Carolina. Her first and second mates escaped into Charleston. "Kitty", Provand, master, sailing from Jamaica to London, was taken into "Newburn". 
Captain Deshon captured "Kitty" on 2 October. He appealed the subsequent decision of the Court of Admiralty at Beaufort, South Carolina, on 28 October. On 5 April 1781 his appeal was (probably) affirmed. 
On 14 February the British captured Sint Eustatius. There they captured some 130 vessels. Among them were 14 vessels belonging to Stanly, "General Nash"s owner, loading at Oranjestad, Netherlands Antilles, and including "General Nash".
Royal Navy service.
The Royal Navy purchased "General Nash" on 7 March 1781 and renamed her HMS "Jane". Lieutenant John Davall Burr, who had transferred from , commissioned her.
The American 24-gun privateer "Tartar" captured "Jane" off the south coast of Haiti on 6 February 1782. "Jane" had been sailing between St Kitts and Jamaica when she sprang the head of her mainmast. She anchored in the lee of the Île-à-Vache to effect repairs. When Burr sighted a strange vessel he made sail, but his pursuer quickly caught up. "Jane" fired a broadside but two of her guns came off their carriages, and another came loose from its securing bolts. Water was also coming in through "Jane"s gun ports. Unable to resist effectively, Burr struck.
The subsequent court martial exonerated Burr for the loss of his ship. The court martial discovered that when "Jane" had been fitted out locally she had had to take whatever stores and equipment she could get. In particular, apparently her guns and their carriages were ancient and had been condemned.

</doc>
<doc id="56970326" url="?curid=56970326" title="Cornelius &quot;Cornbread&quot; Givens">
Cornelius &quot;Cornbread&quot; Givens

Cornelius "Cornbread" Givens (1931–2008), usually known as Cornbread Givens, was a civil rights leader and a national advocate for cooperatives. He was also known as the first African American to run for mayor of a major US city, Jersey City, New Jersey. 
Early life.
In 1931, Givens was born in Jersey City. From 15 to 18 years old, he was stationed in the South Pacific. In 1952, he and Alma Montgomery married. They had two children, Kevin and Pamela. During the early 1960s, Givens owned his own home remodeling business.
Career.
In 1961, Givens began his political career in the New Frontier Political Democratic Club, which began running African American political candidates. By 1963, Givens was president of the club and promised to run an African American for mayor of Jersey City in two years. In 1965, Givens ran for mayor of Jersey City. His campaign platform included federally-financed factories run by African Americans, history books reflecting a more accurate understanding of African American contributions, funds to rehabilitate neighborhoods and build middle-class cooperatives, and rent control. He came in sixth out of seven contenders.
Givens committed his life to building anti-poverty organizations run by poor people like himself. He said, "One day when I was 13, I grew so sick of poverty that I cried. I vowed then the next generation would not endure what I had to suffer." From 1964, he worked for CAN DO, an anti-poverty organization that trained teenage boys to do construction. Then, he formed Poverty Organization of Rehabilitation (POOR) and Grass Rooters Interested in Poverty Elimination (GRIPE).
Givens became a leader in the Poor People's Campaign. Mayor John Lindsey appointed Givens New York coordinator of the campaign. During Resurrection City, a multiracial group, including Givens, decided that America’s poor needed its own “embassy,” a Poor People's Embassy in Washington, DC. From this embassy, Givens launched the Poor People’s Development Foundation (PPDF), which sought to help poor communities develop cooperatives. From 1969, Givens was the president and the board included Chicano activist Reies Tijerina, native activist Tillie Walker, and Black Panther Mark Comfort. By 1971, PPDF worked on establishing farm cooperatives in the South and linking them to northern consumers, as well as supporting community control of urban renewal efforts in Chicago. The farm cooperatives formed in response to the backlash against the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Southern tenant farmers who decided to register to vote were, in retaliation, evicted from their tenant farms. Givens and PPDF worked to connect Southern farmers' cooperatives with consumer food cooperatives, farmers' markets, health food stores, and collective warehouses, which he set up around Newark, NJ and New York City. Members of the PPDF trucked food up to Newark and New York City to be sold in farmers' markets and health food stores.
When Mayor Marion Barry was elected as mayor of Washington, DC, Givens moved to Washington, DC. By May 1980, Barry made Givens chairperson of his new Commission on Cooperative Economic Development, which aimed to make Washington, DC, a demonstration city for cooperative development. Givens envisioned cooperatives as a way to forge economic and political power among low- and moderate-income residents. Givens created an entire development model in which each community would have: 1) producer cooperatives (particularly important for job creation, 2) consumer cooperatives, 3) credit unions, 4) low-income housing cooperatives, and 5) a community cooperative funded by profits from the other cooperatives to develop social programs like schools, hospitals, and child development centers. He understood these cooperatives as necessarily working together. This model would also require assistance at the national level, such as from the National Cooperative Bank, which he helped form. 
In 1985, Givens told FBI agents about phony contracts that DC government employee Ivanhoe Donaldson had run through Givens' organization. Donaldson eventually was sentenced to seven years for his embezzlement and fined. Givens was never charged with any wrongdoing.
Givens spent the rest of his life advocating for cooperatives. DC Mayor Sharon Pratt Dixon helped Givens establish the University of the District of Columbia's Center for Cooperatives.

</doc>
<doc id="56970327" url="?curid=56970327" title="H̃">
H̃


</doc>
<doc id="56970334" url="?curid=56970334" title="Murex trigonus">
Murex trigonus


</doc>
<doc id="56970349" url="?curid=56970349" title="Yailah Parish">
Yailah Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970357" url="?curid=56970357" title="Phasianella capensis">
Phasianella capensis


</doc>
<doc id="56970358" url="?curid=56970358" title="Nancy Atakan">
Nancy Atakan

Nancy Atakan (b. 1946) was born in Virginia, US. She is a visual artist living and working in Istanbul since 1969. Her works deal with issues of feminism, gender, identity and memory. Also a critic and art historian, she has completed her PhD on conceptual art in Turkey. She is a co-founder of the artist-run-space 5533, operating since 2008 in Istanbul Traders' Market Shopping Center.
Education.
Nancy Atakan completed her undergraduate education in Studio Art and Art History in 1968 at the University of Mary Washington and moved to Istanbul in 1969. She completed her PhD titled "Conceptual Art in Turkey" under the supervision of Zeynep Inankur at Mimar Sinan University in 1994. She taught Art History at Robert College (1983–1997) and History of European Painting and Sculpture at Bosphorus University (1996–2000). In 2007 she participated at a residency at the Banff Centre in Alberta, Canada and in 2017 to the Nordic Art Association's (NFK) Residency program with the support of IASPIS.
Work.
Having studied painting, Nancy Atakan produces drawings, paintings, videos, installations, photography and needlework, using personal archival materials and exploring the relationship between text and image. 
Starting from the 1990s, Atakan emphasized the importance of collaboration in her work and defined her approach as "art as dialogue". In the late 1990s she produced independent exhibitions in collaboration with Gülçin Aksoy, Gul Ilgaz and Neriman Polat, the first of which, titled "Arada" ("In Between") took place in 1997 at Atatürk Cultural Center in Istanbul. Starting from 2000 she also collaborated with the artists from Hafriyat collective in producing several exhibitions in Istanbul: "Local Produce", 2000, Elhamra Passage; "Voices From Homeland", 2001, Karsi Sanat and "Families Only", 2003, Karsi Sanat.
In 2008 when she co-founded the artist-run-space 5533 with Volkan Aslan, she considered this to be a continuation of her practice in the form of "art as dialogue". In the framework of 5533 Nancy Atakan and Volkan Aslan have shaped a programming with the participation of artists and curators such as Adnan Yıldız, Ahmet Öğüt, Anna Eriksson, Asena Günal, Banu Cennetoğlu, CANAN, Cevdet Erek, Can Altay, Fulya Erdemci, Hale Tenger, Ipek Duben, Inci Eviner, Mari Spirito, Marcus Graf, Övül Durmuşoğlu and Pelin Tan. 5533 was the subject of an archival exhibition held at New York's ISCP (International Studio and Curatorial Program) in 2018 featuring documentation, new works and a series of talks. 
In 2016, the first monograph focusing on Nancy Atakan's works, titled "Passing On" was published by Kehrer Verlag. Edited by Nat Muller, the publication included contributions by Yeşim Turanlı, Nat Müller, Wendy Shaw and Merve Ünsal. The book focuses on Nancy Atakan's latest works dealing with female lineage and intergenerational transmission, with a focus on how women's public and private roles were shaped and transformed during the transition from Ottoman Empire to Turkish Republic, and how this transformation affected intimacy.
Exhibitions.
Nancy Atakan's works have been presented in exhibitions in the following institutions: Weserburg, Elgiz Museum, Istanbul Modern, Akademie der Kunste, DEPO Istanbul, Apartment Project, Middle East Technical University, CerModern, , Museum of Contemporary Art Copenhagen and Banff Center among others.

</doc>
<doc id="56970362" url="?curid=56970362" title="Martin van den Bogaert">
Martin van den Bogaert


</doc>
<doc id="56970365" url="?curid=56970365" title="Psyche 59">
Psyche 59

Psyche 59 is a 1964 British drama film directed by Alexander Singer and written by Julian Halevy. It is based on the 1963 novel "Psyche '59" by Françoise des Ligneris. The film stars Patricia Neal, Curd Jürgens, Samantha Eggar, Ian Bannen, Beatrix Lehmann and Elspeth March. The film was released on 29 April 1964, by Columbia Pictures.
Plot.
Alison is apparently happy as a wife and the mother of two daughters despite her blindness, caused by a fall during pregnancy. She is helped by her devoted husband, Eric, a London businessman, an elderly French maid, and Paul, a close family friend.
Then Alison's younger sister, Robin, returns. Robin takes Alison shopping and suggests she see a specialist about her eyes. Alison says it is not her eyes that are faulty but her brain. A doctor has told her that her mind has seen something it did not like and now refuses to see at all.
In the family's town house Robin is very flirty and appears to mean to seduce or somehow punish Eric. She even jokes about this in front of Alison and Eric. Eric is furious and grabs her by the hair at the back of her head. But Robin stabs him with sewing scissors. Alison cannot see this but knows the mood has changed and asks what Robin is wearing. When her sister does not answer she touches her knee and feels the skimpy nightdress and leaves the room.
Later, Alison tells Robin she sometimes thinks she may recall the event that caused her sight loss. She woke in the night, knowing she was about to give birth to her second child. Her husband was not with her. She left the bedroom and heard Robin crying. After this, she had a fall, but cannot remember anything else till waking in hospital.
Alison and Robin go to the family's country house to supervise repairs that their mother has cancelled. The mother reveals that as children Alison used to take the things Robin held dear. She tells Alison to remember who introduced her to Eric. Alison retorts that it was "just an adolescent crush", implying that Robin had liked Eric first.
In town, Eric has dinner with Paul at a restaurant, and Paul says he likes Robin. He then implies Eric has had an affair with a Spanish woman. This is dismissed by Eric: "That's over. Anyway, she was Peruvian...don't talk about women as if they were wine. It is a sign of youth." They agree to drive to the country to surprise Alison and Robin. On the drive down Eric suggests Paul might win Robin over by beating her and using a belt on her. "Then when she has had enough, make love to her." Paul guesses that Eric has been Robin's lover in the past. Eric says she was 17 and living with them on holidays from boarding school. Paul says she must have seen Eric as a father figure as she never knew her own father. Eric says he saw her grow up and creepily adds that he saw the "apples filling out". Paul says he then "plucked the fruits". Paul seems worried and says "what really happened?" Eric says "ask her."
On a beach we find out that Robin has been married and has left her husband in the U.S. Her mother thinks she now has gigolos, and we see her flirting with two young men on the beach. Alison defends her by saying they are just young men with little money.
In another scene, Alison asks Robin if she was in love with Eric and Robin says unexpectedly "I hated him." She explains this as the fact that Eric was taking her sister away from her by marrying her. Alison says Robin had everything as a child and was ravishing as a girl; Robin asks her "you never knew how your ravishing sister was ravished on your wedding night, did you?" This was a middle-aged man she met on the beach. She says she cried and wanted to tell Alison all about it but couldn't.
The two men arrive at the country house. Robin causes a scene stealing black currants with the children. Eric is cross with her, but Alison defends her saying she has been troubled. Later, Paul and Robin share a picnic and kiss. He asks why she won't marry him, and she says he does not love her. She describes intense desire, and Paul asks if that is how she wants Eric. Robin does not answer but says she worshiped him and he "took pity on me and gave me a crumb". But clearly she is messed up by this, so it was not, as she puts it (sarcastically?) "kind".
Paul finds Alison smoking in the garden that night. He asks her advice on his relationship with Robin, and Alison suggests he cuts himself free, or love can be "like committing suicide".
Next day in the kitchen, Alison is chopping vegetables. Robin thinks Eric and Paul should not be out together. She says Eric thinks all women are "bitches or objects of pity - like you". Alison cuts her finger and sucks it. Robin adds "he likes you blind. It's the only way you can hold him." Alison grapples with Robin, who then flees.
Eric comes in and offers to take Alison away, but Alison says she won't run away. Robin has taken a horse and is trying to leave, but the household surrounds her. The horse clips Alison, who falls, but from the grass, she tells a concerned Eric that she is alright. The horse then runs into bushes and Robin falls off. She appears unconscious, and Eric carries her into the house.
Eric lays Robin on a bed, and Robin comes round. He has his hands on her shoulders and her neck. She starts to cry. Alison comes into the house downstairs, rubbing her eyes. She hears crying like she heard years ago. She sees her memory: her sister and Eric in bed and Eric telling her to go to America while Robin begs not to be sent away. Their upper bodies are clearly naked. In the present, Alison is still wearing her dark glasses but can see her hands. She goes to the door of the bedroom and sees a blurred shape of Eric, who sat on the bed above her sister.
The mother comes upstairs and tells Alison to lie down, but Alison says "leave me alone". In the bedroom, Eric embraces Robin's body, and Robin kisses the palm of his hand. Then she comes to her senses and pushes him away saying she won't be second best. She suggests he leave Alison and the children but clearly doubts that he will. Alison overhears and goes to her own bedroom. Eric is furious with Robin's challenge to him and starts to strangle her. He releases her, and she laughs at him and then turns away and cries as he runs out of the room.
Alison can see her children in the garden and is crying. After a possible attempt to seduce Eric that evening, she gets into bed sadly. The next day, she is arranging phenobarbitone tablets on the table to form a letter 'A'. The others play tennis outside. A taxi arrives to take the children to see their cousins. Alison says goodbye. Her mother suspects something, and won't let Alison return upstairs, saying lunch is nearly ready. She reads a sci-fi book out loud while Alison knits. Eventually, Alison says she's had enough and goes to her room.
Everyone meets for lunch, including Alison, but Robin is late. She arrives with a bunch of roses which she places on Alison's lap, then says "happy anniversary." Paul expresses surprise, and Robin says Eric didn't let him know because Eric has forgotten the anniversary. She then sits on Paul's knee and says they are getting married. Everyone is tense. Robin walks over to Eric and says "aren't you going to kiss the bride?" He seizes her around the waist and buries his head in her stomach. He is crying. Paul walks out. Robin looks over her shoulder toward her sister, and both she and Eric see that Alison can see them. Her face is full of shock and distress.
Alison walks into the garden after Paul, and then smiles at the sky and the sunlight.

</doc>
<doc id="56970366" url="?curid=56970366" title="Parish of Yailah">
Parish of Yailah

.Yailah, New South Wales is a Parish of Ularara County in north west New South Wales. It is at 29°36′44″S 143°45′01″E between Milparinka, New South Wales and Wilcannia and west of Wanaaring. The main economic activity of the prish is agriculture.
History.
The Burke and Wills expedition were the first Europeans to the area, passing a few miles to the west.
Climate.
The climate is semi-arid, featuring low rainfall, very hot summer temperatures and cool nights in winter. 
 The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).

</doc>
<doc id="56970371" url="?curid=56970371" title="Myriozoisis">
Myriozoisis


</doc>
<doc id="56970373" url="?curid=56970373" title="Honey (EP)">
Honey (EP)

Honey is the first EP by American pop artist and producer Brother Sundance. The EP was released on August 11, 2017, on Silent Majority Group, and features the singles "Blind" and "The Hurt."
Personnel.
Additional musicians:
Production:
Additional personnel:

</doc>
<doc id="56970378" url="?curid=56970378" title="Teal (bird)">
Teal (bird)


</doc>
<doc id="56970379" url="?curid=56970379" title="Anna Falconi">
Anna Falconi


</doc>
<doc id="56970391" url="?curid=56970391" title="Anna Bockholtz-Falconi">
Anna Bockholtz-Falconi


</doc>
<doc id="56970393" url="?curid=56970393" title="List of fishes of Arkansas">
List of fishes of Arkansas

The state of Arkansas has a wide variety of freshwater fish species in its rivers, lakes, and streams.
Sport.
Black Bass.
Order: Perciformes, Family: Centrarchidae
Carps.
Order: Cypriniformes, Family: Cyprinidae
North American Catfish.
Order: Siluriformes Family: Ictaluridae
Pikes.
Order: Esociformes Family: Esocidae
Sunfishes.
Order: Perciformes, Family: Centrarchidae
Temperate Bass.
Order: Perciformes, Family: Moronidae
Trouts.
Order: Salmoniformes, Family: Salmonidae
Non-sport.
Bowfin.
Order: Amiiformes, Family: Amiidae
In Arkansas, the bowfin is typically known as "grinnel".
Gars.
Order: Lepisosteiformes, Family: Lepisosteidae
Minnows.
Order: Cypriniformes, Family: Cyprinidae
Order: Cypriniformes, Family: Leuciscidae
Paddlefish.
Order: Acipenseriformes, Family: Polyodontidae
Sturgeons.
Order: Acipenseriformes, Family: Acipenseridae
The three types of sturgeon native to Arkansas are uncommon, and two of the species are listed as endangered nationwide. The lake sturgeon is near the southern end of its range in Arkansas, more commonly found in the Upper Midwest. Pallid and shovelnose sturgeon live in large, turbid rivers of the Mississippi Alluvial Plain, including the lower Arkansas, Mississippi, and lower White rivers downstream of impoundments.
Eels.
Order: Anguilliformes, Family: Anguillidae
Herrings.
Order: Clupeiformes, Family: Clupeidae
Lampreys.
Order: Petromyzontiformes, Family: Petromyzontidae
Mudminnow.
Order: Esociformes, Family: Umbridae
Smelts.
Order: Osmeriformes, Family: Osmeridae
Mooneyes.
Order: Hiodontiformes, Family: Hiodontidae

</doc>
<doc id="56970401" url="?curid=56970401" title="Yipunyah Parish">
Yipunyah Parish


</doc>
<doc id="56970403" url="?curid=56970403" title="Murex eurystomus">
Murex eurystomus


</doc>
<doc id="56970404" url="?curid=56970404" title="Yipunyah, New South Wales">
Yipunyah, New South Wales


</doc>
<doc id="56970407" url="?curid=56970407" title="関西方言">
関西方言


</doc>
<doc id="56970410" url="?curid=56970410" title="Abraham van den Boogaart">
Abraham van den Boogaart


</doc>
<doc id="56970420" url="?curid=56970420" title="Parish of Yipunyah">
Parish of Yipunyah

Yipunyah Parish is a Parish of Ularara County in north west New South Wales. It is at 29°58′47″S 143°59′38″E between Milparinka, New South Wales and Wilcannia and west of Wanaaring.
The main economic activity of the prish is agriculture, but the landscape is an arid, treeless scrubland typical of the channel country and population rates are less that 1 person per 160 km². Part of the parish is in the Nocoleche Nature Reserve.
History.
The Burke and Wills expedition were the first Europeans to the area, passing a few miles to the west.
Climate.
The climate is semi-arid, featuring low rainfall, very hot summer temperatures and cool nights in winter. 
 The parish has a Köppen climate classification of BWh (Hot desert).

</doc>
<doc id="56970426" url="?curid=56970426" title="Cleotrivia candidula">
Cleotrivia candidula


</doc>
<doc id="56970453" url="?curid=56970453" title="Project Méliès">
Project Méliès


</doc>
<doc id="56970456" url="?curid=56970456" title="Arnold Krog">
Arnold Krog

Arnold Krog (18 March 1856 - 7 June 1931) was a Danish architect, painter and designer who is remembered for his achievements as artistic director of Royal Copenhagen from 1884 to 1916. He revived the company after a period of decline, moving away from the stiff Empire style of previous decades in favour of a more Impressionist style which combined underglaze painting techniques with inspiration from Japanese imagery and European naturalism. He designed the Polar Bear Fountain for the Peace Palace in The Hague. He has also designed furniture and silverware and took up landscape painting after his retirement from the porcelain factory in 1916.
Early life and education.
Krog was born in Frederiksværk, the son of inspector at Frederiksværk Iron Works Hans Jacob Grøgaard Krog (1822–88) and Jenny Meyer (1824–1905).
He graduated from Efterslægtselskabets Skole in 1873. He then apprenticed as a mason for half a year C. Wienberg and studied drawing under C. V. Nielsen. He enrolled at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts' School of Architecture in October 1874, graduating in 1880. In 1877–78, together with Martin Nyrop, Hack Kampmann and Martin Borch, he contributed to Hans J. Holm's Surveying of Kronborg Castle. He studied Majolica ceramics on a journey to Italy in 1877–83. He also worked as a draftsman for Ludvig Fenger and contributed to Ferdinand Meldahl and Heinrich Hansen's interior restoration of Frederiksborg Castle and received attention for his Moorish Hall at the Panopticon Building in Copenhagen.
Royal Copenhagen.
After Aluminia's acquisition of the Royal Copenhagen Porcelain Manufactury in 1882, its director, Philip Schou (1838-1922), was looking for someone who could revive the stagnating company artistically. In 1884 he asked the xylograher Frederik Hendriksen for advice on the matter and he proposed Krog as a possible candidate for the job. Krog was hired on a trial basis in October 1884 and was appointed to artistic director of the company on a permanent basis in January 1885.
Krog introduced a new style with inspiration from Japanese porcelain and nature. His achievements won recognition at the Nordic Exhibition of 1888 in Copenhagen and international attention at the 1891 General Land Centennial Exhibition in Paris where the company won the grand prix. It was also for the Nordic Exhibition 1888 that Arnold Krog introduced the first underglazed memorial plate from Royal Copenhagen, which would become the inspiration for the later Danish Christmas plates.
Furniture , and silver.
Krog has also designed silver, for instance for A. Michelsen. He has also designed furniture and bookbinding.
Memberships and awards.
He became a member of the Academy's plenary session in 1911 and he was a member of the academy council from February 1911 to February 1919. He was appointed Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1890 and a titular professor in 1892.
Painting.
Late in his life, he took up landscape painting and etching. He held a solo exhibitions at Kleis' gallery in Østergade in 1919 and 1923. He was represented at the Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition in 1887, 1891, 1916, 1919–21 and 1923.
Personal life.
Krog was married to Euphemia Magdalene Henningsen on 8 September 1882 in Hvedstrup Church. She was a sister of the painters Frants Henningsen and Erik Henningsen. They lived in Tisvildeleje after his retirement. He died on 7 June 1931 and was buried in Vinderød Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="56970462" url="?curid=56970462" title="Line 1 (Ürümqi Metro)">
Line 1 (Ürümqi Metro)

Line 1 of the Ürümqi Metro is a subway line in Ürümqi.
The northern section from to , was opened on 25 October 2018. The southern section from Balou to Santunbei opened on 28 June 2019.
Line 1 has a total length of 27.615 km and 21 stations. It is fully underground.
History.
The 27.615 kilometer long, 21 station line commenced construction in March 2014. Tunneling works were completed in December 2017. The northern section of Line 1 (16.5 km) opened on 25 October 2018. The southern section of Line 1 (11.1 km) opened on 28 June 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56970477" url="?curid=56970477" title="Opaque couché">
Opaque couché


</doc>
<doc id="56970478" url="?curid=56970478" title="Alex Esaulenko">
Alex Esaulenko


</doc>
<doc id="56970483" url="?curid=56970483" title="Odostomia nisoides">
Odostomia nisoides


</doc>
<doc id="56970485" url="?curid=56970485" title="Олександр Єсауленко">
Олександр Єсауленко


</doc>
<doc id="56970488" url="?curid=56970488" title="Oleksandr Yesaulenko">
Oleksandr Yesaulenko


</doc>
<doc id="56970489" url="?curid=56970489" title="What Is Love? (EP)">
What Is Love? (EP)

What Is Love? is the fifth extended play by South Korean girl group Twice. The EP was released on April 9, 2018, by JYP Entertainment and is distributed by Iriver. It includes the lead single of the same name produced by Park Jin-young. Twice members Jeongyeon, Chaeyoung, and Jihyo also took part in writing lyrics for two songs on the EP.
Composed of six tracks overall, the EP received positive ratings from several music critics. It was also a commercial success for the group, reaching sales of over 340,000 copies. With this, Twice became the first Korean female act and the fifth music act overall to earn a Platinum certification from the Korea Music Content Association. 
An expanded reissue of the EP, titled "Summer Nights", was released on July 9, 2018.
Background and release.
On February 26, 2018, JYP Entertainment confirmed that Twice planned to release a new Korean album in April. On March 25, the agency announced that Twice would release their fifth EP titled "What Is Love?" on April 9. A promotion schedule for the mini-album was uploaded by the group on their official Twitter account. The first group image teaser was uploaded online the next day. On March 27, individual teaser photos featuring Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, and Sana were released. On March 28, individual teaser photos featuring Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu were uploaded by the group. On the same day, JYP Entertainment confirmed that the album's lead single "What Is Love?" was written and produced by agency founder Park Jin-young, marking a year since Park last collaborated with Twice as a producer following the release of "Signal" in 2017. A part of the album's track list was later uploaded, revealing additional details crediting Lee Woo-min "collapsedone" for the arrangement of the lead single. On March 29, a second group image teaser was uploaded by the group. On the same day, a second teaser for the EP's track list was released, revealing two new tracks written by Twice members: "Sweet Talker" which was penned by Jeongyeon and Chaeyoung, and "Ho!" with lyrics written by Jihyo.
On March 30, a second set of individual teaser photos featuring Tzuyu, Chaeyoung, Dahyun, and Mina were uploaded. The full track list was also revealed by the group, announcing that the EP will feature six songs in total, with the sixth track "Stuck" being exclusive for the album's physical edition. On March 31, individual teaser photos featuring Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, and Nayeon were uploaded. On April 1, the group uploaded an image containing the full lyrics for "What Is Love?". On the same day, member Nayeon uploaded a behind-the-scenes photo for the album in the group's official Instagram account, and also appeared at the 2018 KBO League to throw the ceremonial first pitch for the match between LG Twins and KIA Tigers. 
On April 2, Twice released the first music video teaser for "What Is Love?" on JYP Entertainment's Youtube channel. On April 3, a second music video teaser clip featuring Chaeyoung, Dahyun, and Nayeon was released, revealing a part of the song's "question mark" point choreography. The following day, a third music video teaser clip featuring Momo, Sana, and Jeongyeon was uploaded. On April 5, a fourth music video teaser clip featuring Jihyo, Tzuyu, and Mina was released. On April 6, a fifth music video teaser clip featuring all Twice members was released, revealing a snippet of the title track. On April 7, the group uploaded an album highlight medley featuring snippets for all tracks. On April 8, Twice revealed the cover image for the album's digital release.
The EP was released as a digital download on various music sites on April 9 while the physical album was released the following day. "Stuck", which was initially a "CD-only" track on the physical album, was released digitally on April 30.
On July 9, the group released an expanded reissue for the EP titled "Summer Nights", which was supported by the lead single "Dance The Night Away".
Composition.
"What Is Love?" is an EP consisting of six tracks overall. The title track "What Is Love?" is written and produced by Park Jin-young, is classified as a "hyper-pop" dance song that crosses over the trap genre, which lyrically talks about one's imaginations and curiosities regarding love, while ever only learning about it through books, movies, or television dramas. "Sweet Talker", written by members Jeongyeon and Chaeyoung, heavily features synth music mixed with percussions. "Ho!" is penned by Jihyo, and is described as a summer pop song that emphasizes a brass-driven band arrangement. "Deja Vu" is classified as a pop song that makes use of a "la la la"-worded hook and features a dubstep break. "Say Yes" is an acoustic-driven pop track with heavy influence from R&amp;B while featuring the group's distinctive ballad sound. 
The album's closing track, "Stuck", lyrically describes the feeling of falling in love. The track's lyricist took inspiration from the relationship between Twice and their fans.
Promotion.
On the day of the album's release, Twice members Jeongyeon, Sana, and Tzuyu made an appearance on the KBS2 public talk show "Hello Counselor", wherein they performed a part of the title track "What Is Love?" for the first time in live broadcast. Later that day, all members of the group then held a live showcase at the Yes24 Live Hall in Gwangjang-dong, Seoul wherein they performed the full song for the first time. 
The group promoted their album in several South Korean music programs, starting with their appearance on "M Countdown" on April 12, 2018. They also made performances on KBS2's "Music Bank" on April 13, MBC's "Show! Music Core" on April 14, SBS' "Inkigayo" on April 15, and on MBC M's "Show Champion" on April 18 wherein the title track received its first music show win, among other performance dates. Music show promotions for "What Is Love?" ended on April 29. The title track achieved a total of 12 music show wins, with its last win being on "Inkigayo" in its episode aired on May 6.
Twice also made an appearance on "You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook" in its broadcast on April 15 wherein they performed "What Is Love?". They also performed the album's title track on a special broadcast of "M Countdown" for KCON Japan 2018 on April 19.
Critical reception.
Josh Shim of "The Kraze" magazine left a positive review for the EP, giving it a rating of 9.5 out of 10 points, stating that ""What Is Love?" may be Twice’s best mini-album since their glorious debut EP "The Story Begins", and it’s because it shows the most growth among all the group’s releases so far." He further praised the production work for all the tracks, and described the album to be among the group's most cohesive releases overall. Music review site "Popfection" gave the EP a rating of 8.6 out of 10 points, describing it to be a "very solid release and comeback" from the group, while citing the title track alongside "Sweet Talker" and "Ho!" to be the album's highlights. Editor Nicole Moraleda of "The South China Morning Post Youngpost" described the album's track list as having "strong memorable hooks and cool soul-pop vibes", while further describing the EP to have dug further than conventional love songs.
Music review site "Vibes of Silence" gave a more lukewarm review for the EP, giving it a rating of 6.5 out of 10 points, praising the album's cohesiveness but pointing out the need for more versatility from the group.
Commercial performance.
On April 4, 2018, it was reported that pre-order sales for "What Is Love?" reached over 350,000 copies, surpassing the pre-order sales numbers achieved by Twice's full-length album "Twicetagram" which exceeded 330,000 pre-order copies. Upon release, the album debuted at number 2 on Gaon Album Chart while the title track topped the Gaon Digital Chart. The album also entered both the Oricon Albums and Japan Digital Albums charts at numbers 2 and 3 respectively. The EP and its title track both entered the Billboard World Albums and World Digital Song Sales charts at number 3 respectively. "What Is Love?" was also Twice's first album to enter on the Billboard Independent Albums chart ranked at number 35.
"What Is Love?" became the third best-selling album in South Korea for the month of April, selling 335,235 copies. With this, Twice became the first female artist—and the fifth overall act—to earn a Platinum certification from the Korea Music Content Association for reaching sales of over 250,000 copies since certifications began in 2018. By year-end, the EP became the tenth best-selling album in South Korea in 2018, reaching 348,797 copies sold.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from album liner notes.
Locations.
Recording
Mixing
Mastering
Photography

</doc>
<doc id="56970490" url="?curid=56970490" title="Kerry's paradox">
Kerry's paradox


</doc>
<doc id="56970492" url="?curid=56970492" title="Alexander Jesaulenko">
Alexander Jesaulenko


</doc>
<doc id="56970501" url="?curid=56970501" title="Inanna's Descent into the Underworld">
Inanna's Descent into the Underworld


</doc>
<doc id="56970522" url="?curid=56970522" title="Got a lot of mouths to feed">
Got a lot of mouths to feed


</doc>
<doc id="56970537" url="?curid=56970537" title="Population of ancient Rome">
Population of ancient Rome


</doc>
<doc id="56970546" url="?curid=56970546" title="Columbia Basin (Region)">
Columbia Basin (Region)


</doc>
<doc id="56970564" url="?curid=56970564" title="Mental health in the United States">
Mental health in the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56970571" url="?curid=56970571" title="Parish of Enmore">
Parish of Enmore


</doc>
<doc id="56970574" url="?curid=56970574" title="Word gap">
Word gap

The term 30-million-word gap (often shortened to just word gap) was originally coined by Betty Hart and Todd R. Risley in their book "Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experience of Young American Children", and subsequently reprinted in the article "The Early Catastrophe: The 30 Million Word Gap by Age 3". In their study of 42 Midwestern families, Hart and Risley physically recorded an hour's worth of language in each home once a month over 2½ years. Families were classified by socioeconomic status (SES) into "high" (professional), "middle/low" (working class) and "welfare" SES. They found that the average child in a professional family hears 2,153 words per waking hour, the average child in a working-class family hears 1,251 words per hour, and an average child in a welfare family only 616 words per hour. Extrapolating, they stated that, "in four years, an average child in a professional family would accumulate experience with almost 45 million words, an average child in a working-class family 26 million words, and an average child in a welfare family 13 million words."
The authors found a correlation between word exposure and the rate of vocabulary acquisition in the subject children. The recordings showed that high-SES toddlers spoke approximately two new words a day between their second and third birthdays, middle-/low-SES children one word per day, and welfare SES children 0.5 words per day. Spoken words are a measure of productive vocabulary. It is thought that during children's vocabulary development the productive vocabulary mirrors their underlying receptive vocabulary growth.
The authors and subsequent researchers have posited that the word gap—or certainly the differing rates of vocabulary acquisition—partially explains the achievement gap in the United States, the persistent disparity in educational performance among subgroups of U.S. students, especially subgroups defined by socioeconomic status and race.
History of language gap research.
Before Hart &amp; Risley.
Prior to the 30-million-word-gap study, extensive research had noted strong institutional variation in student success on standardized tests. The initial attention to achievement gap started with a 1966 publication from the U.S. Department of Education titled "Equality of Educational Opportunity." The publication begins the onset of achievement gap by acknowledging that there is a great disparity within educational outcomes as a result of inequitable institutions, especially those that were not seen as part of the purview of schools such as cultural, socioeconomic, and linguistic realities of students at home. The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) had further been used to census information that various studies used to show achievement gaps across a number of demographics. The idea of equity in education had also given rise to similar gap discourse around the world.
Hart &amp; Risley's contribution.
Hart and Risley (2003) spent 2½ years observing 42 families for an hour each month to learn what typical home life was like for 1- and 2-year-old children. The families were grouped into 4 variables, upper SES, middle SES, lower SES and just a few that were on welfare. The middle- and low-SES families were grouped in the final analysis. They found that by age 3 children in welfare families had a vocabulary of 525 words where children in upper-SES families had vocabulary of 1,116 words. They also found that the children in upper-class families were learning vocabulary at a faster rate. The researchers suggested the reason for this difference is because the welfare children heard on average 616 words per hour where professional-family children heard on average 2,153 words per hour. Thus, proposing the 30-million-word gap. The achievement gap is explained as a result of the language gap, in that because children are lacking in their vocabulary and literary skills, they will not be as successful in academics. Hart and Risley argue this is an indispensable societal concern because it sets the child at a disadvantage for not being exposed to more vocabulary skills at a young age.
Socioeconomic status studies.
Fernald, Marchman, and Weisleder (2013) conducted a study with 48 children from diverse backgrounds ages 18–24 months old. The families were divided into low SES (socioeconomic status) and high SES. Their first goal was to track developmental changes in processing efficiency in relation to vocabulary learning. Their second goal was to examine difference in aspects of early language development in relation to their SES. Their results showed that children at the same age from the lower-class families had lower vocabulary scores when compared to children in higher class families. Fernald et al. (2013) also found that by 18 months old language processing and vocabulary disparities were already evident, and by 24 months old there was a 6-month gap between the SES groups in processing skills critical to language development. Fernald et al. found fast reaction time as a child can translate into reaction time as an adult. Adults who have high reaction time tend to have better memories, reasoning abilities, language skills and are better able to learn new skills (fluid intelligence). Having better processing speed means having a stronger working memory, and a stronger working memory leads to a better cognitive competence. The authors express the importance of vocabulary knowledge because it sets a foundation for later literacy and language proficiency in preschool and that is predictive of academic success. Implications of long term developmental trajectories. Thus, the issue of the language gap and achievement gap are prevalent in our youth, which can be resolved by teaching families how to work and speak with their children.
Educational system studies.
Sperry, Sperry, and Miller (2018) replicated Hart and Risley's study and found that the number of word gaps varied within the same backgrounds of socio-economic status. A longitudinal study observed families with their children in their homes and the researchers spoke to the participants as if they were a family friend. They used similar social classes as HR for comparison. Middle class, working class, lower class, poor "welfare" group. During the visit, three analyses were made and transcribed for research. The first was how many words the primary caregiver spoke to the child. The second was that the words spoken by all caregivers to the child showed social class alone did not determine either the composition of households or consequently the amount of a speech a child heard. Lastly, all ambient speech, like language addressed to other individuals but overheard by language learning children was considered. In the poor community sample when you took into consideration the ambient speech, or the words that primary caregivers said to extended family, the number of words a child hears increased by 54%, in the working class by 210%. This study was the first attempt to replicate Hart and Risley and their findings did not support the previous claims. Given the variation within communities was greater than when simply comparing socioeconomic statuses.
Garcia and Otheguy (2016) were interested in the origins and validity of the Language Gap, and how the preconceptions of it impact bilingual and bidialectical children, specifically from Latino and Black backgrounds. They focused more so on how people talk about and understand language as a whole, especially within the education system. Their argument claims language is a semiotic process that involves sound, touch, and gestures and should be seen as a translanguaging-internalist perspective. She offers historical context to give insight to the creation of the Language Gap and the biases it may hold. They suggest it began when "Brown vs The Board of Education" (1954) and the Civil Rights Act (1964) made it illegal to judge based on one's color or race; thus, exclusions needed to be made based on another trait. They build on Flores and Rosas' (2017) idea of raciolinguistics that suggests a new way to separate whites and non-whites. They continue to give historical context on the Achievement Gap in that it was a result of the No Child Left Behind Act (2001), despite its good intentions, it compared every race and background on a standardized test written in a White monolingual way. Given the educational system functions on the dominant groups of society (i.e. white, Standardized English, middle-upper class), it ignores the linguistic and cultural practices of minorities. The theory here is that it is not that families of differing backgrounds are not adequate in teaching their children how to speak, but teach them a different linguistic culture at home than the one taught in schools.
Similarly, Johnson (2015) draws on from Faltis (2006) socialization mismatch hypothesis that the culture of the schooling system that is based around middle to upper class, White, Standardized English principles do not match the language socialization of backgrounds that may not fit into these categories. He argues the Language Gap was not a result of vocabulary or literary deficiency in a child, but rather not understanding the language socialization of different cultural backgrounds. He drew from a previous linguistic anthropologist Hymes (1972) term of "communicative competence" in that social expectations within a speech community shape the member's use of language. Thus, diverse backgrounds in language have a different set of expectations that a member conforms to. As language differs, so does the developmental process. Johnson (2015) argues the Language Gap is not fair because it does not consider the various ways children use words and create meaning. Therefore, it is not the parents at fault leading their children to fall behind, but the school's fault for not accommodating to children's backgrounds.Thus, the Language Gap is not a result of a child's capabilities to understand, but a result of how a linear function of language ignores the needs of the various ways to make meaning.
Criticisms.
Hart and Risley's research has been criticised by scholars. Paul Nation criticises the methodology, noting that comparing the tokens (words produced) and number of types (number of different words) in unequal samples is not comparing vocabulary sizes. This is to say that the high socio-economic status samples naturally had a greater number of word types due to the greater number of tokens, because Hart and Risley extrapolated from tokens to an assumed greater number of types, but did not individually assess the number of types. The vocabulary sizes were cumulative, when it is possible that some new words produced were words that had been learnt in a previous month. In fact, Hart and Risley found no major differences in the "quality" of language produced between the different socio-economic groups.
Other critics theorize that the language and achievement gaps are not a result of the amount of words a child is exposed to, but rather alternative theories suggest it could derive from the disconnect of linguistic practices between home and school. Thus, judging academic success and linguistic capabilities from socioeconomic status may ignore bigger societal issues. The ongoing word gap discourse can be seen as a modern movement in educational discussion.
A recent replication of Hart and Risley's study with more participants has found that the "word gap" may be closer to 4 million words, not the oft-cited 30 million words previously proposed.
Hart and Risley's research has also been criticised for its racial bias, with the majority of the welfare families and working-class families being African American.
Implications.
Social implications.
There are possible social implications to Hart and Risley's theories of the issue of the Language Gap in society. The first possible implication is that this Language Gap is affecting youth's success because they are not exposed to the same amount of vocabulary and literary skill as other kids from middle-upper classes. Hart and Risely suggest that possible solutions include interventions on how to improve vocab and literary skills for caregivers in low SES. However, the second possible implication of this theory is that it ignores the fact that language and culture are taught differently. In stating other backgrounds cannot be as successful as the dominant groups in society, It reinstates the homogeneity of language, in that it proposes one "true" way of speaking.
Garcia and Otheguy (2016) implies the Language and Achievement Gap derive from racist ideals that reinforce the idea that some cultures are seen as "disadvantaged". To place the blame on different backgrounds is to invalidate their way to make meaning just because they have different cultures. Thus, to not consider the responsibility of the schooling system is to promote the homogeneity of Standardized English and this notion that anyone who does not speak or understand it is inferior and prone to future failure. Garcia argues it deligitimatizes backgrounds of families and their linguistic and cultural practices because it is not seen to be "successful" in the eyes of the education system.
Political implications.
Sperry, Sperry and Miller discussed some of the consequences of the original Hart and Risley (2003) article. The 30-million-word gap has received widespread media attention. In 2013 Bloomberg Philanthropies mayors challenge awarded providence Rhode Island its grand prize to "providence talks"—a project proposed to teach poor parents how to speak to their children with the aid of the LENADevice. The Clinton foundations "Too Small to Fail" initiative which hosted the White House Word Gap event in 2014, resulted in the US department of Health and Human services funding remedial efforts to address the Word Gap.
In addition, Georgia has a policy "Talk with Me Baby" that is a public action strategy aimed at increasing the number of words children are exposed to in early childhood. "Talk With Me Baby" is a program that provides professional development of nurses, who will then coach new parents how they should talk to their children. This program is funded by Greater United Way of Atlanta.
The University of Chicago, School of Medicine's Thirty Million Words Initiative provides intervention for caregivers and teaches to show them how to optimize their talk with their kids. This program is funded by the PNC Foundation.
Gap discourse.
The Word Gap theory can be seen as part of a larger development in modern educational reform and movement: the Achievement Gap discourse. It is widely accepted and noted by scholars that ideas around individual outcome in schools varies based on various demographics. Explaining variations in achievement in schools across levels of demographics that may result in a gap in student achievement has become the primary problems public schools have to address. The Discourse is based on evidence and assumptions of why primarily poor students of color do not perform at the same levels as their more affluent White and certain Asian group counterparts—it creates language to how schools and communities can be organized more optimally to help students and schools produce more equitable and successful outcomes. The Achievement Gap also addresses a gender gap achievement, and standardized test score gaps broadly across countries, notably with standardized examinations on STEM subjects. The Discourse can also be seen as a turning away from traditional explanations of performance in school as individualistic, to the creation of cultural framework understanding to help explain what conventions hinder and produce successful students. "Under performing, adequate yearly progress (AYP), highly qualified, below basic, and proficient" are some terms used to mark good and bad aspects of schools, their teachers, and their students which in turn reifies the Achievement Gap theory. As a broader Discourse, it is an idea which is multimodally shared and accepted as common belief between parents, policy makers, teachers and students through various means according to James Paul Gee's idea of Discourse in socio-linguistic analysis.
The effects of the Achievement Gap Discourse cause several cultural phenomena—"cultural gate-keeping," in which policy makers and education reformers decide and label students as more or less capable and worthy than others. Schools might be called under-performing, which can further affect the policy and financing prescribed by their districts, or even higher authorities.
Using metric standards to understand the cause in Achievement Gap as a result of ineffective cultural practices also tends to place blame on the families unless there is ample socio-linguistic inquiry to individual family circumstance, which still often creates a Discourse against deemed underachieving students' culture.
The Achievement Gap Discourse initiated with two primary modes in American educational studies: Achievement Gap among races, and gap among socioeconomic status (SES). "The gap Discourse" does not typically extend across generations or other forms of demographics that have been studied, and further study of Achievement Gap among different dimensions faces the initial stigmatization as a result of the gap Discourse in various studies around the turn of the 21st century, pin-headed by the 30-million-word gap. Among critics are many linguists, anthropologists, and social discipline specialists, as well as organizations such as the Linguistic Society of America.
The achievement gap became an especially strong interest for study in the turn of the century, and the early 2000s when a plethora of studies looked at factors such as standardized test scores, presence in class, GPA, enrollment, and dropout rates in secondary and post-secondary education. The problem came in the analyses of the studies which were criticized for looking at race and socioeconomic explanations to explain educational outcome without taking into account others such as S. J. Lee, 2005, Pang, Kiang, &amp; Pak, 2004, and Rothstein 2004 which provided broad postulations as to why race and SES accounted for varied success. President George W. Bush's administration's No Child Left Behind rhetoric of 2001 and 2002 left researchers limited to the type of research they could conduct for educational equity due to a need to appease policy makers among educational stakeholders. According to Roderick L Carey, Word Gap researcher, the NCLB "mandated objective and quantitative ‘scientifically based' research, which left little room for qualitative research agendas that unpack contextual factors that add nuance to the understandings of how high-stakes accountability is felt and lived by students, teachers, and their families." The rhetoric also posed ideas that placed responsibility of achievement in institutions on their most proximal function oriented members, shifting responsibility to achieve positive outcomes on high-stakes standardized tests nearly entirely on teachers and schools, whilst the difference in achievement was largely believed to be due to factors outside of the classroom. Various studies culminated to suggest general and vague underlying problems within specific communities which caused deficit in learning outcomes under this context.
Among these studies, Hart and Risley stumbled upon the idea of word gap when working with youth who used cochlear implants, to form their idea: they hypothesized exposure to spoken word might explain an achievement gap in standardized test scores, then used standardized testing data on language as well as an in depth study to conclude their 30-million-word-gap publication.
Additional information.
Word Gap internationally.
The "Oxford Word Gap" is used to describe the word gap found between races and socioeconomic classes in the United Kingdom. The report study "Why Closing the Word Gap Matters: Oxford Language Report" details out statistics collected in primary and secondary schools in the United Kingdom, along the same ideas as the American Word Gap idea, citing "Hart and Risley (2003)" in the report. It was published in 2018, so all of its implications are yet to be seen.
A great number of states have paid attention to Achievement Gap across hundreds of criteria including demographics, access to language and economic resources and race around the world: notably in the United Kingdom, France, South Africa as named in one comparative analysis. UNESCO has held strongly in its principles the importance on aspects of educational equity, and other educational movements similar to that of the United States Word Gap are numerous throughout Europe and some other members of UNESCO. Europe also has its own varied standards on the ideas of multilingual competence per state, which stress the apprehension and exposure to secondary language vocabulary in students of all ages.
Other word gaps.
The word gap has largely been defined to mean the idea of the observed gap between the spoken and read language in the specific context of American education reform in the context of Hart and Risley; however, other proposed ideas or active research have used it to describe differences in access to language varieties experienced in public settings, such as signage in Orellana, 2017's "Another Type of Word Gap", as well as other linguistic resources such as using media for language acquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="56970576" url="?curid=56970576" title="Parish of Frost">
Parish of Frost

Frost Parish is a civil parish of Narromine County, New South Wales
Frost Parish is on "Yellow Creek", south of Narromine, New South Wales and is located at 32°13′54″S 148°08′04″E.
The cargo transporting Parkes–Narromine railway line passes through Frost Parish with two (disused) stations at Fairview and Narwonah railway stations.
The economy of Frost Parish is mainly based on broad acre agriculture including sheep, cattle and wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="56970577" url="?curid=56970577" title="Parish of Gilmour">
Parish of Gilmour

Gilmour, New South Wales is a civil parish of Narromine County located at 32°33′54″S 148°05′04″E on the Bogan River.
History.
The traditional owners of the district were Wiradjuri people.
Gold was discovered at the Tomingley Gold Fields in the west of the parish during the 19th century, however today the economy of Gilmour Parish is mainly based on broad acre agricultureincluding sheep, cattle and wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="56970579" url="?curid=56970579" title="Parish of Gradell">
Parish of Gradell


</doc>
<doc id="56970582" url="?curid=56970582" title="Parish of Hervey">
Parish of Hervey

Hervey, New South Wales is a civil parish Narromine County west of Peak Hill, New South Wales. The Parish of Hervey is in Parkes Shire located at 32°42′54″S 148°17′04″E.
The only settlement in the parish is Trewilga, New South Wales, and the economy is based in broad acre agriculture. The traditional owners of the area were the Wiradjuri people.

</doc>
<doc id="56970583" url="?curid=56970583" title="Parish of Nelson (Narromine County)">
Parish of Nelson (Narromine County)


</doc>
<doc id="56970585" url="?curid=56970585" title="Parish of Waterloo">
Parish of Waterloo


</doc>
<doc id="56970587" url="?curid=56970587" title="Parish of Cowal">
Parish of Cowal


</doc>
<doc id="56970589" url="?curid=56970589" title="30 million word gap">
30 million word gap


</doc>
<doc id="56970609" url="?curid=56970609" title="List of emerging display technologies">
List of emerging display technologies


</doc>
<doc id="56970615" url="?curid=56970615" title="Ribes sect. Symphyocalyx">
Ribes sect. Symphyocalyx


</doc>
<doc id="56970617" url="?curid=56970617" title="Pat The Bunny Schneeweis">
Pat The Bunny Schneeweis


</doc>
<doc id="56970636" url="?curid=56970636" title="Geraldine (1929 film)">
Geraldine (1929 film)

Geraldine is a 1929 American romantic comedy film, directed by Melville Brown. It stars Marian Nixon, Eddie Quillan, and Albert Gran, and was released on January 20, 1929.
Preservation.
Prints of "Geraldine" are preserved in the French archive Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée in Fort de Bois-d'Arcy and the Danish Film Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="56970643" url="?curid=56970643" title="Vacation in Hell">
Vacation in Hell

Vacation in Hell is the second studio album by the American hip hop trio Flatbush Zombies. The album was released on April 6, 2018, through their own independent record label, Glorious Dead Recordings. The album received acclaim from critics who praised the album’s musical scope and the trio’s lyrics.
Cover art.
The cover art of "Vacation in Hell" is inspired by a picture of Jimi Hendrix. Jimi Hendrix was posing together with the fellow members of The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Noel Redding and Mitch Mitchell, between two naked women in that particular picture.
Critical reception.
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 79 based on 4 reviews. Pitchfork gave the album a 7.1 out of 10 saying, "there will never be a shortage of New York rappers penning lifeless stan raps, and if hip-hop wants them around, it’s fine. But Flatbush Zombies have more to offer. Across Vacation in Hell, flashes of lucidity spirit the Zombies outside of their stiffened corpses and evoke a world of camaraderie and brotherhood amid loss and sacrifice."Exclaim! gave Vacation In Hell a 9 out of 10 saying, "Overall, the trio showcase legend influences in their lines, while still authentically being themselves."
Commercial performance.
The album sold 27,140 album-equivalent units (12,921 pure) in the first week, debuting at number 11 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
Track listing.
All tracks produced by Erick Arc Elliott, except where noted.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="56970649" url="?curid=56970649" title="Vacation In Hell">
Vacation In Hell


</doc>
<doc id="56970671" url="?curid=56970671" title="Clinton Blankenbeker House">
Clinton Blankenbeker House

The Clinton Blankenbeker House, at 7414 US 42 in Florence, Kentucky, is a historic house built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The listing also included two other contributing buildings and a contributing structure.
It is a one-and-a-half-story common bond brick house. It was deemed "a good example of the Craftsman/Bungalow style, significant to Boone County in the period 1905-1930. The garage, chicken coop, and well head are important outbuildings and related resources which define the architecture space and function of houses during the period of significance."

</doc>
<doc id="56970673" url="?curid=56970673" title="Marius Giacobbi">
Marius Giacobbi

Jules Joseph François Marius Giacobbi (14 September 1846 – 11 December 1919) was a French lawyer and politician who was deputy or senator for Corsica from 1898 to 1919.
Early years (1846–98).
Marius Giacobbi was born on 14 September 1846 in Lugo-de-Venaco (Venaco), Corsica.
His parents were Giuseppe Maria Giacobbi (1803–1870), an advocate and historian, and Elise Annonciade Angeli (1821–1890).
Giacobbi became mayor of Venaco and then general councillor for Venaco.
On 25 March 1895 he married Marie Appolonie Stefani (born 1873) in Venaco.
Their son Paul Joseph Marie Giacobbi() was born on 18 March 1896 in Venaco.
His other children included François Marie Charles Formose de Lugo Giacobbi (born 1897) and Faustine Giacobbi.
First term as deputy (1898–1903).
On 8 May 1898 Giacobbi ran for election as deputy of Corte against the incumbent Luce de Casabianca().
Both were Republican, but Giacobbi was further to the left.
He won in the first round by 6,841 votes against 4,781 for Casabianca.
The election was contested, but was eventually admitted.
Giacobbi sat on the committees for the colonies, navigation and fishing, and in 1899 was a member of the committee on administrative economies.
He did not often speak in public.
He was reelected on 27 April 1902 by a clear margin.
Senator (1903–12).
Giacobbi ran for election to the Senate in the triennial renewal of 4 January 1903 and was elected by 643 out of 774 voters.
He sat with the democratic left.
As in the chamber of deputies, he was more active in committees than in debates.
He was a member of the committees on the colonies and the navy.
He ran for reelection to the senate on 7 January 1912 but was defeated, with only 211 out of 776 votes.
Second term as deputy (1914–19).
On 26 April 1914 Giacobbi again ran for election to the legislature.
He obtained 4,258 out of 9,970 votes in the first round, then on 10 May 1914 won 5,773 votes to 4,934 for his opponent Benedetti.
In the chamber his main effort was in the navy committee, but he was also a member of the social insurance committee, and after World War I (1914–18) of the committee on liberated regions.
He suffered from illness throughout this last legislature and was often forced to take leave from the chamber.
Marius Giacobbi died on 11 December 1919 in his home town of Venaco at the age of 73.
Venaco had a mayor named Giacobbi for 120 years from 1878, with an interlude between 1919 and 1922, including Marius, his son, grandson and great grandson.
Marius Giacobbi's son Paul Giacobbi was a minister several times during the French Fourth Republic.
Paul's son François Giacobbi was a deputy, senator and under-secretary of state.
His son, Paul Giacobbi, was also a deputy until 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56970693" url="?curid=56970693" title="2018 Australian ball tampering scandal">
2018 Australian ball tampering scandal


</doc>
<doc id="56970703" url="?curid=56970703" title="Giorgio Doria Pamphilj Landi">
Giorgio Doria Pamphilj Landi

Giorgio Doria Pamphilj Landi (17 November 1772 – 16 November 1837) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
He was born in Rome, Italy to the prominent Genoese family of Doria-Pamphili-Landi. He was distantly related to Pope Innocent X (1574-1655). Giorgio had two uncles, Antonio Maria and Giuseppe Maria, and one grand-uncle, also named Giorgio (1708-1759), who also served as cardinals.
The Younger Giorgio was first ordained a priest on 17 November 1804. He was elevated by Pope Pope Pius VII to be a Cardinal In pectore on 8 March 1816, and not elevated to the position until 22 July 1816. He was appointed Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Rites in 1771. He participated in the conclave of 1823, 1829, and 1830–1831.

</doc>
<doc id="56970709" url="?curid=56970709" title="Mario Marefoschi Compagnoni">
Mario Marefoschi Compagnoni


</doc>
<doc id="56970710" url="?curid=56970710" title="Orton Keyes">
Orton Keyes

Orton F. Keyes (February 14, 1895 – October 1, 1983) was an American college football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Wisconsin–Platteville from 1921 to 1926, compiling a record of 15–24–4.

</doc>
<doc id="56970715" url="?curid=56970715" title="Auger snail">
Auger snail


</doc>
<doc id="56970718" url="?curid=56970718" title="Columbia Basin (region)">
Columbia Basin (region)


</doc>
<doc id="56970719" url="?curid=56970719" title="Syndergaard">
Syndergaard


</doc>
<doc id="56970720" url="?curid=56970720" title="19-Nor-5-Androstene-3,17-diol">
19-Nor-5-Androstene-3,17-diol


</doc>
<doc id="56970722" url="?curid=56970722" title="19-Nor-5-androstene-3,17-diol">
19-Nor-5-androstene-3,17-diol


</doc>
<doc id="56970723" url="?curid=56970723" title="19-Norandrost-5-ene-3,17-diol">
19-Norandrost-5-ene-3,17-diol


</doc>
<doc id="56970724" url="?curid=56970724" title="19-norandrost-5-ene-3,17-diol">
19-norandrost-5-ene-3,17-diol


</doc>
<doc id="56970727" url="?curid=56970727" title="19-nor-5-androstene-3,17-diol">
19-nor-5-androstene-3,17-diol


</doc>
<doc id="56970738" url="?curid=56970738" title="Charles Lichty Miller">
Charles Lichty Miller

Charles Lichty Miller (born December 1, 1887) was an American college football player and coach at Haverford College in Haverford, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="56970739" url="?curid=56970739" title="17-hydroxyandrostan-3-one">
17-hydroxyandrostan-3-one


</doc>
<doc id="56970742" url="?curid=56970742" title="17-Hydroxyandrostan-3-one">
17-Hydroxyandrostan-3-one


</doc>
<doc id="56970744" url="?curid=56970744" title="17-hydroxyestran-3-one">
17-hydroxyestran-3-one


</doc>
<doc id="56970746" url="?curid=56970746" title="17-Hydroxyestran-3-one">
17-Hydroxyestran-3-one


</doc>
<doc id="56970755" url="?curid=56970755" title="Yeh Yao-peng">
Yeh Yao-peng

Yeh Yao-peng (; born 3 October 1942) is a Taiwanese politician. He was a member of the Legislative Yuan, served on National Assembly, and was twice appointed to the Control Yuan.
Political career.
Yeh was elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1992, and stepped down in 1995 upon leaving the Democratic Progressive Party. Subsequently, he was succeeded by . The next year, President Lee Teng-hui nominated Yeh to the Control Yuan. In 1997, Yeh helped Hou You-yi and Frank Hsieh resolve the Alexander family hostage crisis. Yeh left the Control Yuan in 1999. He called for either President Chen Shui-bian or Premier Chang Chun-hsiung to resign in January 2001, as the Executive Yuan had issued an order to end work on the Longmen Nuclear Power Plant without consulting the legislature. Yeh ran as an independent in the legislative elections of 2001, and was defeated. Yeh then invested in Tsingtao Beer. In March 2004, Yeh faced Lo Chih-ming in debates about the cross-strait referendum to be held later that month. In October 2004, Yeh was named to a committee convened to investigate the 3-19 shooting incident. After the Judicial Yuan ruled to reduce the committee's powers in December, Yeh stated that "justice was interfering with the legislature." He was elected to the National Assembly as a representative of the People First Party in 2005, and subsequently granted a seat on the presidium of its fourth convocation. Yeh later became a political commentator.
The Kuomintang nominated Yeh to a second term on the Control Yuan in March 2007. He was renominated in September 2008, after the Ma Ying-jeou administration took office, and confirmed in November 2008. In 2009, Yeh co-wrote impeachment charges against Lin Ling-san, voted to censure the Ministry of National Defense over its handling of Justin Yifu Lin's 1979 defection, and took lead roles investigating Taiwan High Speed Rail and damage from Typhoon Morakot. In 2011, Yeh accepted a petition from the Public Television Service against the Government Information Office. He also participated on reviews of martial law, as well as probes of alleged corruption within Taipei City Government regarding the Xinsheng Overpass project and the International Flora Exposition.
In February 2012, Yeh and the Judicial Yuan began investigating Tsai Ing-wen's ties to the former Yu Chang Biologics Company. Though the Judicial Yuan ended its involvement that August, Yeh's probe continued, aided by colleagues and Ma Hsiu-ru. As the Yu Chang case was pending, Yeh turned his attention to Lin Hsi-shan's investments, resulting in his impeachment. Yeh next participated in impeachment proceedings against Taipower executives, then reviewed housing restrictions placed on people accused of crimes. In August 2012, Yeh himself was investigated by the Special Investigation Division of the Ministry of Justice. Later that year, Yeh received a petition to review the death penalty. In February 2013, he announced the Control Yuan's decision to censure the Ministry of Economic Affairs for its failure to review contracts signed by China Steel, which led to Lin Yi-shih facing accusations of bribery. The Control Yuan issued a verdict on the Yu Chang case in October 2013, deciding to censure Tsai Ing-wen. Before he stepped down in 2014, Yeh led a discussion on the statute of limitations for Justin Yifu Lin, and helped Lee Fu-tien and Lin Chu-liang review the implementation of the Communication Security and Surveillance Act.

</doc>
<doc id="56970758" url="?curid=56970758" title="I Tonya">
I Tonya


</doc>
<doc id="56970776" url="?curid=56970776" title="Europace">
Europace


</doc>
<doc id="56970784" url="?curid=56970784" title="Melton Field">
Melton Field

Melton Field was built on the campus of the University of South Carolina in 1926 and named in honor of the university's former president, William Davis Melton. It served as the primary home of the University of South Carolina Gamecocks football team from 1926 until Columbia Municipal Stadium was built in 1934.The Gamecocks generally played home games at Melton Field except for their annual game against Clemson, which was played at a 15,000 seat wooden stadium at Columbia's fairgrounds. 
The site is currently occupied by the Russell House University Union and the Callcott Social Sciences Center on the University of South Carolina's main campus.

</doc>
<doc id="56970794" url="?curid=56970794" title="Elias S. Kimball">
Elias S. Kimball

Elias S. Kimball (30 May 1857, Salt Lake City – 13 June 1934) was the first Mormon U.S. Army chaplain and first in any branch of the United States military. He served in the Spanish–American War with the Second Army Corps Volunteer Engineer Regiment after an appointment to the rank of captain by U.S. President William McKinley around June 19, 1898. He was also a businessperson with his older brother, J. Golden Kimball. He was a member of the Utah Territorial legislature (Territorial Assembly) 1888–1889 and Logan, Utah city council 1883–1884. He was a president of the Southern States Mission after his brother J. Golden Kimball, and was named a Seventy by Joseph F. Smith in 1884 and 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="56970795" url="?curid=56970795" title="Aimable Joséphine (1809 ship)">
Aimable Joséphine (1809 ship)

Aimable Joséphine was launched in February 1809 and commissioned in January 1810 at Nantes. Captain Veillon sailed from Nantes in January 1810 with 108 men and 12 guns.
On 13 February 1810 "Lloyd's List" reported that the French privateer "Aimable Josephine" had captured the merchantman , Briant, master, as "Elizabeth" was sailing from Liverpool to Africa.
 captured "Aimable Joséphine" on 5 February. Captain the Honourable Frederick Aylmer, of "Narcissus" reported that she was armed with 14 guns and had a crew of 105 men.
"Aimable Josephine" was offered for sale by auction at Plymouth on 16 March 1810. Se was described as being quite new and pierced for 18 guns. 
Citations and references.
Citations
References

</doc>
<doc id="56970799" url="?curid=56970799" title="Zoran Milekić">
Zoran Milekić

Zoran Milekić (; born 1955) is a politician in Serbia. He was president of the municipality (i.e. mayor) of Kučevo from 2004 to 2016 and has served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2014 as a member of the Serbian Progressive Party.
Private career.
Milekić is a civil technician based in Kučevo.
Political career.
Milekić began his political career as a member of the far-right Serbian Radical Party but switched to the more centrist Progressives following a party split in 2008. He became mayor of Kučevo via a direct election in 2004 and was returned to the position following the municipal assembly elections of 2008 and 2012. He continues to serve as a member of the Kučevo municipal assembly as of 2018.
Milekić received the 103rd position on the Progressive Party's "Aleksandar Vučić — Future We Believe In" electoral list in the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected when the list won a landslide victory with 158 out of 250 mandates. He received the same position in the 2016 election and was re-elected when the list won a second consecutive majority with 131 mandates. Milekić is currently a member of the parliamentary committee on spatial planning, transport, infrastructure, and telecommunications, and a member Serbia's parliamentary friendship group with Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="56970805" url="?curid=56970805" title="Bryan Morse">
Bryan Morse

Bryan Woodward Morse (August 21, 1885 – January 23, 1939) was an American football, basketball, and track coach at George Washington University in Washington, D.C.. He was later a sportswriter and hunting and finishing columnist for "The Washington Herald". Morse died on January 23, 1939, in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="56970806" url="?curid=56970806" title="Grand Principality of Ryazan">
Grand Principality of Ryazan


</doc>
<doc id="56970815" url="?curid=56970815" title="Oleg Ivanovich of Ryazan (1335-1402)">
Oleg Ivanovich of Ryazan (1335-1402)


</doc>
<doc id="56970821" url="?curid=56970821" title="Grand Prince of Ryazan">
Grand Prince of Ryazan


</doc>
<doc id="56970833" url="?curid=56970833" title="Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok of Volhynia">
Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok of Volhynia


</doc>
<doc id="56970835" url="?curid=56970835" title="Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok of Volhynia (c1335-1399)">
Dmitri Mikhailovich Bobrok of Volhynia (c1335-1399)


</doc>
<doc id="56970838" url="?curid=56970838" title="Dreamland (Bennie K song)">
Dreamland (Bennie K song)

"Dreamland" is a Japanese-language song recorded by Japanese music duo Bennie K. It was released through For Life Music on June 8, 2005. The song was used in commercials for Coca-Cola, for which it was specifically written, starting in March 2005. It quickly gained in popularity, prompting Bennie K's management to be flooded with inquiries about a potential release date. Due to overwhelming fan demand and attention from the general public, Yuki and Cico reworked the song and released it as the lead single to their fourth studio album "Japana-rhythm". The single became Bennie K's most successful single, with multiformat sales of 3 million units.
Chart performance.
"Dreamland" debuted at number 2 on the Oricon Singles Chart with 112,000 copies sold, behind Orange Range's "Onegai! Señorita". It slid down to number 3 the following week where it stayed for three consecutive weeks, bringing its four-week total to just short of the 250,000 mark. The single spent three more weeks within the top ten, before falling off the top twenty a week later. "Dreamland" charted for twenty-five weeks on the Oricon Singles Chart, selling a reported total of 349,000 copies during its run. The single ranked at number 18 on the year-end chart and peaked at number 4 on the monthly chart, where it stayed for two straight months.

</doc>
<doc id="56970841" url="?curid=56970841" title="Oleg Ivanovich of Ryazan">
Oleg Ivanovich of Ryazan


</doc>
<doc id="56970848" url="?curid=56970848" title="Dmitri Ivanovich Donskoy">
Dmitri Ivanovich Donskoy


</doc>
<doc id="56970853" url="?curid=56970853" title="Easter Pogrom">
Easter Pogrom

The Easter Pogrom was a series of assaults on the Jewish populations of Warsaw and Kraków, Poland, between 22 and 30 March 1940, while Poland was occupied by the Germans in World War II. 
The incident was provoked by an allegation of a murder of a child who had stolen from Jews. The story caused violence against Jews despite appeals from Polish underground organizations for calm. The worst excesses took place in Warsaw's Powiśle and Praga districts. About 500 persons participated in the riots, including activists and sympathizers of the Polish collaborationist, pro-Nazi National Radical Organization (NOR). NOR's activists used the slogan, “Long live Poland without Jews."

</doc>
<doc id="56970856" url="?curid=56970856" title="Nancy K. Bereano">
Nancy K. Bereano

Nancy K. Bereano (born August 17, 1942) is an American editor and publisher. She founded Firebrand Books, an influential lesbian feminist press, in 1984 and ran it until her retirement in 2000.
Career.
She worked at the Crossing Press, an independent publisher, where she edited the Feminist Series for five years, publishing such books as Audre Lorde's "Sister Outsider", Marilyn Frye's "The Politics of Reality", and a reissue of Pat Parker's "Movement in Black". In the fall of 1984, Bereano left Crossing Press and started Firebrand Books; by the spring of 1985 she was issuing her first list: Pat Parker's "Jonestown and Other Madness", "Mohawk Trail" by Beth Brant, and "Moll Cutpurse, Her True History" by Ellen Galford.
In 1988, Bereano published Dorothy Allison's "Trash", which won two Lammy or Lambda Literary Awards in the categories of Lesbian Fiction and Small Press. Other notable titles on Firebrand's list include the "Dykes to Watch Out For" series by Alison Bechdel, "Stone Butch Blues" by Leslie Feinberg, and books by Jewelle Gomez, Minnie Bruce Pratt, and Cheryl Clarke. Firebrand won a total of four American Library Association Gay/Lesbian/Bisexual Book Awards and twelve Lambda Literary Awards. In 1996, Bereano won the Publisher's Service Award from the Lambda Literary Foundation.
In 2000, Bereano sold Firebrand Books to LPC Company, the distributor which had been selling her list for the previous five years. Firebrand's editorial and financial records were donated to the Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections at Cornell University.
Activism.
Bereano was instrumental in helping to secure the passage of LGBT anti-discrimination legislation for the City of Ithaca and Tompkins County. She is a founding member of the Tompkins County Working Group on LGBT Aging, a grassroots information and advocacy organization located in Ithaca, New York. She currently serves as a community representative on the City of Ithaca’s Workforce Diversity Committee and has been trained as a Talking Circles on Race and Racism facilitator.
Personal life.
Bereano's partner is Elisabeth Nonas, a playwright and an associate professor of Media Arts, Sciences, and Studies at Ithaca College. They live in Ithaca, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="56970862" url="?curid=56970862" title="Natalie De Lage Sumter">
Natalie De Lage Sumter


</doc>
<doc id="56970869" url="?curid=56970869" title="Meet the Missus (film)">
Meet the Missus (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56970873" url="?curid=56970873" title="Prospero Marefoschi">
Prospero Marefoschi

Prospero Marefoschi (24 September 1653 – 24 February 1732) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
He was born in Montesanto, now part of Potenza Picena, in the region of Marche, Italy. He was ordained as a deacon in 1709 and archbishop in 1711. He was made a cardinal by Pope Benedict XIII on 29 December 1724. He participated in the papal conclave of 1730.
Cardinal Mario Marefoschi was his nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="56970880" url="?curid=56970880" title="George Myrum">
George Myrum

George Bernard Myrum (November 4, 1897 – November 12, 1938) was an American college football, basketball, and baseball player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota from 1926 to 1938, compiling a record of 62–20–6.

</doc>
<doc id="56970896" url="?curid=56970896" title="Cartoon Network APAC">
Cartoon Network APAC


</doc>
<doc id="56970901" url="?curid=56970901" title="Boland 60hp V-8">
Boland 60hp V-8


</doc>
<doc id="56970903" url="?curid=56970903" title="Boland 70hp V-8">
Boland 70hp V-8


</doc>
<doc id="56970904" url="?curid=56970904" title="Boland 100hp V-8">
Boland 100hp V-8


</doc>
<doc id="56970907" url="?curid=56970907" title="Boland 125hp V-8">
Boland 125hp V-8


</doc>
<doc id="56970912" url="?curid=56970912" title="Boland Aeroplane and Motor Company">
Boland Aeroplane and Motor Company


</doc>
<doc id="56970916" url="?curid=56970916" title="Seo Jae-weong">
Seo Jae-weong


</doc>
<doc id="56970920" url="?curid=56970920" title="Jae Wong Seo">
Jae Wong Seo


</doc>
<doc id="56970926" url="?curid=56970926" title="Sharon Eubank">
Sharon Eubank

Sharon Eubank (born October 4, 1963) has been the first counselor in the Relief Society General Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since April 2017 and is also the director of Latter-day Saint Charities.
Early life and education.
Eubank was born in Redding, California, to Mark Eubank and Jean Tollack Eubank, and was primarily raised in Bountiful, Utah. The oldest of seven children, Eubank grew up picking apricots and repairing sprinklers on the family's 10-acre plot of land. Eubank's father worked as a meteorologist for KSL and taught his children about weather. Eubank earned a bachelor's degree in English and History from Brigham Young University (BYU). She served as a missionary for the LDS Church in Helsinki, Finland, from 1984 to 1986. Eubank struggled to learn Finnish, widely regarded as one of the most difficult languages to learn. Eubank recounts, "I told the Lord, if you will help me to learn Finnish, I will always use it to serve you."
Career.
Upon graduating from BYU, Eubank accepted a position teaching English in Suzuka, Japan. After returning to the United States, she moved to Washington, D.C., where she worked for four years as a legislative aid to U.S. senators Alan Simpson and Jake Garn. "Working in Washington, D.C., was a tremendous education for me," Eubank said. "I learned so much about the nature of compromise in government. I learned that surprisingly most things get done through relationships." 
Following her work in Washington, Eubank returned to Utah to start a business. She and her business partner sold educational toys and games for seven years before selling the business in 1998.
LDS Church employment.
Eubank has worked for the LDS Church's Welfare Department since 1998. Early in her career she oversaw the establishment of LDS employment offices in Africa and Europe. She took a hiatus from LDS Church employment and lived in Paris, France, from 2005 to 2007. She says of this time, "I had burned the candle at both ends in a very demanding job. I needed something a little more quiet, so I moved to France for a time. I was single, I had 20 years left in my career. I wanted to ponder to know what the Lord wanted me to do next." 
Returning to church employment in March 2007, she became the head of the Latter-day Saint Charities' Wheelchair initiative. In 2008 she became the regional director of Latter-day Saint Charities for the Middle East. She became the worldwide director of Latter-day Saint Charities in 2011. Since its founding in 1985, the organization has donated $2.3 billion worth of aid and assistance.
LDS Church service.
From 2009 to 2012, Eubank served on the Relief Society General Board, while Julie B. Beck was president. She has served as first counselor to Jean B. Bingham in the Relief Society General Presidency since April 2017. In 2017 she traveled to Uganda with Beck at the invitation of UNICEF. In 2020 she addressed the G20 Interfaith Forum hosted by Saudi Arabia, discussing disaster response, food supply chains, and involving faith communities in emergency preparation and response efforts. In 2020, Eubank joined a CROP hunger walk for the Church World Service to walk in solidarity against hunger.
Prior to her general church callings, Eubank served in her local congregation as a ward Young Women president, Relief Society president, Sunday School teacher, and Primary worker.
General conference addresses.
As of October 2020, Eubank has spoken three times in LDS Church general conference:
Personal interests.
Eubank enjoys spending time with her nieces and nephews. She also likes reading biographies, eating homemade pie, completing crossword puzzles, and camping.

</doc>
<doc id="56970928" url="?curid=56970928" title="Xingda Power Plant">
Xingda Power Plant


</doc>
<doc id="56970936" url="?curid=56970936" title="2004–05 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team">
2004–05 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team

The 2004–05 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team represented Stanford University in the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was Trent Johnson's first season with the Cardinal after Mike Montgomery left to join the NBA Golden State Warriors. The Cardinal were a member of the Pacific-10 Conference.
Previous Season.
The Cardinal finished the 2003-04 season 30-2 and ranked as high as #1. In Pac-10 play they finished 17-1, only losing to Washington in the last game of the regular season. The Cardinal won the Pac-10 Tournament defeating Washington State, next Oregon, and in the Finals a revenge win over Washington.
After finishing the regular season and Pac-10 Tournament with only one loss, the Cardinal punched their ticket to the NCAA Tournament after winning their tournament. In the NCAA Tournament they received a #1 seed in the Phoenix region facing off against the Southland Conference tournament champion UTSA. In the second round they faced the Alabama but lost to them 70-67.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Pac-10 Regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Pac-10 Tournament
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="56970938" url="?curid=56970938" title="Shonen Jump Alpha">
Shonen Jump Alpha


</doc>
<doc id="56970948" url="?curid=56970948" title="Serpent labret with articulated tongue">
Serpent labret with articulated tongue

The serpent labret with articulated tongue is a gold Aztec lip plug from the mid-second millennium AD. Made of a gold, copper and silver alloy, it was cast via the lost-wax process; the tongue, cast individually, can be retracted or extended, and swings from side to side with its wearer's movement. The serpent is thought to represent Xiuhcoatl. The labret entered the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art with a 2016 purchase, and is considered "perhaps the finest Aztec gold ornament to survive the crucibles of the sixteenth century".
Description.
The labret, which was worn in a piercing below the lower lip, is high, wide, deep, and weighs . It was cast via the lost-wax process, and is made of an alloy comprising 59.3 to 64.3% gold, 26.8 to 33.1% copper, and 7.5 to 8.8% silver. The tongue was cast as a separate piece, allowing it to be retracted or extended, and for it to swing from side to side with the movement of its wearer. The serpent is attached to a cylindrical plug, which has a wide and plain flange to hold the labret in place within the wearer's mouth. The piece is shaped like a serpent preparing to strike, with a curled eyebrow and snout, serrated teeth, and two fangs. Scales are represented below the lower jaw.
Provenance.
The labret is in the permanent collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, which purchased the piece in 2016. Previously it had been owned by Heath McClung Steele from 1937 to 1949, and then by his children until 1978. After being sold at Sotheby's in New York on 22 November 1978 it passed into the collection of Jay C. Leff until 1981, and subsequently the collections of Judith Small Nash and Peter G. Wray, the latter of whom held the labret until 1985. It was next owned by Herbert L. Lucas, through 2004, and then became part of a private New York collection until its sale to the Met.
Exhibitions.
The labret was displayed as part of the exhibition "Golden Kingdoms: Luxury Arts in the Ancient Americas", at the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles from 16 September 2017 through 28 January 2018, and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art as part of the exhibition "Golden Kingdoms: Luxury and Legacy in the Ancient Americas" from 26 February 2018 through 28 May.

</doc>
<doc id="56970952" url="?curid=56970952" title="Schuyler T. van Valkenburg">
Schuyler T. van Valkenburg


</doc>
<doc id="56970964" url="?curid=56970964" title="Raymond C. Morgan">
Raymond C. Morgan

Raymond Clyde Morgan (February 12, 1897 – February 5, 1953) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach of three different schools: Susquehanna University from 1926 to 1927, Lock Haven University from 1929 to 1930, and Murray State University in 1931, compiling a career college football coaching record of 20–21–1.

</doc>
<doc id="56970980" url="?curid=56970980" title="Big Story">
Big Story


</doc>
<doc id="56970985" url="?curid=56970985" title="Marcel Bacciarelli">
Marcel Bacciarelli


</doc>
<doc id="56970994" url="?curid=56970994" title="Renukacharya">
Renukacharya

Reṇukācārya (also known as Revaṇārādhya or Revaṇasiddha) was one of the five acharyas who came in the Kali Yuga to teach and preach Vīraśaivism. He is said to have been born from the Someśvara linga, but to have travelled all over India to teach Vīraśaivism. The Someśvara temples are located in Kollipāki or Kolanupaka in Aler City, Yadadri district, Telangana, India. 
Texts date this mythical saint to the time of the Rāmāyaṇa since he was the teacher of the great sage Agastya of Pañcāvati. This saint is said to have consecrated 30 million liṇgas at the behest of Rāvaṇā's brother, Vibhīṣaṇa, after Rāvaṇa's death.
He finally established the Rambhāpuri maṭha at Balehonnur, a village in Narasimharajapura taluk, Chikkamagaluru district in the Indian state of Karnataka. The Reṇuka gotra of the Vīraśaivas is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="56971010" url="?curid=56971010" title="The Anfield Wrap">
The Anfield Wrap

The Anfield Wrap (TAW Player) is a collective of podcasts, radio shows, videocasts, live shows, magazine and website articles predominantly about Liverpool F.C. as well as the culture and music in the city of Liverpool.
Content.
Described by sports journalist Barry Glendenning as "essential listening for Liverpool fans", and averaging over 200,000 weekly downloads in over 200 countries including Vatican City they have sold out venues in Australia, USA, Scandinavia as well as Ireland, Hong Kong, Dubai and England and a stage at the Sound City Festival.
As well as fan culture the shows have also contained interviews with Kevin Keegan Jürgen Klopp, Kenny Dalglish, Brendan Rodgers, Rafa Benitez, Gerard Houllier, Rick Parry, Jamie Carragher, Kieran Maguire, Lucas Leiva and Xabi Alonso. As of July 2017 the shows had received a total of 28,000,000 downloads worldwide.
"The Anfield Wrap" have made and appeared on video clips for ITV News, Sky Sports. and the Premier League World, and BBC’s Newsbeat as well as making an appearance on the Fox Sports documentary "Being Liverpool", and representing fan views on issues such as ticket prices and kick off times.
Awards.
"The Anfield Wrap" was awarded the ‘Podcast Of The Year’ award in 2012 and 2015 by The Football Supporters Federation, in 2015 according to The Liverpool Echo presenter and writer Neil Atkinson led The Anfield Wrap delegation to the stage before delivering a “barnstorming acceptance speech”. The Anfield Wrap won ‘Best Football Podcast’ at The Football Blogging Awards in 2016 and was The Football Supporters’ Federation ‘Radio Show Of The Year’ 2016. They were nominated for ‘Club Podcast of the Year’ at the 2017 Football Supporters Federation Awards. At the 2018 British Podcast Awards The Anfield Wrap won silver, behind only Kermode and Mayo's Film Review in the listeners choice award. On 31 October The Anfield Wrap was announced as nominated for the ‘Fan Media of the Year’ award at the 2018 Football Supporters Federation Awards. At the 2019 British Podcast Awards The Anfield Wrap again picked up second place silver medal for the ‘listeners choice’ award. At the 2019 Football Supporters Federation Awards The Anfield Wrap won ‘Best Fan Media’. The Anfield Wrap was shortlisted for the Fan Media of the Year at the 2021 Football Supporters' Association awards.
Contributors.
Gareth Roberts &lt;br&gt;
Neil Atkinson&lt;br&gt;
John Gibbons &lt;br&gt;
Lizzi Doyle &lt;br&gt;
Rob Gutmann &lt;br&gt;
Andy Heaton &lt;br&gt;
Craig Hannon &lt;br&gt;
Adam Melia &lt;br&gt;
Adam Smith &lt;br&gt;
Josh Sexton &lt;br&gt;
Emilia Bona &lt;br&gt;
Steve Graves &lt;br&gt;
James Sutton&lt;br&gt;
Ben Johnson &lt;br&gt;
Dan Austin &lt;br&gt;
Dan Morgan &lt;br&gt;
Anna Walsh &lt;br&gt;
Ian Ryan &lt;br&gt;
Ian Salmon &lt;br&gt;
Jay McKenna &lt;br&gt;
Mo Stewart &lt;br&gt;
Melissa Reddy&lt;br&gt;
Mike Kearney &lt;br&gt;
Neil Docking &lt;br&gt;
Paul Cope &lt;br&gt;
Paul Senior &lt;br&gt;
Phil Blundell &lt;br&gt;
Philippa Smallwood &lt;br&gt;
Stu Wright 

</doc>
<doc id="56971012" url="?curid=56971012" title="NGC1052-DF2">
NGC1052-DF2


</doc>
<doc id="56971013" url="?curid=56971013" title="10s Across the Board">
10s Across the Board


</doc>
<doc id="56971014" url="?curid=56971014" title="2004-05 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team">
2004-05 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56971015" url="?curid=56971015" title="Japan-Spain relations">
Japan-Spain relations


</doc>
<doc id="56971016" url="?curid=56971016" title="PharmaRusical">
PharmaRusical

"PharmaRusical" is the second episode of the tenth season of the American reality competition television series "RuPaul's Drag Race", which aired on VH1 on March 29, 2018. Halsey and Padma Lakshmi serve as guest judges, alongside regular panelists RuPaul, Michelle Visage, and Ross Mathews. Andy Cohen and Alyssa Edwards also appear in the episode.
Reception.
Bowen Yang and Matt Rogers on Vulture.com rated the episode 5 out of 5 stars. "Metro Weekly" Rhuaridh Marr called the musical number "dreadful".

</doc>
<doc id="56971019" url="?curid=56971019" title="Eggs Over, Not Easy">
Eggs Over, Not Easy


</doc>
<doc id="56971022" url="?curid=56971022" title="Roseanne Gets the Chair">
Roseanne Gets the Chair


</doc>
<doc id="56971023" url="?curid=56971023" title="Reyna I. Aburto">
Reyna I. Aburto

Reyna I. Aburto (born October 24, 1963) is a Nicaraguan-born American religious leader, language translation specialist, and public speaker. She has been the second counselor to Jean B. Bingham in the Relief Society General Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since April 2017.
Aburto was born in Managua, Nicaragua, to Noel Blanco and his wife, Delbi Cardoza. She moved to California in 1984 as civil violence increased in Nicaragua. She joined the LDS Church in California in 1989 and moved to Utah shortly afterward. In 1993, she married Carlos Aburto, a native of Mexico, in the Jordan River Temple, and they are the parents of three children. She has a degree in computer science from Utah Valley University. She worked in the language industry for more than 25 years and owns a translation company with her husband.
Aburto's family attended Spanish-speaking congregations until 2013, when they began attending their neighborhood English-speaking ward. From 2012 to 2016, Aburto was a member of the LDS Church's Primary General Board. She has traveled widely as a counselor in the Relief Society General Presidency. In August 2018, she visited residents of a shelter in Guatemala built by LDS Humanitarian Services.
At the church's October 2019 general conference, Aburto spoke about issues of mental illness, including her father's death from suicide. In March 2020, Aburto was the keynote speaker at the International Women-in-Diplomacy Day Luncheon.

</doc>
<doc id="56971024" url="?curid=56971024" title="Dress to Impress (Roseanne)">
Dress to Impress (Roseanne)


</doc>
<doc id="56971027" url="?curid=56971027" title="Netflix &amp; Pill">
Netflix &amp; Pill


</doc>
<doc id="56971029" url="?curid=56971029" title="Netflix and Pill">
Netflix and Pill


</doc>
<doc id="56971032" url="?curid=56971032" title="After the Fall of New York">
After the Fall of New York


</doc>
<doc id="56971036" url="?curid=56971036" title="Ralava Beboarimisa">
Ralava Beboarimisa

Ralava Beboarimisa (born 1977) is a Malagasy politician who was Ministry of Environment, Ecology, Sea, and Forest in January 2015. He was then Ministry of Transport and Meteorology of Madagascar from 2017 to 2019, firstly during two Governments of Jean Ravelonarivo and Olivier Solonandrasana, and then during transition Government led by Christian Ntsay because of the April 21, 2018 crisis.
Beboarimisa studied finance and international relationship. He acquired his first professional experiences in investment banks in France before returning to Madagascar in 2011. He then held the post of Executive Director of the Foundation for Protected Areas and Biodiversity of Madagascar for 4 years (FAPBM). FAPBM is one of the largest environmental foundation in Africa and also founding member of the Consortium of African Funds for Environment (CAFE) that Beboarimisa chaired. During his contract with FAPBM, Madagascar was particularly highlighted internationally as FAPBM led a delegation of more than 60 people from many environmental associations, NGOs and communities at the IUCN World Parks Congress 2014 in Sydney Australia.
One of the biggest problems Beboarimisa faced during his tenure as minister of the environment was the rapid deforestation and threat to the flora and fauna of the island that Madagascar is undergoing. The first law he helped pass was the so-called "Beboarimisa law", which toughened sanctions for cutting down rosewoods in Madagascar.
Beboarimisa's hard tactics toward combating deforestation made him a popular figure in the country, and for a brief period of time it was rumored that he might succeed Jean Ravelonarivo as the next prime minister. However, Beboarimisa came under scrutiny in April 2016 after more than 1,000 tons of rosewood were discovered in the possession of a Hong Kong businessman in Singapore, leading to questions of how such a large amount could have been smuggled out of the country. Following the effervescence of traffics, a law was even drawn up, called the "Beboarimisa" law to strengthen the fight at a legal level. United States support for international legal proceedings .In 2019 the Court of Appeal in Singapore quashed all convictions related to the case. Ruling that the logs had only been intransit through Singapore, and not imported into Singapore. In August 2017, following a government reshuffle, Beboarimisa returned to government ministry to be at the head of the Ministry of Transport and Meteorology.
In October 2018, the 60th anniversary of the Republic of Madagascar, he decided to create a non-profit organization called "Bâtir la République" to encourage citizens' involvement and empowerment in the democratic debate, mindful of the importance of citizen involvement observed during the first edition in 2018, further debates were held in the following years. The 1st Republic of Madagascar was born on October 14, 1958 while independence was obtained two years later on June 26, 1960. October 14 is generally a forgotten day however "Batir la République" decided to put it forward.

</doc>
<doc id="56971041" url="?curid=56971041" title="Gunwant Desai">
Gunwant Desai

Gunwant Desai (born 30 January 1941) is a former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Railways in India from 1968 to 1974.
Desai was a highly effective opening bowler for Railways in the Ranji Trophy, averaging nearly five wickets a match at a very low average and with a strike-rate of a wicket every 34.75 balls. He took 12 wickets in the match (7 for 46 and 5 for 24) in the innings victory over Haryana in 1971-72. 
In 1974-75 he set a Railways record for match figures that still stands when he took 13 for 77 (8 for 54 and 5 for 23) in another innings victory, this time over Services. He also made his highest score in the same match when, batting as usual at number 11, he made 29 of a tenth-wicket stand of 30.
He was never selected to play for North Zone in the Duleep Trophy. He twice played in Ranji Trophy quarter-finals, each time against Rajasthan. The second time, in 1973-74, he felled the Test batsman Salim Durani with a bouncer, and Durani had to be taken to hospital for an operation and played no further part in the match. Rajasthan won narrowly on their first-innings lead. Railways were 241 for 9 when Desai went to the crease, needing 15 for the lead, but he was bowled for a duck.

</doc>
<doc id="56971053" url="?curid=56971053" title="Darukacharya">
Darukacharya


</doc>
<doc id="56971065" url="?curid=56971065" title="Two Balloons">
Two Balloons

Two Balloons is a 2017 stop-motion animated short film written and directed by Mark Smith. The film premiered at the 2017 Foyle Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="56971069" url="?curid=56971069" title="Flexible robots">
Flexible robots


</doc>
<doc id="56971076" url="?curid=56971076" title="Alonzo Ward Hotel">
Alonzo Ward Hotel

The Alonzo Ward Hotel is a historic hotel in Aberdeen, South Dakota. It is individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a contributing property to the Aberdeen Commercial Historic District.
History.
Businessman Alonzo Ward first built a hotel on the site in 1894. In November 1926, this first structure was destroyed in a fire. Work began on a replacement building in 1927 with the new hotel opening in May 1928.
The first radio station in Aberdeen, KABR, began operations on the sixth floor in 1935.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 1982. The building is also listed on the National Register as a key contributing property of the Aberdeen Commercial Historic District; the district was listed on May 23, 1988.
From 2002 through 2004, 90 of the original hotel rooms on floors 3–6 were converted into 15 condominiums and the second-floor ballroom was restored. In mid-2017, however, plans were made to convert the ballroom into apartments because it was used too infrequently to be economically viable. In October 2017, a semi-truck struck an overhang on the hotel's north side, cracking one corner of it.
Architecture.
The hotel is a six-story building made of steel-reinforced concrete with a brick facade. It was designed by architecture firm Ellerbe &amp; Co. The building features a mix of architectural styles, including English vernacular revival and Art Deco.
The facade is visually composed of three layers. The first and second floors form the base, divided from the upper floors by a belt course of vertically laid bricks. Floors 3–6 form the middle layer. At the top is a cornice of brick laid diagonally in an Art Deco zig-zag pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="56971078" url="?curid=56971078" title="Gull Harbor">
Gull Harbor

Gull Harbor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56971082" url="?curid=56971082" title="Anjō City Gymnasium">
Anjō City Gymnasium

Anjō City Gymnasium is an arena in Anjo, Aichi, Japan. It is the home arena of the Aisin AW Areions Anjo of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league. 

</doc>
<doc id="56971085" url="?curid=56971085" title="Chenle">
Chenle


</doc>
<doc id="56971088" url="?curid=56971088" title="Gull Harbor (Washington)">
Gull Harbor (Washington)

Gull Harbor is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington.
Gull Harbor was named for seagulls which congregate at the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="56971093" url="?curid=56971093" title="Tayfun Devrimol">
Tayfun Devrimol

Tayfun Devrimol (born 22 April 1980 in Turkey) is a Turkish-born Australian former footballer who last played for Mounties Wanderers in his home country.
Malaysia.
Devrimol was suspended for his team's first round of the 2004 Malaysia Cup and was dropped after spitting at coach Raul Carrizo following a 3–2 victory over Perlis FA, getting fined 3000 Australian dollars for his repugnant behavior.
Fiji.
Was one of three Australians in Nadroga for the 2008 Fiji Inter-District Championship.
Futsal.
The Australian represented the Australia national futsal team at the 2002 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup, making two appearances and scoring zero goals.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56971107" url="?curid=56971107" title="State Theatre (Kalamazoo, Michigan)">
State Theatre (Kalamazoo, Michigan)

The State Theatre also known as the Kalamazoo State Theatre in Kalamazoo, Michigan was designed by renowned architect John Eberson and built by founder Colonel William Butterfield in 1927. The Kalamazoo State is one of the very few remaining atmospheric picture palaces still intact. It currently remains in operation today as the main performance hall for musicians, comedian, and other live entertainment in the Kalamazoo area.
Nationwide context.
In the United States, the mid to late 1920s was a booming time for the film industry. With the growing power and vertical integration of major companies, between 1922 and 1930 the total investment in the film industry jumped from $78 million to $850 million. The average weekly attendance at American movie theatres doubled from 40 million in 1922 to 80 million in 1928. A key component to this growth was the creation of movie theatres. There was competition to provide a tremendous experience which led to the extravagant era of the Picture Palace. The term Picture Palace is used to describe the opulent style of theatre that seated thousands. The iconographic features of the exterior of the theatre were designed to make the front of the theatre a "show window" to invite customers to come see a performance. With fancy lobbies, uniformed ushers, musical accompaniments, and unique architecture these picture palaces were a unique draw that allowed a place where working and middle-class patrons could find luxury. Reflecting this national trend was Kalamazoo, a rising city during the twenties; due to the rapid increase in population it began to develop a need for a prominent theatre.
Early Years.
The Kalamazoo State Theatre was built as a mid-sized picture palace in 1927 for the W.S. Butterfield Theatre chain. The State was constructed in 9 months for $350,000. Initially it was home to vaudeville shows, dance recitals, and silent films. The Kalamazoo State is an atmospheric theatre, which was one of the two basic design styles: atmospheric and conventional, that picture palaces could be. Atmospheric meant that the palace gave the impression of sitting in an auditorium that opened to a night sky.
The theatre was designed by John Eberson, a renowned theatre architect out of Chicago, who was known for his style of atmospheric theatres. For the Kalamazoo State he employed a Spanish theme. Originally the State seated 1,300 people with the interior reflecting a beautiful Spanish courtyard. The ceiling is painted dark blue with twinkling electric stars, and moving clouds which are projected across it to create an outdoor atmosphere. The auditorium, lobby, and mezzanine are decorated in a Mediterranean color scheme with pottery, furniture, wrought iron, statues, and paintings. Outside they utilize buff-colored tapestry, brick, and ornate terra-cotta accents.
Barton Theatre Organ.
Silent films always had musical accompaniment. In the large picture palaces, such as those in Chicago and Detroit, they would typically have a live orchestra. The smaller palaces, such as the Kalamazoo State Theatre, would have had a chamber group or pipe organ. This was a great improvement from the small town and second run houses which would typically only offer a piano player.
The Kalamazoo State is home to a Barton Theatre Organ, which accompanied silent pictures from 1927 to 1937. Barton was one of the better-known companies along with: Wurlitzer, Kimball, and Morton. Theatre organs were a unique combination of multiple instruments and sound effects. These intriguing machines greatly varied in size and complexity ranging from two manuals and six ranks to four or five manuals and more than fifty or sixty ranks. With the advent of "talkies," it was silenced until 1950. However, in 1961 it was fully restored and put back into service. The original Barton Organ is still used for special presentations.
Survival.
In 1964, the theatre underwent drastic modernization. Due to age-induced damage, the original 45-foot vertical sign on the corner was replaced with a horizontal marquee over the box-office. The interior was stripped of some of its original decor.
In 1982, Butterfield decided to stop showing first-run movies at the State and it was closed that same year due to poor profits and the spreading popularity of the suburban movie multiplex. The closing of such a historic part of Kalamazoo began to mobilize community members. Efforts to save the theatre from a tragic end were pursued by several local entrepreneurs and preservationists. Local arts groups and city officials formed the "Save the State" committee in an effort to preserve the theatre's legacy along with the building. The solution came when the building was purchased in 1985 by the Hinman Company. The purchase brought about further renovation and worked to preserve a part of Kalamazoo's history. Recent preservation efforts have helped to restore the original splendor of the State. After years of uncertainty, Kalamazoo's State Theatre has survived to attract a wide variety of performers. It is one of the few remaining atmospheric movie palaces in the United States.
State in the Twenty-First Century.
The Kalamazoo State Theatre is currently owned by the "Hinman Company" a real-estate development, management, and leasing company. They own property across the United States and have an especially large portfolio in the Kalamazoo area. The State currently is the premier live performance venue in Kalamazoo, hosting performances by the likes of Lewis Black, Kid Cudi, and other popular entertainers.
The Kalamazoo State Theatre is part of the League of Historic American Theatres (LHAT), an organization that champions the restoration, preservation and ongoing operations of North America's treasured venues.

</doc>
<doc id="56971108" url="?curid=56971108" title="Early life of Cleopatra">
Early life of Cleopatra

The early life of Cleopatra VII (r. 51 – 10 or 12 August 30 BC) of Ptolemaic Egypt began with her birth in early 69 BC to reigning pharaoh Ptolemy XII Auletes and her unknown mother (possibly Cleopatra V), and lasted until her accession to the throne by March 51 BC. During her early childhood, Cleopatra was brought up in the palace of Alexandria in Egypt and received a primarily-Hellenistic Greek education from her tutor, Philostratos. By adulthood she was well-versed in many languages, including Egyptian, Ethiopian, Hebrew, Arabic, Median, Parthian, Latin, and her native Koine Greek.
Cleopatra's father was a client ruler of the Roman Republic. When the Romans annexed Cyprus and drove Ptolemy XII's brother Ptolemy of Cyprus to commit suicide rather than go into exile, Ptolemy XII became unpopular with the masses in Egypt for remaining silent and offering no reaction to the events. He and a daughter, ostensibly Cleopatra and not Arsinoe IV, were exiled from Egypt during a revolt. This allowed Cleopatra's older sister Berenice IV to claim the throne in 58 BC, ruling jointly with Cleopatra VI Tryphaena. Ptolemy XII and Cleopatra traveled first to Roman Italy. In the Alban Hills (outside Rome), they stayed at the villa of their Roman patron, the triumvir Pompey the Great. After Ptolemy XII orchestrated the assassinations of Berenice IV's diplomats in Rome, seeking to gain Roman favor, he and Cleopatra left the city's hostile environment and settled at Ephesus in Anatolia.
Pompey eventually convinced Aulus Gabinius, the Roman governor of Syria, to invade Egypt and restore Ptolemy XII to power. In the spring of 55 BC, Gabinius' invasion force arrived. His officer Mark Antony prevented Ptolemy XII from massacring the inhabitants of Pelousion for their defiance, and rescued the body of Archelaos (Berenice's husband) after he was killed in battle. Although Antony said years later that it was then that he fell in love with Cleopatra, their affair did not begin until 41 BC. Ptolemy XII made Cleopatra his regent and joint ruler in 52 BC, naming her and his son (Ptolemy XIII) joint successors in his will and testament. Ptolemy XII died by 22 March 51 BC, the date of Cleopatra's first known act as queen: restoring the sacred Buchis bull in Hermonthis, Egypt. She may have married her brother, Ptolemy XIII, but it is uncertain if they married before engaging in open hostilities against one another.
Birth and tutelage.
Cleopatra VII was born in early 69 BC to Ptolemaic pharaoh Ptolemy XII Auletes and an unknown mother, presumably Ptolemy XII's sister-wife Cleopatra V Tryphaena —mother of Cleopatra's older sister, Berenice IV. Ptolemy XII was given the epithet "Auletes" ("the flute-player") due to his adoption of the title "New Dionysos" and his reported flute-playing during the Dionysian festivals. He had a reputation as an aloof monarch who enjoyed a life of luxury while causing dynastic troubles with the expulsion of Cleopatra V from the court in late 69 BC (a few months after the birth of Cleopatra VII). His three younger children (Cleopatra's sister Arsinoe IV and brothers Ptolemy XIII and Ptolemy XIV) were born during the more than decade-long absence of his wife.
Her childhood tutor was Philostratos, from whom she learned the Greek arts of oration and philosophy. During her youth Cleopatra presumably studied at the Musaeum (including the Library of Alexandria), and wrote Greek medical works which may have been inspired by the physicians at her father's royal court. Available to her in historical records preserved by the 3rd-century BC Ptolemaic-era native Egyptian historian Manetho were examples of strong, inspirational royal female predecessors (some of whom lived long before the Ptolemaic dynasty), such as Sobekneferu, Hatshepsut, and Nefertiti.
Ptolemaic pharaohs were crowned by Egyptian priests of Ptah at Memphis but resided in the multicultural and largely-Greek city of Alexandria, founded by Alexander the Great of Macedon. They spoke Greek and governed Egypt as Hellenistic Greek monarchs, refusing to learn the native Egyptian language. Cleopatra could understand and speak many languages by adulthood, including Egyptian, Ethiopian, Trogodyte, Hebrew (or Aramaic), Arabic, Syrian (perhaps Syriac), Median, Parthian, and Latin, although her Roman colleagues would have preferred to speak with her in her native Koine Greek. Aside from Greek, Egyptian, and Latin, the three languages she had a known ability to read and write in, these languages reflected Cleopatra's expansionist territorial ambitions and her desire to regain African and Asian territories which had belonged to the Ptolemaic Empire.
Although Egyptians were the dominant ethnic group in Cleopatra's kingdom, large minorities of Greeks, Jews, Celtic and Germanic peoples, Syrians, Nubians, and others inhabited Egypt during her reign and well before it. Greeks and Jews were primarily concentrated in the multicultural cities of Alexandria, the old colony of Naukratis, and Ptolemais Hermiou (near Thebes in Upper Egypt). Greeks, Jews, and Egyptians in these cities were legally segregated, living in different areas and forbidden to intermarry. The native Egyptian priesthood received a number of privileges and became extremely wealthy under their Ptolemaic patrons, often becoming targets of native Egyptian revolts. Although there were laws against intermarriage in the Greek city-states ("poleis") of Egypt, intermarriage was permitted in other parts of Egypt; Cleopatra is speculated to have had an Egyptian half-cousin, Pasherienptah III, the High Priest of Ptah at Memphis. At the beginning of her reign Cleopatra sought the support and loyalty of the Egyptian priesthood, despite attempts by her rival brother and erstwhile co-ruler Ptolemy XIII to undermine this relationship.
Reign of Ptolemy XII and Roman interventionism.
Roman interventionism in Egypt predated the reign of Cleopatra VII. In 168 BC, after Antiochus IV invaded Ptolemaic Egypt, he obeyed the demands of the Roman Senate to withdraw and return to Seleucid territory instead of warring with the Roman Republic. When Ptolemy IX Lathyros died in late 81 BC, he was succeeded by his daughter Berenice III. With opposition building at the royal court against the idea of a sole female monarch, Berenice III accepted joint rule and marriage to Ptolemy XI Alexander II, the son of Ptolemy IX's brother Ptolemy X Alexander I. The match was arranged by the dictator Sulla, the first powerful Roman figure to intervene directly in the dynastic affairs of kingdoms east of the Roman Republic.
Ptolemy XI had his cousin-wife killed shortly after their marriage in 80 BC, but he was killed soon thereafter in the resulting riot over the assassination. Ptolemy XI (and perhaps his uncle Ptolemy IX or his father) willed the Ptolemaic Kingdom to Rome as collateral for loans, so the Romans had legal grounds to take over Egypt (their client state). They chose instead to carve up the Ptolemaic realm to be ruled by Ptolemy IX's two illegitimate sons, bestowing Cyprus to Ptolemy of Cyprus and Egypt to Ptolemy XII.
In 65 BC the Roman censor Marcus Licinius Crassus argued before the Roman Senate that Ptolemaic Egypt should be annexed (perhaps based on the previous will in exchange for loans), but his proposed bill was scuttled by Cicero's rhetoric. This was followed by another failed proposal for annexation by tribune Servilius Rullus in 63 BC. Ptolemy XII responded to the threatened Roman annexation of Egypt by offering lavish gifts to powerful Roman statesmen and military commanders, such as Pompey the Great (during his campaign against Mithridates VI of Pontus in the Third Mithridatic War) and Julius Caesar after the latter became consul in 59 BC.
After Crassus, Pompey, and Caesar formed the alliance of the First Triumvirate in 60 BC, they gave Ptolemy XII the title of "friend and ally of the Roman people" for his efforts in financing Pompey's eastern campaigns and Rome's conquests of West Asian territories which had belonged to the Seleucid Empire. The title cost 6,000 talents, nearly the entire annual tax revenue of Ptolemaic Egypt. Ptolemy XII's profligate behavior bankrupted him, and he was forced to acquire loans from Roman banker Gaius Rabirius Postumus. His increase of the tax rate to pay for these expenditures angered the poor and led to strikes by farmers.
Exile of Ptolemy XII and Cleopatra.
In 58 BC, after Roman senator Publius Clodius Pulcher accused Ptolemy XII's brother (Ptolemy of Cyprus) of aiding pirates who disrupted Roman shipping, the Roman Republic annexed Cyprus and drove Ptolemy of Cyprus, where he committed suicide rather than face exile to Paphos as a priest of Apollo. Ptolemy XII remained publicly silent on the death of his brother, a decision which (along with ceding traditional Ptolemaic territory to the Romans) damaged his credibility among subjects already enraged by his economic policies. Whether by force or voluntary action, Ptolemy XII left Egypt in exile to Rhodes and his Roman host, Cato the Younger, who castigated him for losing his kingdom while seated on a latrine and undergoing laxative treatment. Ptolemy XII then traveled to Athens, where he erected a monument in honor of his father and half-sister (Berenice III), and finally to the triumvir Pompey's villa in the Alban Hills near Praeneste. Ptolemy XII spent nearly a year on the outskirts of Rome, ostensibly accompanied by his 11-year-old daughter Cleopatra. Joann Fletcher expresses little doubt about this, noting an ancient Greek primary source stating that Ptolemy XII traveled with one of his daughters; since Berenice IV was his ruling rival and Arsinoe IV was a toddler, it must have been Cleopatra (who was later made his regent and named his successor in his will).
Events in Egypt are unclear around this time. It is thought that Ptolemy XII's daughter Berenice IV initially ruled jointly with Cleopatra VI Tryphaena (who was either Ptolemy XII's estranged wife, Cleopatra V Tryphaena or another of his daughters). Cleopatra VI is then believed to have died, possibly subsequent to being ousted by Berenice. Berenice IV sent an emissary to Rome to advocate for her rule and oppose the reinstatement of her father Ptolemy XII, but Ptolemy used his assassins to kill the emissary (an incident covered up by his powerful Roman supporters). When Caesar failed to secure a popular election as Governor-General of Egypt, he settled for a five-year command of Gaul and allowed his rival Pompey to settle the matter of the Egyptian throne. The Roman Senate denied Ptolemy XII the offer of an armed escort and provisions for a return to Egypt, so he decided to leave Rome in late 57 BC for the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus.
Return to Egypt from exile.
To shore up her legitimacy with her subjects, Berenice IV married Archelaos (reportedly a descendant of Mithridates VI of Pontus); however, the Romans— especially desperate financiers of Ptolemy XII such as Rabirius Postumus—were determined to restore Ptolemy XII. Pompey persuaded the Roman governor of Syria Aulus Gabinius to invade Egypt and restore Ptolemy XII, offering him 10,000 talents for the mission. Although it put him at odds with Roman law, Gabinius invaded Egypt in the spring of 55 BC by way of Hasmonean Judea; Hyrcanus II had Antipater the Idumaean, the father of Herod the Great, furnish the Roman-led army with supplies. Under Gabinius' command was the young cavalry officer Mark Antony, who distinguished himself by preventing Ptolemy XII from massacring the inhabitants of Pelousion and rescuing the body of Archelaos after the latter was killed in another battle (ensuring him a royal burial). The 14-year-old Cleopatra would have accompanied the Roman expedition into Egypt; years later, Mark Antony said that he had fallen in love with her at this time. Their affair only began 41 BC, when the triumvir Antony summoned Cleopatra to his headquarters at Tarsos to answer for her alleged support of Gaius Cassius Longinus in the Liberators' civil war of 43–42 BC.
Gabinius was tried (and acquitted) in Rome for abusing his authority, but his second trial (for accepting bribes) led to a seven-year exile from which he was recalled in 48 BC by Julius Caesar. Crassus replaced him as governor of Syria, extending his provincial command to Egypt until he was killed by the Parthians in the 53 BC Battle of Carrhae. Ptolemy XII had his rival daughter Berenice and her wealthy supporters executed, seizing their properties and allowing the Gabiniani (Gabinius' largely-Germanic and Gallic Roman garrison) to harass people in the streets of Alexandria. He installed his longtime Roman financier, Rabirius Postumus, as his chief financial officer. Postumus was unable to collect all of Ptolemy XII's debt by the latter's death and it was passed on to his successors, Cleopatra VII and Ptolemy XIII. Within a year, Postumus was placed under protective custody and sent back to Rome when his life was threatened for draining Egypt of its resources.
During the last four years of his reign, Ptolemy XII (who died of natural causes) designated Cleopatra VII and Ptolemy XIII as his heirs, oversaw major construction projects such as the completion of the Temple of Edfu and establishment of the Dendera Temple, and stabilized an economy largely reliant on trade with East Africa and India. A copy of his will was sent to Pompey to be kept in Rome, and the original was held in Alexandria for safekeeping. According to an inscription in the Temple of Hathor at Dendera, Cleopatra was made a regent of Ptolemy XII on 31 May 52 BC.
Accession to the throne.
Ptolemy XII died sometime before 22 March 51 BC, the date of Cleopatra's first known act as queen: her voyage to Hermonthis, near Thebes, to install a new sacred Buchis bull (worshiped as an intermediary for the god Montu in ancient Egyptian religion). The Roman Senate was not informed about Ptolemy's death until 30 June or 1 August 51 BC; the news may have been suppressed by Cleopatra until she could secure the throne. Cleopatra probably married her brother, Ptolemy XIII, but the marriage is uncertain. The incestuous Ptolemaic practice of sibling marriage was introduced by Ptolemy II and his sister, Arsinoe II, but the long-held royal Egyptian practice was considered scandalous by contemporary Greeks. Although vocal critics of this incestuous practice were sometimes violently punished and suppressed during the joint reign of Ptolemy II and Arsinoe II, sibling marriages were nevertheless considered a normal arrangement for Ptolemaic rulers by the time of Cleopatra's reign. Official documents began listing Cleopatra as sole ruler by 29 August 51 BC, evidence that she had rejected her brother as a co-ruler.
References.
Cited in text.
Online sources
Printed sources

</doc>
<doc id="56971109" url="?curid=56971109" title="Reign of Cleopatra">
Reign of Cleopatra

The reign of Cleopatra VII of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt began with the death of her father, the ruling pharaoh Ptolemy XII Auletes, by March 51 BC. It ended with her death on 10 or 12 August 30 BC. Following the reign of Cleopatra, the country of Egypt was transformed into a province of the Roman Empire and the Hellenistic period came to an end. During her reign she ruled Egypt and other territories as an absolute monarch, in the tradition of the Ptolemaic dynasty's founder Ptolemy I Soter (r. 305–283 BC) as well as Alexander the Great (r. 336–323 BC) of Macedon, who captured Egypt from the Achaemenid Persian Empire.
Cleopatra and her younger brother Ptolemy XIII acceded to the throne as joint rulers, but a fallout between them led to open civil war. Cleopatra fled briefly to Roman Syria in 48 BC but returned later that year with an army to confront Ptolemy XIII. As a Roman client state, Roman statesman Pompey the Great planned Ptolemaic Egypt as a place of refuge after losing the 48 BC Battle of Pharsalus in Greece against his rival Julius Caesar in Caesar's Civil War. However, Ptolemy XIII had Pompey killed at Pelousion and sent his severed head to Caesar, while the latter occupied Alexandria in pursuit of Pompey. With his authority as consul of the Roman Republic, Caesar attempted to reconcile Ptolemy XIII with Cleopatra. However, Ptolemy XIII's chief adviser Potheinos viewed Caesar's terms as favoring Cleopatra. So his forces, led first by Achillas and then Ganymedes under Arsinoe IV (Cleopatra's younger sister), besieged both Caesar and Cleopatra at the palace. Reinforcements lifted the siege in early 47 BC and Ptolemy XIII died shortly afterwards in the Battle of the Nile. Arsinoe IV was eventually exiled to Ephesus and Caesar, now an elected dictator, declared Cleopatra and her younger brother Ptolemy XIV as joint rulers of Egypt. However, Caesar maintained a private affair with Cleopatra that produced a son, Caesarion (later Ptolemy XV), before he departed Alexandria for Rome.
Cleopatra traveled to Rome as a client queen in 46 and 44 BC, staying at his villa. Following Caesar's assassination in 44 BC Cleopatra attempted to have Caesarion named as his heir. Caesar's grandnephew Octavian (known as Augustus by 27 BC, when he became the first Roman emperor) thwarted this. Cleopatra then had her brother Ptolemy XIV killed and elevated her son Caesarion as co-ruler. In the Liberators' civil war of 43–42 BC, Cleopatra sided with the Roman Second Triumvirate formed by Octavian, Mark Antony, and Marcus Aemilius Lepidus. She developed a personal relationship with Mark Antony that would eventually produce three children: the twins Alexander Helios and Cleopatra Selene II, and Ptolemy Philadelphus. Antony used his authority as triumvir to carry out the execution of Arsinoe IV at Cleopatra's request. He became increasingly reliant on Cleopatra for both funding and military aid during his invasions of the Parthian Empire and the Kingdom of Armenia. Although his invasion of Parthia was unsuccessful, he managed to occupy Armenia. He brought King Artavasdes II back to Alexandria in 34 BC as a prisoner in his mock Roman triumph hosted by Cleopatra. This was followed by the Donations of Alexandria, in which Cleopatra's children with Antony received various territories under Antony's triumviral authority. Cleopatra was named the Queen of Kings and Caesarion the King of Kings. This event, along with Antony's marriage to Cleopatra and divorce of Octavia Minor, sister of Octavian, marked a turning point that led to the Final War of the Roman Republic.
After engaging in a war of propaganda, Octavian forced Antony's allies in the Roman Senate to flee Rome in 32 BC. He declared war on Cleopatra for unlawfully providing military support to Antony, now a private Roman citizen without public office. Antony and Cleopatra led a joint naval force at the 31 BC Battle of Actium against Octavian's general Agrippa, who won the battle after Cleopatra and Antony fled to the Peloponnese and eventually Egypt. Octavian's forces invaded Egypt in 30 BC. Although Antony and Cleopatra offered military resistance, Octavian defeated their forces, leading to Antony's suicide. When it became clear that Octavian planned to have Cleopatra brought to Rome as a prisoner for his triumphal procession, she also committed suicide, the cause of death reportedly by use of poison. The popular belief is that she was bitten by an asp.
Accession to the throne.
Ptolemy XII Auletes, ruling pharaoh of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt, designated in his will that his daughter Cleopatra VII should reign alongside her brother Ptolemy XIII as co-rulers in the moment of his death. On 31 May 52 BC Cleopatra was made a regent of Ptolemy XII as indicated by an inscription in the Temple of Hathor at Dendera. Duane W. Roller asserts that Ptolemy XII perhaps died sometime before 22 March 51 BC, while Joann Fletcher offers the date 7 March 51 BC. Michael Grant claims it could have occurred as late as May of that year. Cleopatra's first known act as queen occurred on 22 March 51 BC. She traveled to Hermonthis, near Thebes, to install a new sacred Buchis bull, worshiped as an intermediary for the god Montu in the Ancient Egyptian religion. The Roman Senate, which viewed Ptolemaic Egypt as a client state, was not informed of the death of Ptolemy XII until 30 June or 1 August 51 BC. This was most likely an attempt by Cleopatra to suppress this information and consolidate power.
Cleopatra perhaps wedded her brother Ptolemy XIII, but it is unknown if their marriage ever took place. By 29 August 51 BC official documents began listing Cleopatra as the sole ruler, evidence that she had rejected her brother as a co-ruler by this point. Cleopatra faced several pressing issues and emergencies shortly after taking the throne. These included food shortages and famine caused by drought and low-level flooding of the Nile and assaults by gangs of armed brigands. The lawless behavior instigated by the Gabiniani, the now unemployed, assimilated, and largely Germanic and Gallic Roman soldiers left by Aulus Gabinius to garrison Egypt after restoring Ptolemy XII and removing his daughter Berenice IV from power was also a problem. As an astute financial administrator of her kingdom, Cleopatra eventually brought the combined wealth of tax revenues and foreign trade up to 12,000 talents a year, surpassing the wealth creation of some of her Ptolemaic predecessors. In the meantime, however, she inherited her father's debts and owed the Roman Republic 17.5 million drachmas by the time Julius Caesar arrived at Alexandria in 48 BC.
In 50 BC Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus, proconsul of Syria, sent his two eldest sons to Egypt. This was most likely to negotiate with the Gabiniani and recruit them as soldiers in the desperate defense of Syria against the Parthians. However, the Gabiniani tortured and murdered them, perhaps with secret encouragement by rogue senior administrators in Cleopatra's court such as the eunuch regent Potheinos. This led her to send the Gabiniani culprits to Bibulus as prisoners awaiting his judgment. Although a seemingly shrewd act by the young queen, Bibulus sent the prisoners back to her and chastised her for interfering in Roman affairs that should have been handled directly by the Roman Senate. Bibulus, siding with Pompey the Great in Caesar's Civil War, was then charged with preventing Caesar from landing a naval fleet in Greece. He failed at the task which ultimately allowed Julius Caesar to reach Egypt in pursuit of Pompey.
Although Cleopatra had rejected her 11-year-old brother as a joint ruler in 51 BC, Ptolemy XIII still retained strong allies, notably Potheinos, his tutor and administrator of his properties. The Romans, including Caesar, initially viewed him as the power behind the throne. Others involved in the cabal against Cleopatra included Achillas, a prominent military commander, and Theodotus of Chios, another tutor of Ptolemy XIII. Cleopatra seems to have attempted a short-lived alliance with her brother Ptolemy XIV, but by the autumn of 50 BC Ptolemy XIII had the upper hand in their conflict and began signing documents with his name before that of his sister, followed by the establishment of his first regnal date in 49 BC.
Assassination of Pompey.
Cleopatra and her forces were still holding their ground against Ptolemy XIII within Alexandria when Gnaeus Pompeius, son of Pompey, arrived at Alexandria in the summer of 49 BC seeking military aid on behalf of his father. After returning to Italy from the wars in Gaul and crossing the Rubicon in January of 49 BC, Caesar forced Pompey and his supporters to flee to Greece in a Roman civil war. In perhaps their last joint decree, both Cleopatra and Ptolemy XIII agreed to Gnaeus Pompeius' request. They sent his father 60 ships and 500 troops, including the Gabiniani, a move that helped erase some of the debt owed to Rome by the Ptolemies. The Roman writer Lucan claims that by early 48 BC Pompey named Ptolemy XIII as the legitimate sole ruler of Egypt; whether true or not Cleopatra was forced to flee Alexandria and withdraw to the region of Thebes. However, by the spring of 48 BC Cleopatra traveled to Syria with her younger sister Arsinoe IV to gather an invasion force that would head to Egypt. She returned with an army, perhaps right around the time of Caesar's arrival, but her brother's forces, including some Gabiniani mobilized to fight against her. They blocked her advance to Alexandria, and she had to make camp outside Pelousion in the eastern Nile Delta.
In Greece, Caesar and Pompey's forces engaged each other at the decisive Battle of Pharsalus on 9 August 48 BC, leading to the destruction of most of Pompey's army and his forced flight to Tyre, Lebanon. Given his close relationship with the Ptolemies, he ultimately decided that Egypt would be his place of refuge, where he could replenish his forces. Ptolemy XIII's advisers, however, feared the idea of Pompey using Egypt as his base of power in a protracted Roman civil war. They also wanted to ensure that none of the Gabiniani would leave their campaign against Cleopatra to join Pompey's forces instead. In a scheme devised by Theodotos, Pompey arrived by ship near Pelousion after being invited by written message, only to be ambushed and stabbed to death on 28 September 48 BC. Ptolemy XIII believed he had demonstrated his power and simultaneously defused the situation by having Pompey's severed head sent to Caesar, who arrived in Alexandria by early October and resided at the royal palace. Theodotos presented Caesar with his son-in-law Pompey's embalmed head, which Caesar retrieved and planned to bury properly along the shores of Alexandria. Caesar expressed grief and outrage over the killing of Pompey, and called on both Ptolemy XIII and Cleopatra VII to disband their forces and reconcile.
Relationship with Julius Caesar.
Caesar's request for partial repayment of the 17.5 million drachmas owed to Rome (to pay for immediate military expenditures) was met with a response by Potheinos. He replied that it would be made later if Caesar would leave Alexandria, but this offer was rejected. Ptolemy XIII arrived at Alexandria at the head of his army, in clear defiance of Caesar's demand that he disband and leave his army before his arrival. Cleopatra initially sent emissaries to Caesar, but upon allegedly hearing that Caesar was inclined to having affairs with royal women, she came to Alexandria to see him personally. Historian Cassius Dio records that she simply did so without informing her brother, dressing in an attractive manner and charming Caesar with her wit and linguistic skills. Plutarch provides an entirely different and perhaps mythical account that alleges she was bound inside a bed sack to be smuggled into the palace to meet Caesar.
When Ptolemy XIII realized that his sister was in the palace consorting directly with Caesar instead of at Pelousion, he attempted to rouse the populace of Alexandria into a riot. Caesar arrested him then used his oratorical skills to calm the frenzied crowd gathered outside the palace. Caesar then brought Cleopatra VII and Ptolemy XIII before the assembly of Alexandria. Here he revealed the written will of Ptolemy XII—previously possessed by Pompey—naming Cleopatra and Ptolemy XIII as his joint heirs. Caesar then attempted to arrange for the other two siblings, Arsinoe IV and Ptolemy XIV, to rule together over Cyprus, thus removing potential rival claimants to the Egyptian throne. This would also appease the Ptolemaic subjects still bitter over the loss of Cyprus to the Romans in 58 BC.
Potheinos, judged that this agreement actually favored Cleopatra over Ptolemy XIII and that the latter's army of 20,000, including the Gabiniani, could most likely defeat Caesar's army of 4,000 unsupported troops. He decided to have Achillas lead their forces to Alexandria to attack both Caesar and Cleopatra. The resulting siege of the palace with Caesar and Cleopatra trapped inside lasted into the following year of 47 BC. It included Caesar's burning of ships in the harbor that spread fires and potentially burned down part of the Library of Alexandria. Caesar managed to execute Potheinos after he attempted an assassination plot against him. Arsinoe IV joined forces with Achillas and was declared queen. Soon afterwards, she had her tutor Ganymedes kill Achillas and take his position as commander of her army. Ganymedes then tricked Caesar into requesting the presence of his erstwhile captive Ptolemy XIII as a negotiator, only to have him join the army of Arsinoe IV. With his detailed knowledge of the palace, Ganymedes pumped seawater into the reservoirs via water pipes, but Cleopatra and Caesar countered this by ordering the construction of fresh water wells.
Sometime between January and March 47 BC Caesar's reinforcements arrived. These included soldiers led by Mithridates of Pergamon and Antipater the Idumaean, who would receive Roman citizenship for his timely aid (a status that would be inherited by his son Herod the Great). Ptolemy XIII and Arsinoe IV withdrew their forces to the Nile River, where Caesar attacked them and forced Ptolemy XIII to flee by boat. It capsized, and he drowned. His body was later found nearby in the mud. Ganymedes was perhaps killed in the battle. Theodotos was found years later in Asia by Marcus Brutus and executed. Arsinoe IV was forcefully paraded in Caesar's triumph in Rome before being exiled to the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus. Cleopatra was conspicuously absent from these events and resided in the palace, most likely because she was pregnant with Caesar's child (perhaps since September 47 BC). She gave birth to Caesarion on 23 June 47 BC. Caesar and Cleopatra likely visited the Tomb of Alexander the Great together. Caesar also ensured the proper burial of Pompey's embalmed head in a tomb near the eastern wall of Alexandria.
Caesar's term as consul had expired at the end of 48 BC. However, his officer Mark Antony, recently returned to Rome from the battle at Pharsalus, helped to secure Caesar's election as dictator. This lasted for a year, until October 47 BC, providing Caesar with the legal authority to settle the dynastic dispute in Egypt. Wary of repeating the mistake of Berenice IV in having a sole-ruling female monarch, Caesar appointed 12-year-old Ptolemy XIV as 22-year-old Cleopatra VII's joint ruler in a nominal sibling marriage, but Cleopatra continued living privately with Caesar. The exact date at which Cyprus was returned to her control is not known, although she had a governor there by 42 BC.
Before returning to Rome to attend to urgent political matters, Caesar is alleged to have joined Cleopatra for a cruise of the Nile and sightseeing of monuments, although this may be a romantic tale reflecting later well-to-do Roman proclivities and not a real historic event. The historian Suetonius provided considerable details about the voyage, including use of a "Thalamegos" pleasure barge. First constructed by Ptolemy IV during his reign, it measured in length and in height and was complete with dining rooms, state rooms, holy shrines, and promenades along its two decks resembling a floating villa. Cleopatra allegedly used the "Thalamegos" again years later to sail to Mark Antony's provisional headquarters at Tarsos. Its design almost certainly had an influence on the later Roman Nemi ships. Caesar could have been interested in a Nile cruise owing to his fascination with geography. He was well-read in the works of Eratosthenes and Pytheas, and perhaps wanted to discover the source of the river, but his troops reportedly demanded they turn back after nearly reaching Ethiopia.
Caesar departed from Egypt in about April 47 BC. The reason for his departure was said to be that Pharnaces II of Pontus, son of Mithridates the Great, was stirring up trouble for Rome in Anatolia and needed to be confronted. It is possible, however, that Caesar, married to the prominent Roman woman Calpurnia, wanted to avoid being seen together with Cleopatra when she bore him their son. He left three legions in Egypt, later increased to four, under the command of the freedman Rufio, to secure Cleopatra's tenuous position but also perhaps to keep her activities in check.
Cleopatra's alleged child with Caesar was born 23 June 47 BC, as preserved on a stele at the Serapeion in Memphis. In the stele he was named "Pharaoh Caesar", but the Alexandrians preferred the patronymic Caesarion. Perhaps owing to his still childless marriage with Calpurnia, Caesar remained silent about Caesarion. There is conflicting evidence that he publicly denied fathering him but privately accepted him as his son. Cleopatra, on the other hand, made repeated official declarations about Caesarion's parentage, with Caesar as the father. She also built a Caesareum temple near the harbor of Alexandria dedicated to his worship.
Cleopatra VII and her nominal joint ruler Ptolemy XIV visited Rome sometime in late 46 BC, presumably without Caesarion. They were given lodging in Caesar's Villa within the Horti Caesaris. Like he did with their father Ptolemy XII, Julius Caesar awarded both Cleopatra VII and Ptolemy XIV with the legal status of 'friend and ally of the Roman people' (), in effect client rulers loyal to Rome. Cleopatra's distinguished visitors at Caesar's villa across the Tiber included the senator Cicero. He was not flattered by her and found her to be arrogant, especially after one of her advisers failed to provide him with requested books from the Library of Alexandria. Sosigenes of Alexandria, one of the members of Cleopatra's court, aided Caesar in the calculations for the new Julian Calendar, put into effect 1 January 45 BC. The Temple of Venus Genetrix, established in the Forum of Caesar on 25 September 46 BC, contained a golden statue of Cleopatra (which still stood there during the 3rd century AD), associating the mother of Caesar's child directly with the goddess Venus, mother of the Romans. The statue also subtly linked the Egyptian goddess Isis with the Roman religion. Caesar may have had plans to build a temple to Isis in Rome, as was voted by the Senate a year after his death.
Fletcher asserts that it is unclear if Cleopatra consistently stayed in Rome until 44 BC or briefly returned to Egypt after Caesar traveled to Roman Spain in November 46 BC to wage war against the sons of Pompey. Since Cleopatra was also present in the city in 44 BC during Caesar's assassination, it is unclear if this represented a single, two-year-long trip to Rome or two separate visits. The latter is more likely according to Roller. Cleopatra's presence in Rome most likely had an effect on the events at the Lupercalia festival a month before Caesar's assassination. Mark Antony attempted to place a royal diadem on Caesar's head, which he refused. This was most likely a staged performance, perhaps to gauge the Roman public's mood about accepting Hellenistic-style kingship. Cicero, who was present at the festival, mockingly asked where the diadem came from, an obvious reference to the Ptolemaic queen who he abhorred.
Caesar was assassinated on the Ides of March (15 March 44 BC), but Cleopatra stayed in Rome until about mid-April, in the vain hope of having Caesarion recognized as Caesar's heir. However, Caesar's will named his grandnephew Octavian as the primary heir. He arrived in Italy around the same time Cleopatra decided to depart for Egypt. A few months later Cleopatra decided to kill Ptolemy XIV by poisoning, elevating her son Caesarion instead as her co-ruler.
Cleopatra in the Liberators' civil war.
Octavian, Mark Antony, and Lepidus formed the Second Triumvirate in 43 BC. They were each elected for five-year terms to restore order to the Republic and bring Caesar's assassins to justice. Cleopatra received messages from both Gaius Cassius Longinus, one of Caesar's assassins, and Publius Cornelius Dolabella, proconsul of Syria and a Caesarian loyalist, requesting military aid. She decided to write Cassius an excuse that her kingdom faced too many internal problems, while sending the four legions left by Caesar in Egypt to Dolabella. However, Cassius captured these troops in Palestine, while they traveled en route to Syria. Serapion, Cleopatra's governor of Cyprus, defected to Cassius and provided him with ships. Cleopatra took her own fleet to Greece to personally assist Octavian and Antony. Her ships were heavily damaged in a Mediterranean storm, however, and she arrived too late to aid in the fighting. By the autumn of 42 BC Antony had defeated the forces of Caesar's assassins at the Battle of Philippi in Greece, leading to the suicides of Cassius and Marcus Junius Brutus the Younger.
By the end of 42 BC, Octavian gained control over much of the western half of the Roman Republic and Antony the eastern half, with Lepidus largely marginalized. Antony moved his headquarters from Athens to Tarsos in Anatolia by the summer of 41 BC. He summoned Cleopatra to Tarsos in several letters, invitations she initially rebuffed until he sent his envoy Quintus Dellius to Alexandria, convincing her to come. The meeting would allow Cleopatra to clear up the misconception that she seemed to support Cassius during the civil war, and would address pressing issues about territorial exchanges in the Levant. Mark Antony also undoubtedly desired to form a personal, romantic relationship with the queen.
Cleopatra sailed up the Kydnos River to Tarsos in her "Thalamegos", inviting Antony and his officers for two nights of lavish banquets on board her ship. Antony attempted to return the favor on the third night of dining with his own far less luxurious banquet. Cleopatra presented herself as the Egyptian goddess Isis in the appearance of the Greek goddess Aphrodite, meeting her divine husband Osiris in the form of the Greek god Dionysus, the latter whom the priests of Artemis at Ephesus had associated with Antony prior to this meeting with Cleopatra. Some surviving coins of Cleopatra also depict her as Venus–Aphrodite. Cleopatra managed to clear her name as a supposed supporter of Cassius, arguing she had really attempted to help Dolabella in Syria. At the same time she convinced Antony to have her rival sister Arsinoe IV dragged from her place of exile at the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus and executed. Her former governor of Cyprus Serapion, who had rebelled against her and joined Cassius, was found at Tyre and handed over to Cleopatra.
Relationship with Mark Antony.
Cleopatra invited Antony to come to Egypt before departing from Tarsos, which led Antony to visit Alexandria by November 41 BC. He was well received by the populace of Alexandria for his heroic actions in restoring Ptolemy XII to power and, unlike Caesar, coming to Egypt without an occupational force. In Egypt, Antony continued to enjoy the lavish royal lifestyle he had witnessed aboard Cleopatra's ship docked at Tarsos. He also had his subordinates, such as Publius Ventidius Bassus, drive the Parthians out of Anatolia and Syria.
Of all the queens of antiquity, those who ruled independently at times were married for most of their careers. Cleopatra, however, reigned for most of her 21 years as a sole monarch, with nominal joint rulers and a possible marriage to Antony very late in her life. Having Caesarion as her sole heir produced both benefits and dangers. His sudden death could extinguish the dynasty, but rivalry with other potential heirs and siblings could also spell his downfall. Cleopatra carefully chose Antony as her partner to produce further heirs, as he was deemed to be the most powerful Roman figure following Caesar's demise. With his triumviral powers, Antony also had the broad authority to restore former Ptolemaic lands to Cleopatra now in Roman hands. While it is clear that Cleopatra controlled both Cilicia and Cyprus by 19 November 38 BC with a mention of her governor Diogenes who administered both, the transfer probably occurred earlier in the winter of 41–40 BC, during her time spent with Antony. Plutarch asserted that Cleopatra played dice, drank alcohol, hunted wild game, and attended military exercises with Antony. These masculine activities did not endear her to later Roman authors, but they demonstrated the close relationship she fostered with her Roman partner.
By the spring of 40 BC, troubles in Syria forced Mark Antony to end his vacation in Egypt with Cleopatra. His governor Lucius Decidius Saxa had been killed and his army taken by Quintus Labienus, a former officer under Cassius who now served the Parthian Empire. Cleopatra provided Antony with 200 ships for his campaign and as payment for her newly acquired territories. She would not see him again until 37 BC, but she maintained correspondence and evidence suggests she kept a spy in his camp. By the end of 40 BC Cleopatra gave birth to twins, a boy named Alexander Helios and a girl named Cleopatra Selene II, both of whom Antony acknowledged as his children. "Helios" (), the sun, and "Selene" (), the moon, were symbolic of a new era of societal rejuvenation, as well as sign that Cleopatra hoped Antony would repeat the exploits of Alexander the Great by conquering Persia.
Events of the Perusine War (41–40 BC) disrupted Mark Antony's focus on confronting the Parthians in the east. The war was initiated by his ambitious wife Fulvia against Octavian in the hopes of making her husband the undisputed leader of Rome. Although it has been suggested that part of her motivation was to cleave Antony from Cleopatra, this is unlikely, as the conflict emerged in Italy even before Cleopatra's meeting with Antony at Tarsos. Fulvia and Antony's brother Lucius Antonius were eventually besieged by Octavian at Perusia (modern Perugia, Italy) and then exiled from Italy. Fulvia died after this at Sikyon in Greece while attempting to reach Antony. Her sudden death led to a reconciliation of Octavian and Antony at Brundisium in Italy in September 40 BC. Although the agreement struck at Brundisium solidified Antony's control of the Roman Republic's territories east of the Ionian Sea, it also stipulated that he concede Italia, Hispania, and Gaul, and marry Octavian's sister Octavia the Younger, a potential rival for Cleopatra.
In December 40 BC Cleopatra received Herod I (the Great) in Alexandria as an unexpected guest and refugee who fled a turbulent situation in Judea. Mark Antony had established Herod there as a tetrarch, but he was soon at odds with Antigonus II Mattathias of the long-established Hasmonean dynasty. Antigonus had imprisoned Herod's brother and fellow tetrarch Phasael, who was executed while Herod was in mid-flight towards Cleopatra's court. Cleopatra attempted to provide him with a military assignment, but Herod declined and traveled to Rome, where the triumvirs Octavian and Mark Antony named him king of Judea. This act put Herod on a collision course with Cleopatra, who wished to reclaim former Ptolemaic territories of his new Herodian kingdom.
Relations between Mark Antony and Cleopatra perhaps soured when he not only married Octavia, but having moved his headquarters to Athens also sired her two children, Antonia the Elder in 39 BC and Antonia Minor in 36 BC. However, Cleopatra's position in Egypt was secure. Her rival Herod was occupied with civil war in Judea that required heavy Roman military assistance, but received none from Cleopatra. Since the triumviral authority of Mark Antony and Octavian had expired on 1 January 37 BC, Octavia arranged for a meeting at Tarentum where the triumvirate was officially extended to 33 BC. With two legions granted by Octavian and a thousand soldiers lent by Octavia, Mark Antony traveled to Antioch, where he made preparations for war against the Parthians.
Antony summoned Cleopatra to Antioch to discuss pressing issues such as Herod's kingdom and financial support for his Parthian campaign. Cleopatra brought her three-year-old twins to Antioch, where Mark Antony saw them for the first time. They probably first received their surnames Helios and Selene here as part of Antony and Cleopatra's ambitious plans for the future. In order to stabilize the east, Antony not only enlarged Cleopatra's domain but also established new ruling dynasties and client rulers who would be loyal to him yet would ultimately outlast him. These included Herod I of Judea, Amyntas of Galatia, Polemon I of Pontus and Archelaus of Cappadocia.
In this arrangement Cleopatra gained significant former Ptolemaic territories in the Levant. This included nearly all of Phoenicia (centered in what is now modern Lebanon) minus Tyre and Sidon, which remained in Roman hands. She also received Ptolemais Akko (modern Acre, Israel), a city that Ptolemy II established. Given her ancestral relations with the Seleucids, Antony granted her the region of Koile-Syria along the upper Orontes River. She was even given the region surrounding Jericho in Palestine, but she leased this territory back to Herod. At the expense of the Nabataean king Malichus I (a cousin of Herod), Cleopatra was also given a portion of the Nabataean Kingdom around the Gulf of Aqaba on the Red Sea, including Ailana (modern Aqaba, Jordan). To the west Cleopatra was handed Cyrene along the Libyan coast, as well as Itanos and Olous in Roman Crete. This restored much of the territory lost by the Ptolemies, but did not include any territories in the Aegean Sea or southwest Asia Minor. Cleopatra's control over much of these new territories was nominal, and they were still administered by Roman officials. Nevertheless, they enriched her kingdom and led her to declare the inauguration of a new era by double-dating her coinage in 36 BC.
Antony's rival Octavian exploited the enlargement of the Ptolemaic realm by relinquishing directly controlled Roman territory. Octavian tapped into public sentiment in Rome against the empowerment of a foreign queen at the expense of their Republic. Octavian also fostered the narrative that Antony was neglecting his virtuous Roman wife Octavia. He granted her and his wife Livia the extraordinary privileges of sacrosanctity. Cornelia Africana, daughter of Scipio Africanus, mother of the reformists Tiberius and Gaius Gracchus, and love interest of Cleopatra's great-grandfather Ptolemy VIII, was the first living Roman woman to have a statue dedicated in her honor. She was followed by Octavian's sister Octavia and his wife Livia, whose statues were most likely erected in the Forum of Caesar to rival that of Cleopatra's statue erected there earlier by Julius Caesar.
In 36 BC, Cleopatra accompanied Antony to the Euphrates River, perhaps as far as Seleucia at the Zeugma, on the first leg of his journey to invade the Parthian Empire. She then toured of some of her newly acquired territories. She traveled past Damascus and entered the lands of Herod, who escorted her in lavish conditions back to the Egyptian border town of Pelousion. Her main reason for returning to Egypt was her advanced state of pregnancy. By the summer of 36 BC she gave birth to Ptolemy Philadelphus, her second son with Antony. He was also named after the second monarch of the Ptolemaic dynasty in what Cleopatra almost certainly intended as a prophetic gesture that the Ptolemaic Kingdom would be restored to its former glory.
Antony's Parthian campaign in 36 BC turned into a complete debacle having been stymied by a number of factors such as extreme weather, the spread of disease, and the betrayal of Artavasdes II of Armenia, who defected to the Parthian side. After losing some 30,000 men, more so than Crassus at Carrhae (an indignity he had hoped to avenge), Antony finally arrived at Leukokome near Berytus (modern Beirut, Lebanon) in December. He engaged in heavy drinking before Cleopatra arrived to provide funds and clothing for his battered troops. Octavia offered to lend him more troops for another expedition. Antony wished to avoid the political pitfalls of returning to Rome, however, so traveled with Cleopatra back to Alexandria to see his newborn son.
Donations of Alexandria.
Antony prepared for another Parthian expedition in 35 BC, this time aimed at their ally Armenia. As he did so Octavia traveled to Athens with 2,000 troops in alleged support of Antony. This was most likely a scheme devised by Octavian to embarrass Antony for his military losses. Antony received the troops and told Octavia not to stray east of Athens. He and Cleopatra traveled together to Antioch, only to suddenly and inexplicably abandon the military campaign and head back to Alexandria. When Octavia returned to Rome Octavian portrayed his sister as a victim wronged by Antony. She refused to leave Antony's household, however, and return to Octavian's in Rome. Octavian's confidence grew as he eliminated his rivals in the west. These included Sextus Pompeius and even Lepidus, the third member of the triumvirate, who was placed under house arrest after revolting against Octavian in Sicily.
Antony sent Quintus Dellius as his envoy to Artavasdes II of Armenia in 34 BC to negotiate a potential marriage alliance between the Armenian king's daughter and Antony and Cleopatra's son Alexander Helios. When this was declined, Antony marched his army into Armenia, defeated its forces and captured the king and the Armenian royal family. They were sent back to Alexandria as prisoners in golden chains befitting their royal status. Antony then held a military parade in Alexandria mocking a Roman triumph. He dressed as Dionysos and rode into the city on a chariot presenting the royal prisoners to Queen Cleopatra, who sat on a golden throne above a silver dais. News of this event was heavily criticized in Rome as being distasteful, if not a perversion of time-honored Roman rites and rituals to be enjoyed instead by an Egyptian queen and her subjects.
In an event held at the gymnasium soon after the triumph, known as the Donations of Alexandria, Cleopatra dressed as Isis and declared that she was the Queen of Kings with her son Caesarion, King of Kings. She declared Alexander Helios, dressed as a Median, king of Armenia, Medes, and Parthia, and two-year-old Ptolemy Philadelphos, dressed as a Macedonian-Greek ruler, king of Syria and Cilicia. Cleopatra Selene was also bestowed with Crete and Cyrene. Given the polemic, contradictory, and fragmentary nature of primary sources from the period, it is uncertain if Cleopatra and Antony were also formally wed at this ceremony or if they had any marriage at all. However, coins of Antony and Cleopatra depict them in the typical manner of a Hellenistic royal couple. Antony then sent a report to Rome requesting ratification of these territorial claims, which Octavian wanted to publicize for propaganda purposes, but the two consuls, both supporters of Antony, had it censored from public view.
In late 34 BC, following the Donations of Alexandria, Antony and Octavian engaged in a heated war of propaganda that would last for years. Antony claimed that his rival had illegally deposed Lepidus from their triumvirate and barred him from raising troops in Italy. Octavian accused Antony of unlawfully detaining the king of Armenia, marrying Cleopatra despite still being married to his sister Octavia, and wrongfully claiming Caesarion as the heir of Caesar instead of Octavian. The litany of accusations and gossip associated with this propaganda war have shaped popular perceptions of Cleopatra from Augustan-period literature to various media in modern times.
Aside from casual criticisms of Cleopatra's extravagant lifestyle and corruption of simple Antony with her opulence, she was also said by some Roman authors to have resorted to witchcraft as a lethal sorceress. She not only toyed with the idea of poisoning many, Antony included, but also intended to conquer and punish Rome itself. She a woman as dangerous as Homer's Helen of Troy in toppling the order of civilization. Antony was generally viewed as having lost his judgment, brainwashed by Cleopatra's magic spells. Antony's supporters rebutted with tales of Octavian's wild and promiscuous sex life, while graffiti now often appeared slandering either side as being sexually obscene. Cleopatra had a conveniently timed Sibylline oracle claim that Rome would be punished but that peace and reconciliation would follow in a golden age led by the queen. In an account of Lucius Munatius Plancus, preserved in Horace's "Satires", Cleopatra was said to have made a bet that she could spend 2.5 million drachmas in a single evening. She proved it by removing a pearl, one of the most expensive known, from one of her earrings and dissolving it in vinegar at her dinner party. The accusation that Antony had stolen the books of the Library of Pergamon to restock the Library of Alexandria, however, was an admitted fabrication by Gaius Calvisius Sabinus. He may have been the source of many other slanders of Antony in support of Octavian's side.
A papyrus document dated to February 33 BC contains with little doubt the signature handwriting of Cleopatra VII. It concerns certain tax exemptions in Egypt granted to Publius Canidius Crassus (or Quintus Caecillius), former Roman consul and Antony's confidant who would command his land forces at Actium. A subscript in a different handwriting at the bottom of the papyrus reads "make it happen" (), undoubtedly the autograph of the queen, as it was Ptolemaic practice to countersign documents to avoid forgery.
Battle of Actium.
In a speech to the Roman Senate on the first day of his consulship on 1 January 33 BC, Octavian accused Antony of attempting to subvert Roman freedoms and authority as a slave to his Oriental queen, who he said was given lands that rightfully belonged to the Romans. Before Antony and Octavian's joint "imperium" expired on 31 December 33 BC, Antony declared Caesarion as the true heir of Julius Caesar in an attempt to undermine Octavian. On 1 January 32 BC the Antonian loyalists Gaius Sosius and Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus were elected as consuls. On 1 February 32 BC Sosius gave a fiery speech condemning Octavian, now a private citizen without public office, introducing pieces of legislation against him. During the next senatorial session, Octavian entered the Senate house with armed guards and levied his own accusations against the consuls. Intimidated by this act, the next day the consuls and over two-hundred senators still in support of Antony fled Rome and joined his side. Antony established his own counter Roman Senate. Although he held military office and his reputation was still largely intact, Antony was still fundamentally reliant on Cleopatra for military support. The couple traveled together to Ephesus in 32 BC, where Cleopatra provided him with 200 naval ships of the 800 total he was able to acquire.
Domitius Ahenobarbus, wary of having Octavian's propaganda confirmed to the public, attempted to persuade Antony to have Cleopatra excluded entirely from the military efforts launched against Octavian. Publius Canidius Crassus made the counterargument that Cleopatra was funding the war effort and, as a long-reigning monarch, was by no means inferior to the male allied kings Antony had summoned for the campaign. Cleopatra refused Antony's requests that she return to Egypt, judging that by blocking Octavian in Greece she could defend Egypt more easily from him. Cleopatra's insistence that she be involved in the battle for Greece led to defections of prominent Romans such as Domitius Ahenobarbus and Lucius Munatius Plancus.
During the spring of 32 BC Antony and Cleopatra traveled to Samos and then Athens, where Cleopatra was reportedly well received. She persuaded Antony to send Octavia an official declaration of divorce. This encouraged Munatius Plancus to advise Octavian that he should seize Antony's will, invested with the Vestal Virgins. Although a violation of sacred customs and legal rights, Octavian forcefully acquired the document from the Temple of Vesta. It was a useful tool in the propaganda war against Antony and Cleopatra. In the selective public reading of the will, Octavian highlighted the claim that Caesarion was heir to Caesar, that the Donations of Alexandria were legal, that Antony should be buried alongside Cleopatra in Egypt instead of Rome, and that Alexandria would be made the new capital of the Roman Republic. In a show of loyalty to Rome, Octavian decided to begin construction of his own mausoleum at the Campus Martius. His legal standing was also improved by being elected consul in 31 BC, reentering public office. With Antony's will made public, Octavian had his "casus belli" and Rome declared war on Cleopatra, not Antony. The legal argument for war was based less on Cleopatra's territorial acquisitions, with former Roman territories ruled by her children with Antony, and more on the fact that she was providing military support to a private citizen now that Antony's triumviral authority had expired. Octavian's wish to invade Egypt also coincided with his financial concern of collecting the massive debts owed to Caesar by Cleopatra's father Ptolemy XII. These were passed on to Cleopatra and were now the prerogative of Octavian, Caesar's heir.
Antony and Cleopatra had greater numbers of troops (i.e. 100,000 men) and ships (i.e. 800 vessels) than Octavian, who reportedly had 200 ships and 80,000 men. However, the crews of Antony and Cleopatra's navy were not all well-trained, some of them perhaps from merchant vessels, whereas Octavian had a fully professional force. Antony wanted to cross the Adriatic Sea and blockade Octavian at either Tarentum or Brundisium, but Cleopatra, concerned primarily with defending Egypt, overrode the decision to attack Italy directly. Antony and Cleopatra set up their winter headquarters at Patrai in Greece and by the spring of 31 BC they moved to Actium along the southern Ambracian Gulf. With this position Cleopatra had the defense of Egypt in mind, as any southward movement by Octavian's fleet along the coast of Greece could be detected.
Cleopatra and Antony had the support of various allied kings. Conflict between Cleopatra and Herod had previously erupted and an earthquake in Judea provided an excuse for him and his forces not to be present at Actium in support of the couple. They also lost the support of Malichus I of Nabataea, which would prove to have strategic consequences. Antony and Cleopatra lost several skirmishes against Octavian around Actium during the summer of 31 BC. Defections to Octavian's camp continued, including Antony's long-time companion Quintus Dellius. The allied kings also began to defect to Octavian's side, starting with Amyntas of Galatia and Deiotaros of Paphlagonia. While some in Antony's camp suggested abandoning the naval conflict to retreat inland and face Octavian in the Greek interior, Cleopatra urged for a naval confrontation to keep Octavian's fleet away from Egypt.
On 2 September 31 BC the naval forces of Octavian, led by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, met those of Antony and Cleopatra for a decisive engagement, the Battle of Actium. On board her flagship the "Antonias", Cleopatra commanded 60 ships at the mouth of the Ambracian Gulf, at the rear of the fleet. This was likely a move by Antony's officers to marginalize her during the battle. Antony had ordered that their ships have sails on board for a better chance to pursue or flee from the enemy. Cleopatra, ever-concerned about defending Egypt, used them to move swiftly through the area of major combat in a strategic withdrawal to the Peloponnese. Burstein writes that partisan Roman writers would later accuse Cleopatra of cowardly deserting Antony, but their original intention of keeping their sails on board may have been to break the blockade and salvage as much of their fleet as possible. Antony followed her and boarded her ship, identified by its distinctive purple sails, as the two escaped the battle and headed for Tainaron. Antony reportedly avoided Cleopatra during this three-day voyage, until her ladies in waiting at Tainaron urged him to speak with her. The Battle of Actium raged on without Cleopatra and Antony, until the morning of 3 September, when there were massive defections of both officers, troops, and even allied kings to Octavian's side.
Downfall and death.
While Octavian occupied Athens, Antony and Cleopatra landed at Paraitonion in Egypt. The couple went their separate ways. Antony went to Cyrene to raise more troops. Cleopatra sailed into the harbor at Alexandria in a misleading attempt to portray the activities in Greece as a victory. Conflicting reports make it unclear if Cleopatra had financial difficulties at this juncture or not. Some claims, such as robbing temples of their wealth to pay for her military expenditures, were likely Augustan propaganda. It is also uncertain if she actually executed Artavasdes II of Armenia and sent his head to his rival Artavasdes I, king of Media Atropatene, in an attempt to strike an alliance with him.
Lucius Pinarius, Mark Antony's appointed governor of Cyrene, received word that Octavian had won the Battle of Actium before Antony's messengers could arrive at his court. Pinarius had these messengers executed and defected to Octavian's side, surrendering to him the four legions under his command that Antony wanted to obtain. Antony nearly committed suicide after this news but his staff officers stopped him. In Alexandria he built a reclusive cottage on the island of Pharos. He nicknamed it the "Timoneion", after the philosopher Timon of Athens, who was famous for his cynicism and misanthropy. Herod the Great, who had personally advised Antony after the Battle of Actium that he should betray Cleopatra, traveled to Rhodes to meet Octavian and resign his kingship out of loyalty to Antony. Impressed by his speech and sense of loyalty, Octavian allowed him to maintain his position in Judea, further isolating Antony and Cleopatra.
Cleopatra perhaps started to view Antony as a liability by the late summer of 31 BC, when she prepared to leave Egypt to her son Caesarion. As an object of Roman hostility, Cleopatra would relinquish her throne and remove herself from the equation by taking her fleet from the Mediterranean into the Red Sea and then setting sail to a foreign port, perhaps in India where she could spend time recuperating. However, these plans were ultimately abandoned when Malichus I of Nabataea, as advised by Octavian's governor of Syria Quintus Didius, managed to burn Cleopatra's fleet, in revenge for his losses in a war with Herod largely initiated by Cleopatra. Cleopatra had no option but to stay in Egypt and negotiate with Octavian. Although most likely pro-Octavian propaganda, it was reported at this time that Cleopatra had begun testing the strengths of various poisons on prisoners and even her own servants.
Cleopatra had Caesarion enter into the ranks of the "ephebi". This, along with reliefs on a stele from Koptos dated 21 September 31 BC, demonstrate that she was now grooming her son to become the sole ruler of Egypt. In a show of solidarity Antony also had Marcus Antonius Antyllus, his son with Fulvia, enter the "ephebi" at the same time. Separate messages and envoys from Antony and Cleopatra were then sent to Octavian, still stationed at Rhodes, although Octavian seems to have replied only to Cleopatra. Cleopatra requested that her children inherit Egypt and that Antony be allowed to live there in exile. She offered Octavian money in the future and immediately sent him gifts of a golden scepter, crown, and throne. Octavian sent his diplomat Thyrsos to Cleopatra after she had threatened to immolate herself and vast amounts of her treasure within a tomb already under construction. Thyrsos advised her to kill Antony so that her life would be spared. When Antony suspected foul intent, however, he had this diplomat flogged and sent back to Octavian without a deal. From Octavian's point of view, Lepidus could be trusted under house arrest. Antony, however, had to be eliminated, and Caesarion, the rival heir to Julius Caesar, could not be trusted either.
After lengthy negotiations that ultimately produced no results, Octavian set out to invade Egypt in the spring of 30 BC. He stopped at Ptolemais in Phoenicia where his new ally Herod entertained him and provided his army with fresh supplies. Octavian moved south and swiftly took Pelousion, while Cornelius Gallus, marching eastward from Cyrene, defeated Antony's forces near Paraitonion. Octavian advanced quickly to Alexandria. Antony returned and won a small victory over Octavian's tired troops outside the city's hippodrome. However, on 1 August 30 BC Antony's naval fleet surrendered to Octavian, followed by his cavalry. Cleopatra hid herself in her tomb with her close attendants, sending a message to Antony that she had committed suicide. In despair, Antony responded by stabbing himself in the stomach, taking his own life at age 53. According to Plutarch, however, Antony was allegedly still dying when he was brought to Cleopatra at her tomb. Plutarch told her Antony had died honorably in a contest against a fellow Roman, and that she could trust Octavian's companion Gaius Proculeius over anyone else in his entourage. It was Proculeius, however, who infiltrated her tomb using a ladder and detained the queen, denying her the ability to immolate herself with her treasures. Cleopatra was then allowed to embalm and bury Antony within her tomb before she was escorted to the palace.
Octavian entered Alexandria and gave a speech of reconciliation at the gymnasium before settling in the palace and seizing Cleopatra's three youngest children. When she met with Octavian she looked disheveled but still retained her poise and classic charm. She told him bluntly, "I will not be led in a triumph" () according to Livy, a rare recording of her exact words. Octavian promised that he would keep her alive but offered no explanation about his plans for her kingdom. When a spy informed her that Octavian planned to move her and her children to Rome in three days she prepared for suicide. She had no intention of being paraded in a Roman triumph like her sister Arsinoe IV. It is unclear if Cleopatra's suicide, in August 30 BC at age 39, took place within the palace or her tomb. It is said her servants Eiras and Charmion also took their own lives to accompany her. Octavian was apparently angered by this outcome but had her buried in royal fashion next to Antony in her tomb. Cleopatra's physician Olympos did not give an account of the cause of her death. The popular belief is that she allowed an asp, or Egyptian cobra, to bite and poison her. Plutarch relates this tale, but then suggests an implement ("knestis") was used to introduce the toxin by scratching. Cassius Dio says that she injected the poison with a needle ("belone"), and Strabo argued for an ointment of some kind. No venomous snake was found with her body, but she did have tiny puncture wounds on her arm that could have been caused by a needle.
Cleopatra, though long desiring to preserve her kingdom, decided in her last moments to send Caesarion away to Upper Egypt perhaps with plans to flee to Nubia, Ethiopia or India. Caesarion, now Ptolemy XV, reigned for a mere eighteen days until he was executed on the orders of Octavian on 29 August 30 BC. He had been returning to Alexandria under the false pretense that Octavian would allow him to be king. Octavian hesitated to have him killed at first, but the advice of philosopher and friend Arius Didymus convinced him there was room for only one Caesar in the world. With the fall of the Ptolemaic Kingdom, Egypt was made into a Roman province. This marked the end of Hellenistic Egypt and the entire Hellenistic age that had begun with the reign of Alexander the Great (336–323 BC) of Macedon. In January 27 BC Octavian was renamed Augustus ('the revered') and amassed constitutional powers that established him as the first Roman emperor, inaugurating the Principate era of the Roman Empire. Roman emperors were thereafter considered pharaohs of Egypt, but unlike the Ptolemaic rulers they did not reside in Egypt. Octavian, now Augustus, distanced himself from Egyptian royal rituals, such as coronation in the Egyptian style or worshiping the Apis bull. He was, however, depicted in Egyptian temples as a typical pharaoh making sacrifices to the gods. Unlike regular Roman provinces, Octavian established Egypt as territory under his personal control. He barred the Roman Senate from intervening in any of its affairs and appointed his own equestrian governors of Egypt, the first of whom was Cornelius Gallus.
Egypt under the monarchy of Cleopatra.
Cleopatra's personal rule of Egypt followed the model of virtual absolute monarchy that had existed in the Kingdom of Macedon in northern Greece, the homeland of Alexander the Great, before he and his successors, the "Diadochi", spread this style of monarchy throughout the conquered Achaemenid Persian Empire. Classical Greece (480–336 BC) had contained a variety of city-states (i.e. "poleis") possessing various forms of government, including democracy and oligarchy. These city-states continued to have these forms of government in Hellenistic Greece (336–146 BC) and even later Roman Greece. They were heavily influenced and in many cases dominated by the Hellenistic monarchies of the Antigonid, Seleucid, and Ptolemaic realms. Beginning with the reign of Ptolemy I Soter, founder of the Ptolemaic dynasty, the Ptolemaic Kingdom had fought a series of conflicts—the Syrian Wars—against the Seleucid Empire over control of Syria. Cleopatra's kingdom was based in Egypt but she desired to expand it and incorporate territories of North Africa, West Asia, and the eastern Mediterranean Basin that had belonged to her illustrious ancestor Ptolemy I Soter.
Cleopatra was nominally the sole lawgiver in her kingdom. As proven by the discovery of a papyrus signed by Cleopatra granting tax exemptions to Antony's Roman colleague Quintus Cascellius, she was directly involved in the administrative affairs of her kingdom. The Musaeum and adjacent Library of Alexandria attracted scholars from all over the Hellenistic world, who were also allowed to live in Egypt with total tax exemptions. Cleopatra was also the chief religious authority in the kingdom, carrying out rituals and rites in the ancient Egyptian religion that her native Egyptian subjects viewed as preventing the destruction of the world. Given the largely-Greek presence and multicultural nature of Ptolemaic cities like Alexandria, Cleopatra was also obligated to oversee religious ceremonies honoring the various Greek deities. Ethnic Greeks staffed the upper levels of government administrations, albeit within the framework of the scribal bureaucracy that had existed in Egypt since the Old Kingdom. Many administrators of Cleopatra's royal court had served during her father's reign, although some of them were killed in the civil war between her and Ptolemy XIII. The names of more than twenty regional governors serving under Cleopatra are known from inscriptions and papyri records, indicating some were ethnic Greeks and others were native Egyptians. 
Two legally-defined classes divided Ptolemaic Egyptian society: Greeks and Egyptians. Macedonians and Greeks inhabited the city-states of Alexandria, Naukratis, and Ptolemais Hermiou. Considered full citizens of those "poleis", they were forbidden to marry native Egyptians (although Greeks living outside of these municipalities could). Native Egyptians and even Jews could be classified as Greeks if they abandoned their original cultures, received a Greek education, labeled their gods and goddesses with Greek names, and embraced the Greek lifestyle. Native Egyptians had been largely excluded from serving in the military by the reign of Ptolemy II, replaced by Greek and Jewish landholders called cleruchs. By the reign of Ptolemy IV in the late 3rd century BC they were reintroduced as phalangite soldiers. Large migrations of Greeks to Egypt ceased by the 2nd century BC, so that the Greek minority in Ptolemaic Egypt remained demographically small.
Although Egyptian priests were often wealthy landowners who rivaled the wealth of the Ptolemaic pharaohs, the Ptolemaic monarchs technically owned all Egyptian lands as part of their estate. Virtually all aspects of the Egyptian economy were nominally tightly controlled or supervised by the central government headquartered in Alexandria. The Ptolemaic rulers exacted high tariffs on imported and exported goods, established price controls for various goods, imposed high exchange rates for foreign currencies, established state monopolies over certain industries such as vegetable oil and textile production, and forced farming peasants to stay in their villages during planting and harvesting periods. However, the effectiveness of these policies and the authority of Ptolemaic rulers, including Cleopatra, to execute them fully were more of an ideal than a reality. Cleopatra and many of her royal predecessors found it necessary to clear all the private debts of their subjects to the government at the start of their reigns, due to widespread financial corruption by local officials abusing the general populace. Abuses often led workers to partake in general strikes until the government agreed to meet their demands. At the beginning of her reign, local officials harassed destitute farmers by collecting taxes during a famine and drought. Cleopatra curtailed these predatory measures and introduced relief efforts such as releasing grain from the royal granary.
Both Ptolemy XII and Cleopatra VII found it necessary to debase Ptolemaic coinage due to financial troubles. No gold coins are known from Cleopatra's reign, while use of bronze coins was revived (absent since the reign of Ptolemy IX) and silver currency was debased roughly 40% by the end of her reign. Coins struck under Cleopatra's reign came from a wide geographical expanse, including sites in Egypt like Alexandria, but also the island of Cyprus, Antioch, Damascus and Chalcis ad Belum in Syria, Tripolis in Phoenicia, Askalon in Judea, and Cyrenaica in Libya. Surviving coins minted under Cleopatra include those from virtually every year of her reign. They commonly bore an image of Cleopatra, along with that of the goddess Isis. Some imitate the coinage of her Ptolemaic ancestor Arsinoe II. Coins struck with Mark Antony include Roman "denarii" with dual images of Cleopatra and Antony, the first time that a foreign queen appeared on Roman coins with Latin inscriptions.
In addition to various ancient Greco-Roman works of art and literature depicting the queen, Cleopatra's legacy has partially survived in some of her ambitious building programs in Egypt utilizing Greek, Roman, and Egyptian styles of architecture. She established a Caesareum temple dedicated to the worship of her partner Julius Caesar near the palatial seafront of Alexandria. Its entrance was flanked by 200-ton rose granite obelisks, monuments placed there by Augustus in 13/12 BC. These were later known as Cleopatra's Needles and were relocated to New York and London in the 19th century. In conjunction with renewing a grant of asylum to Jews in Egypt and the pro-Jewish policies of Julius Caesar, Cleopatra also erected a synagogue in Alexandria. The city required extensive rebuilding following the civil war with her brother Ptolemy XIII, including necessary repairs to the Gymnasium and the Lighthouse of Alexandria on the island of Pharos. It is not known if Cleopatra made significant repairs or alterations to the Library of Alexandria or the royal palace, although Lucan hints at the latter. Cleopatra also began construction of her tomb (finished by Augustus) in the same palace precinct as the Tomb of Alexander the Great. Although the exact location of both of these is still unknown, Cleopatra's tomb may have served as the model for the Mausoleum of Augustus and that of later Roman emperors.
Although established earlier, Cleopatra resumed construction of the Dendera Temple complex (near modern Qena, Egypt). Reliefs were made depicting Cleopatra and her son Caesarion presenting offerings to the deities Hathor and Ihy, mirroring images of offerings to Isis and Horus. At the Hathor-Isis temple of Deir el-Medina, Cleopatra erected a large granite stela with dual inscriptions in Ancient Greek and Demotic Egyptian and images depicting her worshiping Montu and her son Caesarion worshiping Amun-Ra. The cult center of Montu at Hermonthis was refashioned with images of Caesarion's divine birth by Julius Caesar, depicted as Amun-Ra. It included an elaborate facade and entrance kiosk with large columns bearing the cartouches of Cleopatra and Caesarion. In the front entrance pylon of the Temple of Edfu, built by her father Ptolemy XII, Cleopatra erected two granite statues of Horus guarding the miniature figure of Caesarion. Construction of a temple dedicated to the goddess Isis at Ptolemais Hermiou was overseen by Cleopatra's regional governor Kallimachos.
References.
Cited in text.
Online sources
Printed sources

</doc>
<doc id="56971114" url="?curid=56971114" title="Thurmann (disambiguation)">
Thurmann (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56971115" url="?curid=56971115" title="Thurmond (disambiguation)">
Thurmond (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56971118" url="?curid=56971118" title="Hanaford Valley">
Hanaford Valley

Hanaford Valley is a valley in the U.S. state of Washington.
Hanaford Valley has the name of Theophilus G. and Lucy Hapwood Hanaford, pioneer citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="56971124" url="?curid=56971124" title="Kalamazoo State Theatre">
Kalamazoo State Theatre


</doc>
<doc id="56971128" url="?curid=56971128" title="Thurmond House (disambiguation)">
Thurmond House (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56971130" url="?curid=56971130" title="Bob Dawson (television host)">
Bob Dawson (television host)

Robert "Bob" Dawson (May 9, 1924 – October 20, 2014) or "Sheriff Bob" was an American television personality, meteorologist, and producer. Dawson was famous for creating and hosting the children's television series "Sheriff Bob," which featured his kind-hearted personality and direct connection to his young audiences. The program aired from 1954 until 1978.
Early and personal life.
Dawson was born in Des Moines, Iowa on May 9, 1924, the son of Leland Wayne and Lillian Opal Dawson. After high school he attended Drake University and the American Institute of the Air studying Radio Broadcasting. Dawson served his country in the U.S. Army during World War II as an Artillery Sergeant where he received the Bronze Star.
Throughout the years Dawson worked a variety of jobs. Following the war, he worked as the morning DJ at KCBC and as an on-air announcer at KGTV in Des Moines. He later moved to Eau Claire where he worked at WEAU for 24 years, then in public relations at the Eau Claire Consumer's Cooperative for 11 years. Dawson worked for a short time at Luther Hospital and was elected to serve on the Eau Claire County Board for several years.
Television career.
In 1954, Dawson began working at WEAU, a Wisconsin television station. Dawson was the meteorologist during newscasts. Dawson created the Sheriff Bob program for the station in 1954. The show ran for about 25 years and featured a live studio audience of children. Dawson also visited children in area hospitals boosting their spirits and making them smile.
Death and honors.
Dawson died in 2014 at the age of 90. He is interred at Rest Haven Cemetery.
In 2007, the Eau Claire County Board recognized Dawson and named him as 'Honorary Sheriff.' A documentary was produced about Sheriff Bob's life and aired on public television stations.

</doc>
<doc id="56971132" url="?curid=56971132" title="1998 CR Vasco da Gama season">
1998 CR Vasco da Gama season

The 1998 season was Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama's 100th year in existence, the club's 83rd season in existence of football, and the club's 28th season playing in the Brasileirão Série A, the top flight of Brazilian football.
Competitions.
"Times from 1 January to 14 February 1998 and from 11 October to 31 December 1998 are UTC–2, from 15 February 1998 to 10 October 1998 ."
Copa Libertadores.
Vasco da Gama joined the competition in the group stage.
Statistics.
Squad appearances and goals.
! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards

</doc>
<doc id="56971151" url="?curid=56971151" title="Haridevpur">
Haridevpur

Haridevpur is a region of South West in Kolkata of the state of West Bengal of the country of India
Geography.
Police district.
Haridevpur police station is part of the South West division of Kolkata Police. It is located at 559 Mahatma Gandhi Road, Kolkata-700082.
Behala Women police station, located at the same address as above, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the South West division i.e. Sarsuna, Taratala, Behala, Parnasree, Thakurpukur and Haridevpur.
Jadavpur, Thakurpukur, Behala, Purba Jadavpur, Tiljala, Regent Park, Metiabruz, Nadial and Kasba police stations were transferred from South 24 Parganas to Kolkata in 2011. Except Metiabruz, all the police stations were split into two. The new police stations are Parnasree, Haridevpur, Garfa, Patuli, Survey Park, Pragati Maidan, Bansdroni and Rajabagan.
Transport.
Haridevpur is on Mahatma Gandhi Road linking Thakurpukur and Joka with Tollygunge.

</doc>
<doc id="56971157" url="?curid=56971157" title="The Tennis Court Oath (disambiguation)">
The Tennis Court Oath (disambiguation)

The Tennis Court Oath is an event in the French Revolution.
The Tennis Court Oath may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56971158" url="?curid=56971158" title="The Bulletin of Zoological Nomenclature">
The Bulletin of Zoological Nomenclature


</doc>
<doc id="56971167" url="?curid=56971167" title="Tennis court (disambiguation)">
Tennis court (disambiguation)

A tennis court is a venue where the sport of tennis is played.
Tennis court may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56971168" url="?curid=56971168" title="Juan José González Rivas">
Juan José González Rivas

Juan José González Rivas (born 10 May 1951) is a Spanish jurist and magistrate. He is the President of the Spanish Constitutional Court since 22 March 2017, of which he has been a member since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56971171" url="?curid=56971171" title="Schoolwork (Apple)">
Schoolwork (Apple)


</doc>
<doc id="56971180" url="?curid=56971180" title="Carsey-Werner Television">
Carsey-Werner Television


</doc>
<doc id="56971183" url="?curid=56971183" title="Dugu sisters">
Dugu sisters

The Dugu sisters were part-Xianbei, part-Han sisters of the Dugu clan who lived in the Western Wei (535–557), Northern Zhou (557–581) and Sui (581–618) dynasties of China. All were daughters of the Western Wei general Dugu Xin. The eldest sister became a Northern Zhou Empress, the seventh sister became a Sui dynasty Empress, and the fourth sister was posthumously honored as an Empress of the Tang dynasty (618–907). The seventh sister Dugu Qieluo, in particular, was one of the most influential women in ancient China history, owing to her closeness to her husband, the Emperor Wen of Sui, throughout their 45-year monogamous marriage. Some authors wrote that the three sisters "married emperors" or "married into imperial families". However, at the time of their marriages, none of their husbands were members of an imperial family (yet): each of the three sisters became an Empress or a posthumous Empress after a dynastic change. Out of the three dynasty changes, only the first—the usurpation of the Western Wei throne by the Yuwens—is considered a long time coming, in which the Dugus played no role. In both Yang Jian's and Li Yuan's (Emperor Gaozu of Tang) rise to power, family ties to the ruling house (through the sisters and Dugu Qieluo's daughter Yang Lihua) were important.
Basic information.
No physical descriptions of them survived but their father was said to be very handsome. Dugu Xin was an ethnic (sinicized) Xianbei but both his wives Lady Guo and Lady Cui appear to be Han Chinese. The Dugus were all literate (in Classical Chinese), cultivated, and pious Buddhists.
In popular culture.
The 2018 Chinese TV series "The Legend of Dugu" stars Hu Bingqing as Dugu Jialuo (i.e. Dugu Qieluo), Ady An as the eldest sister Dugu Banruo, and Li Yixiao as the middle sister Dugu Mantuo.

</doc>
<doc id="56971184" url="?curid=56971184" title="Empress Dugu (disambiguation)">
Empress Dugu (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56971200" url="?curid=56971200" title="Samuel D. Thurman">
Samuel D. Thurman


</doc>
<doc id="56971202" url="?curid=56971202" title="Legendre Polynomials">
Legendre Polynomials


</doc>
<doc id="56971204" url="?curid=56971204" title="Hazard Lake">
Hazard Lake

Hazard Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Hazard Lake was named after Hazard Stevens, who operated a farm near the site.

</doc>
<doc id="56971206" url="?curid=56971206" title="Koshigaya Municipal General Gymnasium">
Koshigaya Municipal General Gymnasium

Koshigaya Municipal General Gymnasium is an arena in Koshigaya, Saitama, Japan. It is the home arena of the Koshigaya Alphas of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league.

</doc>
<doc id="56971208" url="?curid=56971208" title="26th TVyNovelas Awards Colombia">
26th TVyNovelas Awards Colombia

The 26th TVyNovelas Awards Colombia ceremony, took place on 16 September 2017 at the Chamorro Entertainment City Hall events center in Bogotá. The ceremony is presented by Iván López, and Mabel Moreno.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().

</doc>
<doc id="56971218" url="?curid=56971218" title="2021–22 CONCACAF Nations League">
2021–22 CONCACAF Nations League


</doc>
<doc id="56971232" url="?curid=56971232" title="Helsing Junction, Washington">
Helsing Junction, Washington

Helsing Junction is an unincorporated community in Thurston County, in the U.S. state of Washington. 
History.
A variant name is "Helsing". The name "Helsing" is a corruption of "Helsingfors", meaning "Helsinki" in Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="56971233" url="?curid=56971233" title="Helsing, Washington">
Helsing, Washington


</doc>
<doc id="56971239" url="?curid=56971239" title="Timeline of the Qing dynasty">
Timeline of the Qing dynasty

This is a timeline of the Qing dynasty (1636–1912).

</doc>
<doc id="56971252" url="?curid=56971252" title="Arikesari I">
Arikesari I

Arikesari I (r. c. 775–800 CE) was an Indian ruler from the Vemulavada Chalukya dynasty. He was a vassal of the Rashtrakuta king Dhruva Dharavarsha and appears to have helped his overlord subjugate the Vengi Chalukya ruler Vishnuvardhana IV.
Reign.
Arikesari was a son of his predecessor Vinayaditya; he had a brother named Biragriha.
The records of Arikesari's successors state that he conquered the kingdoms of Vengi and Trikalinga during the reign of his overlord Nirupama-deva, who can be identified as the Rashtrakuta king Dhruva Dharavarsha. Dhruva had ascended the throne after a war of succession against his brother Govinda II, who had been supported by the Vengi Chalukya king Vishnuvardhana IV. It appears that after consolidating his power, Dhruva sent an army led by Arikesari to chastise Vishnuvardhana, whose territories included Vengi and Trikalinga. Vishnuvardhana later negotiated peace, and married his daughter Shila-mahadevi to Dhruva.
It was probably Arikesari, who moved the dynasty's capital from Podana (modern Bodhan) to Vemulavada. He was succeeded by his son Narasimha I.
Inscription.
The undated Kollipara copper-plate inscription, assigned to 9th century, records a village grant made by Arikesari to the religious leader Mugdha-shivacharya. However, its authenticity of the inscription is doubtful, because it provides a false genealogy of the dynasty, and a verse in it suggests that it was written in year 4121 of the "Kali Yuga" (1019-20 CE), half a century after the Vemulavada Chalukya dynasty came to an end.
The inscription comprises 5 copper-plates, and is written in Sanskrit language using the Telugu-Kannada script. It includes 18 verses in various metres, including four imprecatory verses at the end, and three prose passages describing the village boundaries.
The inscription states that Arikesari was a member of the Lunar dynasty, and names his ancestors as follows: Satyashraya Rana-Vikrama, Prithvipati, Maharaja, Rajaditya, and Vinayaditya. It then describes Vinayaditya as a great conqueror, before whom kings of several kingdoms bowed.
The inscription describes Arikesari as a just king and a skilled archer, who bore the titles "Samasta-lokashraya", "Tribhuvana-malla", "Raja-trinetra", and "Sahasa-rama". It states that he was a learned man, who was proficient in grammar, law, medicine, and "gaja-tantra". The inscription describes Arikesari's grant as a "vida-dana" ("gift for imparting education").
The record names the donee Mugdha-shivacharya as a disciple of Sadyassivacharya of Arikuta gurukula, which was probably a branch of the Kalamukha sect. It states that Mugdha-shivacharya lived at Elishvara (modern Yeleswaram in Nalgonda district), and survived on a diet of only vegetables.
The name of the granted village was Belmoga, which was located in the Ramadu-vishaya (province). It was located to the south of the Urige village, and at the centre of the Tuvatoru, Parivaturla, Pulcheruval, and Potuvodupi villages.

</doc>
<doc id="56971274" url="?curid=56971274" title="Apterachalcus borboroides">
Apterachalcus borboroides


</doc>
<doc id="56971285" url="?curid=56971285" title="Inti Guttu (1958 film)">
Inti Guttu (1958 film)

Inti Guttu () is a 1958 Indian Telugu-language drama film, produced by Akella Sastry and directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah. It stars N. T. Rama Rao and Savitri, with music composed by M. S. Prakash. It is a partial remake of the Hindi film "Munimji" (1955).
Plot.
Zamindar Tirumala Rao's (Gummadi) wife Mahalakshmamma (Pushpavalli) and his sister Nancharamma (Suryakantham) deliver male children on the same day. To give their son a better life, Nancharamma &amp; her husband Seshachalam (Mahankali Venkaiah) swap the infants. After that, due to Nancharamma's ploy, Mahalakshmamma seeks asylum in an ashram. Now Seshachalam decides to get rid of Tirumala Rao's child, so he leaves him in the same ashram whom Mahalakshamma raises without knowing the truth. Years roll by, Prabhakar (R. Nageswara Rao) Nancharamma's original son becomes a huge burglar and commits robberies along with his moll Rita (Rajasulochana). Gopal (N. T. Rama Rao) Tirumala Rao's son becomes a police officer is specially appointed to lookout for the robber's gang. In the beginning, he suspects Nancharamma's daughter Sobha (Savitri), so he joins as a driver in their house and falls in love with her. Under the impression that Prabhakar is his son, Tirumala Rao plans to perform his marriage with Sobha. At last, Nancharamma reveals the truth when Prabhakar attacks her and drags Sobha to his den to steal her jewelry. After a feisty fight, Gopal brings the culprits to book. Finally, Tirumala Rao &amp; Mahalakshmamma reunite and the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Gopal &amp; Sobha.
Production.
"Inti Guttu" is a remake of the Hindi film "Munimji" (1955), but differs in many respects: the hero disguises himself as an aged driver, unlike the original where he disguises as an accountant. An original creation to "Inti Guttu" was the patriarch's sister, who was not present in the Hindi version. In "Munimji", the woman whom the patriarch secretly married swaps her newly born son with his deceased wife's child, but in "Inti Guttu", the sister's husband interchanges the children.
Soundtrack.
Music composed by M. S. Prakash. Lyrics were written by Malladi Ramakrishna Sastry.

</doc>
<doc id="56971313" url="?curid=56971313" title="Rosencranz">
Rosencranz


</doc>
<doc id="56971315" url="?curid=56971315" title="Scepastopyga semiflava">
Scepastopyga semiflava


</doc>
<doc id="56971321" url="?curid=56971321" title="Hicks Lake">
Hicks Lake

Hicks Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. 
Hicks Lake was named after Urban East Hicks, pioneer settler and territorial politician.

</doc>
<doc id="56971322" url="?curid=56971322" title="Ethnology Monographs">
Ethnology Monographs


</doc>
<doc id="56971333" url="?curid=56971333" title="Politicization of Wikipedia">
Politicization of Wikipedia


</doc>
<doc id="56971336" url="?curid=56971336" title="A Channel + smile">
A Channel + smile


</doc>
<doc id="56971339" url="?curid=56971339" title="Lithotrophe">
Lithotrophe


</doc>
<doc id="56971342" url="?curid=56971342" title="XHTGM-FM">
XHTGM-FM

XHTGM-FM is a community radio station on 99.5 FM in Tangancícuaro, Michoacán. It is known as Radio Manantial.
History.
XHTGM's concession was approved on December 13, 2017. The station signed on April 1, 2018. XHTGM had previously operated as a pirate on 105.1 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="56971344" url="?curid=56971344" title="Lichhavi (clan)">
Lichhavi (clan)


</doc>
<doc id="56971348" url="?curid=56971348" title="Banner Army">
Banner Army


</doc>
<doc id="56971351" url="?curid=56971351" title="Kimrie Lewis-Davis">
Kimrie Lewis-Davis


</doc>
<doc id="56971355" url="?curid=56971355" title="List of famous big game hunters">
List of famous big game hunters


</doc>
<doc id="56971360" url="?curid=56971360" title="Milija Miletić">
Milija Miletić

Milija Miletić (; born 1968) is a politician in Serbia. He was president (i.e., mayor) of the municipality of Svrljig for most of the period from 2008 to 2014 and has served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2014. Miletić is the leader of the United Peasant Party.
Early life and career.
Miletić was born in the village of Plužina, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Serbia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He lives in nearby Svrljig, is a field veterinarian, and was a union activist before entering political life.
Political career.
Municipal politics.
Miletić became the deputy mayor of Svrljig following the 2004 local elections and was chosen as mayor after the 2008 elections. He was removed from the latter position by the municipal assembly in December 2009 but returned to power four months later via a local alliance with the Serbian Radical Party.
Although the United Peasant Party had existed as a "de facto" party since 2000, it was not registered until 2010. Miletić was recognized as the party's first official leader.
He was chosen for another term as mayor after the 2012 local elections and served in the position until his election to the national assembly in 2014. He has remained active in local politics since then, arranging an alliance between the United Peasant Party and the Serbian Progressive Party in the community for the 2016 Serbian local elections. Notwithstanding some subsequent disagreements between the parties, he was re-elected to another term in the local assembly in the 2020 local elections at the head of the Progressive Party's coalition list.
Member of the National Assembly.
Miletić received the ninety-seventh position on the Serbian Progressive Party's "Aleksandar Vučić — Future We Believe In" electoral list in the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected when the list won a landslide victory with 158 out of 250 mandates. He received the same position on the Progressive-led list in the 2016 election and was re-elected when the list won a second consecutive majority with 131 mandates.
In the 2016–20 parliament, Miletić was a member of the agriculture, forestry, and water management committee; a deputy member of the committee on the rights of the child; the chair of a subcommittee for monitoring agriculture in the most under-developed areas of Serbia; a member of Serbia's delegation to the parliamentary assembly of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation; the head of Serbia's parliamentary friendship group with Slovenia; and a member of Serbia's parliamentary friendship groups with Albania, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Japan, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Morocco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Tunisia, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America. He served with the Movement of Socialists–People's Peasant Party–United Peasant Party parliamentary group, which supported the Progressive-led administration.
He received the eighty-fourth position on the Progressive Party's "Aleksandar Vučić — For Our Children" coalition list in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election and was elected to a third term when the list won a landslide majority with 188 mandates. He continues to serve on the agriculture committee and is a member of the committee on the rights of the child and a deputy member of the committee on labour, social issues, social inclusion, and poverty reduction. He is still a member of Serbia's delegation of the parliamentary assembly of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation and the leader of Serbia's friendship group with Slovenia, and he is a member of the friendship groups with Albania, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bulgaria, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Japan, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Norway, Russia, Spain, Turkey, and the United States of America.
In December 2020, Miletić formed a parliamentary group with the four assembly members of the Justice and Reconciliation Party. Miletić is the deputy head of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="56971380" url="?curid=56971380" title="Peter (sevastokrator)">
Peter (sevastokrator)

Peter was a Bulgarian nobleman who held the high title of "sevastokrator" around 1253. He married a daughter of Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria. He ruled significant territories in Bulgaria during the reign of his brother-in-law, Michael II Asen.

</doc>
<doc id="56971392" url="?curid=56971392" title="Hogum Bay">
Hogum Bay

Hogum Bay is a bay in the U.S. state of Washington.
According to tradition, the name "Hogum" refers land investors who quickly bought up (i.e. "hogged") land around the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="56971393" url="?curid=56971393" title="Chittagong-9">
Chittagong-9

Chittagong-9 is a constituency represented in the Jatiya Sangsad (National Parliament) of Bangladesh since 2018 by Mohibul Hasan Chowdhury of the Awami League.
Boundaries.
The constituency encompasses Chittagong City Corporation wards 15 through 23 and 31 through 35.
History.
The constituency was created for the first general elections in newly independent Bangladesh, held in 1973.
Ahead of the 2008 general election, the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census. The 2008 reapportionment added one seat to Chittagong City and altered the boundaries of the three other seats in the city, including this one.
Ahead of the 2014 general election, the Election Commission renumbered the seat for Sandwip Upazila from Chittagong-16 to Chittagong-3, bumping up by one the suffix of the former constituency of that name and the higher numbered constituencies in the district. Thus Chittagong-9 covers the area previously covered by Chittagong-8. Previously Chittagong-9 encompassed Chittagong City Corporation wards 11 through 14, and 24 through 26, and part of ward 8.
In the 2018 general election, the constituency was one of six chosen by lottery to use electronic voting machines.

</doc>
<doc id="56971400" url="?curid=56971400" title="Shawn Lee's Ping Pong Orchestra">
Shawn Lee's Ping Pong Orchestra


</doc>
<doc id="56971408" url="?curid=56971408" title="Tokorozawa Municipal Gymnasium">
Tokorozawa Municipal Gymnasium

Tokorozawa Municipal Gymnasium is an arena in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan. It is the home arena of the Saitama Broncos of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league.

</doc>
<doc id="56971411" url="?curid=56971411" title="2018 Hessian state election">
2018 Hessian state election

The 2018 Hessian state election was held on 28 October 2018 to elect the members of the Landtag of Hesse. The outgoing government was a coalition of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and The Greens led by Minister-President Volker Bouffier.
The election was held two weeks after the 2018 Bavarian state election, which saw the CSU and Social Democratic Party (SPD) suffer major losses, with third parties making major gains. The result in Hesse was largely similar, with the CDU and SPD losing more than 20 percentage points between them, while the Greens and Alternative for Germany (AfD) gained approximately 9 points each. The Free Democratic Party (FDP) and The Left also made gains. Compared to the 2013 election turnout fell by 5.9 points to 67.3%.
Despite suffering the worst losses of any party, the CDU remained the largest party by a comfortable margin. The Greens and SPD each won 29 seats and 19.8% of the vote; the Greens moved into second place by an extremely narrow margin of just 66 votes. The AfD, which failed to win seats in 2013, won 13.1% and 19 seats. By entering the Landtag in Hesse, it became the only third party present in all sixteen state parliaments.
The election was influenced by the poor condition of the federal government in the aftermath of the "asylum quarrel" in June/July and the crisis around Hans-Georg Maaßen in September. One day after the election, federal Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that she would not seek re-election as CDU leader at the party convention in early December, nor seek her party's nomination as Chancellor candidate for the next federal election.
The incumbent CDU–Green government was returned with a slim majority of one seat, and was subsequently renewed.
Background.
The incumbent Hesse government coalition consisted of CDU and the Greens.
The regional election for Hesse, along with the Bavarian state election held just two weeks before, was widely seen as a test for the ruling CDU/CSU and SPD coalition of Angela Merkel's fourth federal cabinet.
Parties.
The table below lists parties represented in the previous Landtag of Hesse.
Results.
! colspan="2" rowspan="2" | Party
! colspan="5" |Constituency
! colspan="5" |Party list
! colspan="3" | Total seats
!Votes
!+/−
!Seats
!Votes
!+/−
!Seats
!Seats
!%
! colspan=2| Total
! 2,873,070
! 100.0%
! 55
! 2,881,261
! 100.0%
! 82
! 137
! 100%
State government formation.
Despite heavy losses inflicted on the party, the CDU returned to government after negotiating a coalition agreement with the Greens, the second consecutive such arrangement between the two parties. The two parties formed the narrowest possible majority in the Landtag, occupying 69 seats. As part of the agreement, the Greens increased their representation in the Cabinet, holding four of the eleven portfolios. The returned coalition only became possible after a recount of votes took place several weeks after the election, due to computer glitches which affected some election night results. Following the recount, the state election commissioner announced that compared to the provisional figures, there were no significant shifts in the percentages, and the distribution of seats in the state parliament had not changed.

</doc>
<doc id="56971415" url="?curid=56971415" title="Hesse state election, 2018">
Hesse state election, 2018


</doc>
<doc id="56971424" url="?curid=56971424" title="Maki Sasaki">
Maki Sasaki

 is a Japanese illustrator, picture book writer, and manga artist. His avant-garde comics are characterized by non-sequiturs and absurd imagery, being called "anti-manga".
Life and work.
Sasaki was born in 1946, on the outskirts of Kobe, from a poor background. His parents ran a printing studio. He studied art at Kyoto City University of Arts, but dropped out, unable to afford the required art materials. 
Sasaki admired the nonsense works of manga artist Shigeru Sugiura and the underground magazine "Garo". In 1966, Sasaki made his debut as a manga artist with "Yoku Aru Hanashi", published in "Garo". He did other stories for the same magazine, such as the 1967 one-shot "Tengoku De Miru Yume" ().
Since 1973 Sasaki left manga to write and draw picture books, having published titles such as "Yappari Okami" and the "Monsieur Meuniere" series. Sasaki also illustrated book covers, among them some of the original editions of the early Haruki Murakami works.

</doc>
<doc id="56971426" url="?curid=56971426" title="Ludwig-Friedrich Bonnet de Saint-Germain">
Ludwig-Friedrich Bonnet de Saint-Germain

Ludwig-Friedrich Bonnet de Saint-Germain, FRS (12 December 1670, 1893 – 7 April 1761) was a Swiss physician, lawyer, scholar, and politician. He was also a diplomat in the service of Prussia.
He was born in Geneva in 1670, into a family of French Protestants (Huguenots) from Provence, who had fled to Switzerland during the French Wars of Religion and married there into the family of the eminent German Calvinist theologian Friedrich Spanheim. Ludwig-Friedrich Bonnet studied medicine at Leiden University. Both him and his older brother Frédéric then followed their uncle Ezekiel von Spanheim into the diplomatic service of the government of Prussia (officially Brandenburg-Prussia until 1701, afterwards the Kingdom of Prussia). Posted to England, he was known there as Louis Frederick Bonet.
In London, Bonnet concerned himself with church matters, including the relief of Huguenot refugees. He was a member of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and received a doctorate of civil law from the University of Oxford in 1706. Bonnet became a fellow of the Royal Society in 1711, having been proposed by John Chamberlayne. He reported extensively to Berlin on contemporary parliamentary and financial matters in England. After his brother Frédéric's untimely death in 1694, Ludwig-Friedrich Bonnet succeeded him as "resident" in London of Brandenburg-Prussia.
In 1712, Bonnet sat in the Royal Society's committee that investigated the priority dispute between Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz over the development of the calculus. That committee subscribed a report, which Newton himself had drafted, identifying Newton as "first inventor" of the calculus and absolving John Keill of libel against another fellow of the Royal Society for having suggested that Leibniz might have taken some of his results from Newton's unpublished letters. In 1713 Bonnet was elected as a foreign member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences.
Under the terms of the Parliamentary Act of Settlement of 1701, the British throne passed in 1714 to a Protestant German prince, the Elector of Hanover, who reigned as George I of Great Britain. In 1716, the King in Prussia, Frederick William, appointed Bonnet as his ambassador extraordinary to the new British court (the Court of St James's).
Bonnet returned to Switzerland in 1720. After 1739 he served in the Grand Council of the Republic of Geneva. He died in Geneva in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="56971443" url="?curid=56971443" title="Holmes Island">
Holmes Island

Holmes Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56971449" url="?curid=56971449" title="Trish Gregory">
Trish Gregory

Trish Gregory is a New Zealand fashion designer and businesswoman, who achieved widespread recognition as one of New Zealand’s leading and innovative designers in a career spanning half a century.
Early life.
Gregory was born Patricia Pearl Lattimer in New Plymouth, New Zealand, and educated at New Plymouth Girls' High School.
Career.
After travelling internationally for several years working as a secretary and architectural draftswoman, Gregory returned to New Zealand joining the New Zealand Broadcasting Corporation (NZBC) as a copywriter.
In 1968 an NZBC posting took her to Timaru in the South Island and a year later she opened a fashion boutique named "The Fig Leaf" on Caroline Bay Hill.
In 1970 Gregory entered the New Zealand Benson and Hedges Fashion Design Awards for the
first time, winning the Merit Award in the Evening Wear category.
Gregory, displaying "a flair for inventiveness" designed "Splatadashes" and in 1971 was described as 
having "put Timaru on the map as a launching pad for fashion trends”. The "revolutionary boots in two parts could be worn over an ordinary pair of shoes" and were sold at Auckland department stores Milne &amp; Choyce and the D.I.C.
Gregory entered the New Zealand Benson and Hedges Fashion Design Awards again in 1972, winning the Merit Award in the High Fashion Daywear category.
In 1973, Gregory took the top award for High Fashion Daywear in the New Zealand Benson and Hedges Fashion Design Awards with her design 'Flappers'. It was reported that Gregory's entry "showed the signature of a really creative designer who has what the Americans call 'class'". Gregory was described as producing “creative design that has all the smooth professionalism of an international couturier” and that her entry “was unmistakably a winner [...] she has produced a design that, if it were commercially exploited, could well be a trend-setter”. 
Gregory “scooped another major award” in 1974 winning the NZ Benson &amp; Hedges top award for High Fashion Daywear. It was noted that Gregory “has consistently been to the fore in New Zealand fashion design over the last four or five years”.
In the same year, Gregory was awarded a Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council Award to study in Europe, becoming the first fashion designer in New Zealand to be chosen for this award.
In 1975 Gregory was accepted as an Honorary student at the Royal College of Art School of Fashion Design in South Kensington, London.
Following her studies at the Royal College of Art, Gregory worked with European fashion house Zoe in Ibiza, Spain returning each winter for the next five years to design the summer collection.
In 1976, inspired by her overseas studies, including work experience in the Fashion Department of Vogue magazine London, and the International Wool Secretariat, London, Gregory returned to Wellington, New Zealand, with a plan to bring professionally designed high fashion garments to the New Zealand market in deconstructed form.
Ready cut to sew "Kitset Clothes" (later "Designer Fashion Kits") entered the market initially via retail 
in 1977. Their unique design, featuring no zips, buttonholes, darts, linings, interfacings or hand sewing, meant they could be easily constructed at home following a simple instruction sheet.
In 1978 Gregory formed Trish Gregory Fashions (NZ) Ltd., and leased factory space in Wellington. Impatient to expose this new idea to a wider market, Gregory decided to by-pass retail and take the product direct to the consumer. Fashion consultants were hired and trained to present intimate fashion shows to invited guests in private homes. Afterwards, guests could try on a garment and purchase exactly the same item in kit form. This became the framework of the Trish Gregory selling method.
In 1979 the company moved to Auckland and started expanding its sales force by hiring area managers throughout New Zealand.
By 1985, Gregory's Designer Fashion Kits were a household name and creating work for around three hundred women making it the largest all-women company in New Zealand.
Later that year David Caygill, Minister of Trade and Industry, presented Trish Gregory Fashions (NZ) Ltd., with the New Zealand Industrial Design Council's 'Designmark' Award for excellence of the company's innovative products and systems. This marked the first time the award had been presented to a clothing manufacturer. The Designmark evaluators reported “the Kit System Concept, presentation and professional distribution plan were all impressive indeed”. It was reported that Gregory's Designer Fashion Kits concept “carries all the hallmarks set by the European, English and American designers, translated for New Zealand lifestyles by the imagination of one very talented New Zealand woman”.
In the same year the company expanded into Australia, adding a small collection of knitwear and ready to wear garments to co-ordinate with the kitset collections.
In 1986 Gregory was one of four judges on the panel of "Flying Start", an ITV Independent Television New Zealand series showcasing young New Zealand entrepreneurs.
The same year Gregory was appointed Design Consultant for the marine clothing manufacturer Line 7 Ltd., and designed the graphics on the Line 7 wet weather gear worn on board Kiwi Magic KZ7 in the 1987 America's Cup Race in Fremantle.
By 1988, the first 'Trish Gregory' retail store had opened in Queen Street, Auckland, stocking 'Trish Gregory' ready to wear collections and knitwear along with the company's 'Jacketmaker' label. Four more stores were opened in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch.
In 1992, appointed a judge for the Benson and Hedges Fashion Design Awards, Gregory recommended the High Fashion Daywear Award be replaced with a “collection of three garments” to “bring a long needed commercial aspect into the awards”. Gregory noted “commercial designers wanting to work in the disciplined area of mass market must have the ability to think in terms of collections, stories and groups rather than individual one-off creations.”
In the same year Gregory was invited to design a collection for the Fashion Quarterly “Corbans' Collections” which showcased New Zealand's top fashion designers.
Since the late 1990s Gregory has been involved in the tourist industry designing luxury textile products including Possum/Merino collections for New Zealand manufacturers both for domestic and export markets, and 'Trish Gregory' Cashmere and Fine Merino collections.
Since 2008, garments designed by Trish Gregory have been held at the National Museum of New Zealand, Te Papa Tongarewa.
Personal life.
Trish Gregory is married to James Gregory. They have one son, Dr Miles Gregory, who is the founder and artistic director of Pop-up Globe.

</doc>
<doc id="56971464" url="?curid=56971464" title="Holmes Island (Washington)">
Holmes Island (Washington)

Holmes Island is an island in the U.S. state of Washington.
Holmes Island was named after Albin Holmes, a railroadman who settled there.

</doc>
<doc id="56971475" url="?curid=56971475" title="Vivencias (video)">
Vivencias (video)

Vivencias is a video album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1989 and includes performances of all the tracks of the studio album Vivencias. Three of the songs from this special music video ("Este Amor Que Hay Que Callar", "Débil", and "Quítame A Ese Hombre Del Corazón") were re-released in 2007 in DVD format along with the Demasiado Fuerte album.
Track listing.
Format.
It was released on VHS in an aspect ratio of 1.33:1.

</doc>
<doc id="56971487" url="?curid=56971487" title="Hunter Point">
Hunter Point


</doc>
<doc id="56971493" url="?curid=56971493" title="Gyo Shojima">
Gyo Shojima

Tatsuaki Gyo Shojima (庄島 辰尭 born August 18, 1993) is an American Football Center. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins as a walk-on student-athlete under head coach Jim Mora. As a redshirt junior, Shojima became the first Japanese-born student-athlete of full Japanese heritage, nationality and citizenship to play in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) game.
Early years.
Shojima was born in Tokyo, Japan to Tatsuhiro and Hiroko Shojima and at age nine, moved to Redondo Beach, California with his family.
He grew up learning Shorinji Kempo, an esoteric Japanese martial art in which he holds a black belt in, and was not introduced to American football until he entered high school.
On September 30, 2010, he subdued an armed robber at a gas station. Shojima thanks his martial arts background and football experience for this accomplishment.
High school career.
Shojima attended Redondo Union High School, a public high school in Redondo Beach, California before transferring to in Tokyo, Japan.
Upon graduating high school in 2012, he was selected onto the Japanese National football team to compete in the IFAF U-19 World Cup hosted at Austin, Texas from June 30 to July 8.
College career.
Santa Monica College.
After graduating from Tokyo Nishi Metropolitan high school, Shojima attended Santa Monica College. While playing for the Santa Monica Corsairs football team, Shojima earned a starting position under head coach Gifford Lindheim. In his second season, he took on a role as a team captain. After completing two consecutive seasons as American Pacific Conference Champions at Santa Monica College, Shojima transferred to UCLA as a preferred walk-on.
University of California, Los Angeles.
An Geography and Environmental Studies major, Shojima began taking classes at UCLA in September 2015. As a Bruin, Shojima redshirted his first year and contributed on the scout team; earning a scout player award in week 4 against University of Arizona.
He continued to contribute as a scout team player during his second year at UCLA and earned back-to-back scout player awards in week 2 against UNLV, and week 3 against BYU. During the winning game against UNLV, Shojima saw action as a reserve center, becoming the first Japanese-born student-athlete of full Japanese heritage, nationality and citizenship to play in NCAA Division I FBS game. Shojima continued to see action as a member of special teams versus BYU, Oregon State, USC and Cal. Shojima took on a role of sideline signal caller during his second season as well.
In his third and final year at UCLA, Shojima saw action as a reserve center during week 2 against University of Hawaii and started in all 13 games as a special teams performer. In the season opener against Texas A&amp;M, UCLA Bruins overcame a 34-point deficit, the largest comeback in school history and the second-most ever in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). After defeating California in their regular season finale, the Bruins became bowl-eligible and stayed undefeated at home for the first time since 2005. Although Bruins were defeated by the Kansas State Wildcats in the 2017 Cactus Bowl, Shojima once again had the honor of becoming the first Japanese player to play in the Division I FBS Bowl Game.
Shojima has been named to the Athletic Director's Academic Honor Roll in six consecutive academic quarters since Spring 2016 quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="56971495" url="?curid=56971495" title="Dugu Clan">
Dugu Clan


</doc>
<doc id="56971496" url="?curid=56971496" title="Rwandan Air Force">
Rwandan Air Force

The Rwandan Air Force () is an air branch of the Rwandan Defence Forces.
History.
After achieving independence in 1962, the Air Force was formed with the aid of Belgium, the initial aircraft consisted of three ex-French Air Force CM.170 Magisters, which operated in a counterinsurgency role along with a Britten-Norman Islander. Other deliveries included SA 342L Gazelles, Nord Noratlas, SOCATA Guerrier, C-47 Skytrains. After fighting began between the RPA and the government in 1990 most aircraft were shot down, destroyed on the ground or crashed.

</doc>
<doc id="56971499" url="?curid=56971499" title="Hunter Point (Washington)">
Hunter Point (Washington)

Hunter Point is a point in the U.S. state of Washington.
Hunter Point was named after Alfred Allen Hunter, an early settler.

</doc>
<doc id="56971502" url="?curid=56971502" title="Acianthus elegans">
Acianthus elegans

Acianthus elegans, commonly known as the elegant acianthus, is a species of mosquito orchids, plants in the genus "Acianthus". It is found in New Caledonia.

</doc>
<doc id="56971504" url="?curid=56971504" title="Aeranthes elegans">
Aeranthes elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56971505" url="?curid=56971505" title="Elegant acianthus">
Elegant acianthus


</doc>
<doc id="56971507" url="?curid=56971507" title="Elegant Acianthus">
Elegant Acianthus


</doc>
<doc id="56971508" url="?curid=56971508" title="Acianthopsis elegans">
Acianthopsis elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56971516" url="?curid=56971516" title="Univiscidiatus elegans">
Univiscidiatus elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56971518" url="?curid=56971518" title="Acianthella elegans">
Acianthella elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56971521" url="?curid=56971521" title="Acianthus tenellus">
Acianthus tenellus


</doc>
<doc id="56971522" url="?curid=56971522" title="Dugu">
Dugu

Dugu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56971525" url="?curid=56971525" title="Arnold Schwarzenegger and LGBT Rights">
Arnold Schwarzenegger and LGBT Rights


</doc>
<doc id="56971529" url="?curid=56971529" title="St. Catherine Church, Krasnodonetskaya">
St. Catherine Church, Krasnodonetskaya

The Church of Saint Catherine () is a Russian Orthodox church in Krasnodonetskaya "stanitsa", Belokalitvinsky District, Rostov Oblast, Russia that belongs to the Diocese of Volgodnosk and was built in 1879. It is officially declared as object of cultural heritage of Russia of Regional significance.
History.
Katerininskaya (now Krasnodonetskaya stanitsa) was founded in 1775 by the decree of Catherine II. The founder of the village was Prince Grigory Alexandrovich Potemkin. Initially it was situated on the low bank of Donets. The place was chosen unsuccessfully and in spring the village was flooded, so later it was decided to move it downstream. There was built the wooden Church of St. Catherine. Exclusively for the Church of St. Catherine was painted icon of St. Catherine of Alexandria, and the picture had a great resemblance to the Empress Catherine II. In 1835, the village was moved higher to the hills, in 1840 the church was moved there as well and was set on a stone foundation. 
In 1877, this church completely burned out, and in 1879 a new one was built, with two chapels: the southern one was consecrated in the name of the Ascension of the Lord and the northern one - in the name of Saint Pantaleon. The church was surrounded by a stone fence with wooden bars. The building was constructed of wood, which is not typical for the steppe Southern Russia. Local residents claim that the material for the church were crafted in Siberia, and the logs were numbered and transported to the village from there. In 1886, a parish school was built at the church. Since 1906, the church-parish guardianship began to function.
In 1920, Katerininskaya village was renamed Krasnodonetskaya. In 1930–1940 the church was closed. The domes of the church, both in the main building and the bell tower were cut off. The church was used as a granary. Before the beginning of German occupation, Soviet authorities decided to blow up the church so that the Nazis would not get the grain, but local residents quickly took the grain bags to their homes and so there was no need to blow up any more. During the fighting in the village the church had not been damaged. When the Germans occupied Krasnodonetskya, the church was briefly open again. After the war, the church was closed again.
It was locked and stood empty until the mid-1980s and was opened only in 1985. From the modern history of this church, it is known that scenes from two Soviet films - "Ataman" and "Dina" - were shot on its background.
The Saint Catherine's Church is one of the two remaining churches that are declared as monuments of wooden architecture in the Seversky Donets Basin and objects of cultural heritage of Regional significance.

</doc>
<doc id="56971530" url="?curid=56971530" title="Dugu (town)">
Dugu (town)


</doc>
<doc id="56971535" url="?curid=56971535" title="Hillsong discography">
Hillsong discography


</doc>
<doc id="56971541" url="?curid=56971541" title="Dugu (disambiguation)">
Dugu (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56971542" url="?curid=56971542" title="Indian cold wave (2012)">
Indian cold wave (2012)


</doc>
<doc id="56971545" url="?curid=56971545" title="List of Gintama episodes (season 2)">
List of Gintama episodes (season 2)


</doc>
<doc id="56971547" url="?curid=56971547" title="Inagi City General Gymnasium">
Inagi City General Gymnasium

Inagi City General Gymnasium is an arena in Inagi, Tokyo, Japan. It is the home arena of the Tokyo Cinq Reves of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league.

</doc>
<doc id="56971563" url="?curid=56971563" title="Quiet (song by MILCK)">
Quiet (song by MILCK)


</doc>
<doc id="56971566" url="?curid=56971566" title="Gorteria personata">
Gorteria personata

Gorteria personata is a small annual herbaceous plant in the daisy family (Compositae or Asteraceae). It is endemic to South Africa. It is called bosduifdoring in Afrikaans.

</doc>
<doc id="56971568" url="?curid=56971568" title="Sara Chang">
Sara Chang


</doc>
<doc id="56971572" url="?curid=56971572" title="Dugu Town">
Dugu Town


</doc>
<doc id="56971582" url="?curid=56971582" title="Mireille Knoll">
Mireille Knoll


</doc>
<doc id="56971583" url="?curid=56971583" title="Pfaff Amis">
Pfaff Amis


</doc>
<doc id="56971585" url="?curid=56971585" title="Kasthuri (Kannada Magazine)">
Kasthuri (Kannada Magazine)


</doc>
<doc id="56971586" url="?curid=56971586" title="University and Polytechnic Grants Committee">
University and Polytechnic Grants Committee


</doc>
<doc id="56971598" url="?curid=56971598" title="Bandon Conservation Park">
Bandon Conservation Park

 
Bandon Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Australian state of South Australia in the locality of Copeville about east of the state capital of Adelaide and about east of the town of Copeville.
The conservation park consists of crown land described as “Allotment 11 in Deposited Plan 33335” in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Bandon. It came into existence on 22 August 2013 by proclamation under the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972". It is named after the Hundred of Bandon. A separate proclamation on 22 August 2013 ensured the continuation of “existing rights of entry, prospecting, exploration or mining” regarding the land under the "Mining Act 1971" and the "Petroleum and Geothermal Energy Act 2000". As of 2016, it covered an area of .
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category VI protected area.

</doc>
<doc id="56971600" url="?curid=56971600" title="Johan Alkenäs">
Johan Alkenäs

Carl Johan Axel Alkenäs (born 13 May 1974) is a Swedish songwriter and producer. He studied at Örebro Kulturskola and has authored or produced a great number of songs worldwide many becoming charting hits. He collaborated closely with the Swedish songwriter Joacim Persson and with Niclas Molinder (both of the production team known as Twin) and has co-written a number of soundtracks for Disney films.
Career.
Alkenäs was involved in a number of soundtracks primarily for Disney films. He co-wrote "Rotten to the Core" for the American film "Descendants", and the theme songs for American film "Jonas L.A." and "Teen Beach 2". He was involved in co-writing themes and songs for a number of U.S. TV series like "Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything", "A.N.T. Farm", "Pair of Kings", "Lab Rats", the follow-up "" and "Raven's Home". He co-wrote "Gonna Get This" for the series "Hannah Montana". The song was performed by Miley Cyrus.
Alkenäs has collaborated internationally with Ashley Tisdale in "What If", "Crank It", "Acting Out" and "Masquerade", he co-wrote "Calling All the Monsters" for China Anne McClain, "Determinate" for Bridgit Mendler, "Run, Run, Run" for the German band Tokio Hotel, "Walking Away" for Turkish/Macedonian-born singer Sibel, "Pyramid" for Charice (known now as Jake Zyrus), "On Fire" for Swiss singer Stefanie Heinzmann and "What If" by Swedish singer Darin, "愛投羅網" (Ài Tóu Luó Wǎng) for Taiwanese artist Show Lo and many others.
Alkenäs has also been involved in co-writing songs for Eurovision Song Contest, notably the 2017 Serbian entry "In Too Deep" by Tijana Bogićević and the 2018 Austrian entry "Nobody but You" by Cesár Sampson.

</doc>
<doc id="56971603" url="?curid=56971603" title="Afzal H. Khan">
Afzal H. Khan

Afzal H. Khan is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament from Mymensingh-1.
Career.
Khan served as the news editor of The Daily Star. He was elected to Parliament from Mymensingh-1 in 2001 as a candidate of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He is the convenor of the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He competed in the 2008 Bangladesh General election as the candidate of Bangladesh Nationalist Party against the Bangladesh Awami League candidate, Promode Mankin.

</doc>
<doc id="56971612" url="?curid=56971612" title="Philipp Frankfurter">
Philipp Frankfurter

Philipp Frankfurter (c. 1450 – 1511) was a writer from Vienna.
He collected the humorous tales surrounding the "Priest from Kahlenberg" ("Pfaff vom "[or "von"]" Kalenberg"), published with a frame story in verse form as "Des pfaffen geschicht und histori vom Kalenberg". It was printed as early as 1472 or 1480 in Augsburg. The "Priest from Kahlenberg" is a folkloristic trickster or prankster figure. A 1490 edition was printed by Heinrich Knoblochtzer in Heidelberg.
The work was very popular, reprinted well into the 17th century, with translations to Low German, Dutch and English.
The figure of the "priest from Kahlenberg" is also mentioned in the Ship of Fools by Sebastian Brant and in the Till Eulenspiegel chapbook.
The figure also inspired the modern narrative poem "Der Pfaff vom Kahlenberg" by Anastasius Grün (1850).
The "Pfaff von Kalenberg" character is not named in Frankfurter's text. He is identified as one Gundacker von Thernberg by Ladislaus Sunthaym in 1486/1501. An alternative name for the character, "Wigend" (also "Wigand, Weigand") "von Theben" is an invention by Wolfgang Lazius, but was reported as the name of the historical character well into the 20th century.
Gundacker von Thernberg is recorded as parish priest in Kahlenbergerdorf, a village north of Vienna, for the period of 1339–1355, and later in
Prigglitz, Lower Austria, where his name has been found on the fragment of a tombstone. Alternatively, it has been suggested that Gundacker died already in the plague year of 1349.

</doc>
<doc id="56971615" url="?curid=56971615" title="Pfaff vom Kahlenberg">
Pfaff vom Kahlenberg


</doc>
<doc id="56971616" url="?curid=56971616" title="A. Camus">
A. Camus


</doc>
<doc id="56971621" url="?curid=56971621" title="Acroceras elegans">
Acroceras elegans

Acroceras elegans is a species of plant in the grass family. It is found in Madagascar and Réunion.

</doc>
<doc id="56971622" url="?curid=56971622" title="Panicum elegans">
Panicum elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56971623" url="?curid=56971623" title="Itabashi Azusawa Gymnasium">
Itabashi Azusawa Gymnasium

Itabashi Azusawa Gymnasium is an arena in Itabashi, Tokyo, Japan. It is the home arena of the Tokyo Excellence of the B.League, Japan's professional basketball league. This building does not meet the requirements of the B2 license and caused Tokyo Ex's relegation to B3 twice. 

</doc>
