<doc id="56899835" url="?curid=56899835" title="Projection (measure theory)">
Projection (measure theory)

In measure theory, projection maps often appear when working with product spaces: The product sigma-algebra of measurable spaces is defined to be the finest such that the projection mappings will be measurable. Sometimes for some reasons product spaces are equipped with sigma-algebra different than "the" product sigma-algebra. In these cases the projections need not be measurable at all.
The projected set of a measurable set is called analytic set and need not be a measurable set. However, in some cases, either relatively to the product sigma-algebra or relatively to some other sigma-algebra, projected set of measurable set is indeed measurable.
Henri Lebesgue himself, one of the founders of measure theory, was mistaken about that fact. In a paper from 1905 he wrote that the projection of Borel set in the plane onto the real line is again a Borel set. The mathematician Mikhail Yakovlevich Suslin found that error about ten years later, and his following research has led to descriptive set theory. The fundamental mistake of Lebesgue was to think that projection commutes with decreasing intersection, while there are simple counterexamples to that.
Basic examples.
As an example for a non-measurable projection, one can take the space formula_1 with the sigma-algebra formula_2 and the space formula_3 with the sigma-algebra formula_4. The diagonal set formula_5 is not measurable relatively to formula_6, although the both projections are measurable sets.
The common example for a non-measurable set which is a projection of a measurable set, is in Lebesgue sigma-algebra. Let formula_7 be Lebesgue sigma-algebra of formula_8 and let formula_9 be the Lebesgue sigma-algebra of formula_10. For any bounded formula_11 not in formula_7, the set formula_13 is in formula_9, since Lebesgue measure is complete and the product set is contained in a set of zero measure.
Still one can see that formula_9 is not the product sigma-algebra formula_16 but its completion. As for such example in product sigma-algebra, one can take the space formula_17 (or any product along a set with cardinality greater than continuum) with the product sigma-algebra formula_18 where formula_19 for every formula_20. In fact, in this case "most" of the projected sets are not measurable, since the cardinality of formula_21 is formula_22, whereas the cardinality of the projected sets is formula_23. There are also examples of Borel sets in the plane which their projection to the real line is not a Borel set, as Suslin showed.
Measurable projection theorem.
The following theorem gives a sufficient condition for the projection of measurable sets to be measurable.
Let formula_24 be a measurable space and let formula_25 be a polish space where formula_26 is its Borel sigma-algebra. Then for every set in the product sigma-algebra formula_27, the projected set onto formula_28 is a universally measurable set relatively to formula_21.
An important special case of this theorem is that the projection of any Borel set ot formula_30 onto formula_31 where formula_32 is Lebesgue-measurable, even though it is not necessarily a Borel set. In addition, it means that the former example of non-Lebesgue-measurable set of formula_8 which is a projection of some measurable set of formula_10, is the only sort of such example.

</doc>
<doc id="56899849" url="?curid=56899849" title="Kannan Oru Kaikkuzhanthai">
Kannan Oru Kaikkuzhanthai


</doc>
<doc id="56899855" url="?curid=56899855" title="Hsio-yen Shih">
Hsio-yen Shih

Hsio-yen Shih (1933–2001) was a Chinese-born Canadian art historian who specialized in early Chinese and Japanese paintings, as well as ancient Chinese pottery and bronzeware. She was director of the National Gallery of Canada from 1977 to 1981.
Early life.
Hsio-yen Shih was born in Hubei, Republic of China. When she was 6, her father Chao-yin Shih () served as a diplomat for the Nationalist government in Canada, and Hsio-yen lived in Ottawa for a time before returning to China. She attended high school in Shanghai before the Chinese Communist Revolution. After the Chinese Civil War she attended Wellesley College in Massachusetts, graduating in Art History in 1955. After gaining a M.A. in 1958 from the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, she went on to study under Alexander Soper at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania. Her 1961 Ph.D. thesis is titled "Early Chinese Pictorial Style: From the Later Han to the Six Dynasties".
Career.
From 1961 to 1976, Hsio-yen Shih worked in Toronto, Canada, holding joint appointments at the Far Eastern Department of the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) and the Department of East Asian Studies of the University of Toronto. She became Curator of the Far Eastern Department of ROM in 1968. In 1971 she became a full professor. From 1973 to 1974 she was Visiting Professor to the Institute of Chinese Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong. In 1977 she moved to Ottawa to become Director of the National Gallery of Canada. She resigned in 1981 in response to budget cuts, and thereafter moved to Hong Kong, where she served as the Head of Department of Fine Arts at the University of Hong Kong until 1988. She retired in 1993, and spent her last years in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="56899856" url="?curid=56899856" title="Hsio-Yen Shih">
Hsio-Yen Shih


</doc>
<doc id="56899861" url="?curid=56899861" title="Daraban">
Daraban


</doc>
<doc id="56899868" url="?curid=56899868" title="Calcutta Leather Complex">
Calcutta Leather Complex


</doc>
<doc id="56899876" url="?curid=56899876" title="Francis Whately">
Francis Whately

Francis Whately is a British television producer, director and series director who started his career in 1998 and worked for BBC for over 20 years. The documentary films he directed were mainly about music. He produced "David Bowie: Finding Fame" (2019), "David Bowie: The Last Five Years" (2017), "Rock ‘n’ Roll Guns for Hire: The Story of the Sidemen" (2017), "Judi Dench: All the World’s Her Stage" (2016), "Kim Philby – His Most Intimate Betrayal" (2014), "David Bowie: Five Years" (2013).
Accolades.
FOCAL Archive Award for "David Bowie Five Years" (2014.06)
BAFTA for "David Bowie Five Years" (2014.04)
BAFTA for the series "Andrew Marr's 'History of Modern Britain'" (the third director) (2007.05)
Major works.
"David Bowie: Five Years" (2013)
This documentary focuses on five key years in David Bowie’s career: 1971–1972, 1974–1975, 1976–1977, 1979–1980, 1982–1983. It comments on Bowie's change of image, from Ziggy Stardust to the Soul Star of "Young Americans", to "The Thin White Duke", using archive material.
"David Bowie: The Last Five years" (2017)
The documentary has continued the previous method of presenting David Bowie’ s life by interviewing others. This documentary was broadcast a year after Bowie’ s death and is also receiving widespread attention. Instead of interviewing Bowie’ s friends and family about Bowie’ s heart attack and later cancer diagnosis, Francis Whately interviewed the musicians who have cooperate with David Bowie in his last two albums ("Blackstar" and "The Next Day") and the New York musical "Lazarus". This documentary has showed Bowie’ s innovation in the last five years of his life after nearly a decade of silence.
"Rock ‘n’ Roll Guns for Hire: The Story of the Sidemen" (2017)
The documentary mainly focused on the musicians who work behind some of the greatest artists such as Prince, David Bowie, The Rolling Stones and Beyoncé and make contribution to change musical history. Those musicians, called ‘Guns for Hire’ in the documentary, are the people who play at live shows and often even contribute to recordings as songwriters or session musicians.
"Judi Dench: All the World’s Her Stage" (2016)
The documentary has looked back over Judi Dench, one of Britain's greatest actors’ s remarkable 60-year career. Unlike other documentaries, this one has showed Judi’ life in a never known, a new angle.
Stories behind.
1) Francis Whately posted a David Bowie poster on the wall of his home when he was a teenager, and described Bowie as his hero in a series of subsequent interviews. The first meeting of Whately and Bowie was in 1998, Whately was just finished "100 Works", an episode of British sculpture, and Bowie has contributed his voices and words in this short film. Before that time, Whately and Bowie were conducted by telephone and letters. Whately was very nervous and excited about seeing his hero, but Bowie's courteous and polite made the conversation more comfortable. After that, Whately and Bowie kept in touch for a long time until Bowie died.
2) Bowie and Whately formed a good relationship. Although they rarely talk about music, they are interested in many of the same things, they often discuss the books and arts that they admired. In the 1990s, Bowie was often make phone call with Whately. At that time, Bowie was writing for an art magazine, Whately did lots of art films and was very interested in contemporary arts, they always had common interest to talk about.
3) Although the two documentaries, "David Bowie: Five Years" and "David Bowie: The Last Five Years" both have recorded the interviews from others, the themes and shooting methods are quite different. The first one was basic on David Bowie’ s request, instead of making a conventional biography about him being born and going through his life chronologically, director has used more contemporary editing and collage to show the most important five years in Bowie’ life. While during filming "David Bowie: The Last Five Years", Bowie was very care about his privacy and didn't gave Whately chance to interview him along. So there's no interview videos of Bowie’ s last five years in this documentary. Whately interviewed the musicians who have cooperated with Bowie in his last two albums: "Blackstar" and "The Next Day" and interviewed them in the Jazz Bar 55° which located in New York center. By representing the nervous and secret recording process from the musicians’ perspective, the film has show Bowie’ s enthusiasm on music.
4) The director himself thinks that the difference between the two documentaries is that in the first one he wanted to show to audience is the changeable of Bowie, while the second one was not focus on how much he changed, but his unchangeable, his enthusiasm on music.
5) "David Bowie: The Last Five Years" was on the air on HBO on January 8, 2017, which would have been David Bowie' s 71st birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="56899883" url="?curid=56899883" title="FAHMS">
FAHMS


</doc>
<doc id="56899888" url="?curid=56899888" title="KAA">
KAA


</doc>
<doc id="56899892" url="?curid=56899892" title="Colwellia asteriadis">
Colwellia asteriadis

Colwellia asteriadis is a Gram-negative and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of "Colwellia" which has been isolated from the starfish Asterias amurensis from the Sea of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56899905" url="?curid=56899905" title="Longham, Dorset">
Longham, Dorset


</doc>
<doc id="56899910" url="?curid=56899910" title="Jessie Ace and Margaret Wright (nee Ace)">
Jessie Ace and Margaret Wright (nee Ace)


</doc>
<doc id="56899911" url="?curid=56899911" title="Loeipittayakom School">
Loeipittayakom School

Loei Pittayakom School (commonly called: Loeipit)(; ) is a Loei Province Special secondary school in the Province. It is in the Lakmuang campus. Under the Office of the Secondary Educational Service Area Office 19.
History.
Loei Pittayakom school that combines Satri Loei schools. (Loei Women's School) with Samosorn Wittayalai School (Loei Men's School) According to the announcement of the Department of Education on March 24, 1972, in order to comply with the policy of the Department of Extraordinary Education. (Department of General Education) to improve public schools nationwide into a large school. By any government school of any province, if considered In the year 1972, the Ministry of Education also included the provincial boarding school and the female provincial boarding school. In the same period, other provinces included the provincial boarding school. Both men and women are the same school as Saraburi Wittayakom School, Singburi School, Phichit Pittayakom School. The school is located in Tak province. It has to move from the same place with only 23 rai (the school in Loei today) to the school. The area of 81 rai 2 ngan 04 5/10
After the announcement of Mr. Somsin Tanasut, Loei Provincial Education Commissioner, has moved the school during the semester, but Mr. Chalerm Jiranat, head of the college club. He is the head of the school. At the beginning of teaching in 1972, there were 35 classrooms, including 1,468 students, 758 male, 710 female teachers, 61 teachers, and Dr. Sawasdi Panich. The Director General of the Department of Extraordinary Education and Mr. Vijin Suthawatta, Governor of Loei Province The school was opened on June 8, 1972. In 1975, the school taught 2 turns. In 1976, the school joined the program. 2521 transferred 2 high school students from Mueang Loei School and changed the education system from 7: 3: 2 to 6: 3: 3.
Course.
Loei Pittayakom School offers the following classes.
O-NET average.
This is O-NET average of Loei Pittayakom School in 5 Basic Subject. They are Math, Science, Social study, English and Thai language. This is the national test of grade 12 in secondary level.

</doc>
<doc id="56899919" url="?curid=56899919" title="Stapehill">
Stapehill


</doc>
<doc id="56899922" url="?curid=56899922" title="Church of St Mary the Virgin, Pilton">
Church of St Mary the Virgin, Pilton

The Church of St Mary the Virgin in Pilton is the 13th-century Anglican parish church for the Pilton suburb of Barnstaple in Devon. It has been a Grade I listed building since 1951 and comes under the Diocese of Exeter.
History and exterior.
The Church of St Mary the Virgin is a large parish church and formerly formed part of the Benedictine Pilton Priory which was founded 925-940 as a cell of Malmesbury Abbey. It was closed during the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1533 when it was acquired by the Chichester Family of Raleigh Manor. The church building we see today is partly 13th-century (it was dedicated in 1259) and partly 15th-century with some limited restoration and rebuilding during the 17th-century. It is built with local purple, grey and brown slatestone with sandstone dressings; the roofs are of slate. The church is approached through the pretty imitation-Tudor almshouses built in 1849.
The tower and South aisle date from the time of the Priory and on the church's North side the roof-line of the adjoining monastic buildings can still be seen, the cloister having run along the nave (hence the high sills of the North aisle windows) and traces of other taller buildings can be seen butting against the North tower. The church has a peal of eight bells some of which date from 1712. The tower is described as `rebuilt' according to an inscription on the porch by Robert Nutting in 1696 as a result of damage during the Civil War; the church has later rebuilding from 1845 to 1850.
Interior of the church.
The North aisle has plain glass in its windows but some fragments of Medieval coloured glass can be seen in the tracery at the top.. The nave and chancel were added to the North aisle section of the church in about 1320 to 1330, which is confirmed by an extract from the Register of Walter de Stapledon, Bishop of Exeter, who in 1311 made a contribution to Pilton Priory towards the cost of building the chancel.
The parclose screen into the South East chapel (the Raleigh Chapel) is of three bays and is well carved with a mixture of Gothic and Renaissance detail and is inscribed with an R for Raleigh and is presumably post-1533. It may have been brought to the church from the private chapel at Raleigh Manor when it was demolished in the 18th-century. The stone pulpit is Perpendicular Period of about 1550 and stands on a stem while its panels are decorated with blind arcading with a Tudor rose carved above the pedestal and retaining some traces of its original colour. The pulpit has a Jacobean sounding board and projecting from the side there is an unusual iron arm and hand which is probably Elizabethan which once held an hourglass for timing the sermons. In 1616 a payment was made for a replacement hourglass, and in 1646 a half-hour glass was purchased, which suggests that shorter sermons had become the fashion. The baptismal font has a plain octagonal Ham Hill bowl on a stem and a fine font cover which Nikolaus Pevsner believed was put together in the Elizabethan era. The font also dates to about 1550 and stands beneath a canopied tester made from pieces of Gothic and Renaissance carving including linenfold, figure panels, applied barley-sugar ribs and Gothic fretwork. The altar table with its pull-out leaves is late 16th-century and was restored in 1985. The communion rail is Elizabethan. 
The rood screen that separates the chancel and Raleigh Chapel from the nave and South aisle has lost its coving and cresting while the spandrels have been filled with a variety of remnants from the missing pieces. The panels in the lower section once depicted the Apostles some of which have been restored to something like their original appearance. These images were added to the screen at the expense of Thomas Martyn who, when he died in 1510, left a legacy in his will for this purpose. Sometime later the images were obliterated with lime wash and red and green paint, while in Victorian times they were over-stained in brown. The expensive restoration process has been discontinued at present owing to cost but the aim is to restore further panels in the future.
A plaque is located above a very narrow moulded doorway in the chancel which originally lead to an East end chapel with an adjoining cell which was inhabited by a recluse in 1329. The Royal Arms of 1707 are those of Queen Anne and are painted on boards and fixed to the West end of the North wall. A section of medieval wall painting is visible on the West wall.
Monuments.
The church possesses some very notable monuments including a standing sandstone wall monument to Sir John Chichester (d.1569) at the West end of the South East chapel with columns and strapwork cartouches. On the North wall of the chancel can be found a fine monument with original colour to Sir Robert Chichester (d.1627) with two rows of life-size kneeling figures, including children facing a double prie-dieu. The South aisle has a large wall monument to Christopher Lethbridge (d.1713) with elaborate achievements and putto heads.

</doc>
<doc id="56899927" url="?curid=56899927" title="Bethan Jenkins">
Bethan Jenkins


</doc>
<doc id="56899929" url="?curid=56899929" title="Keyboard concerto (disambiguation)">
Keyboard concerto (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899930" url="?curid=56899930" title="Barcroft (disambiguation)">
Barcroft (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899931" url="?curid=56899931" title="John Henry Reynolds (disambiguation)">
John Henry Reynolds (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899932" url="?curid=56899932" title="WIOV (disambiguation)">
WIOV (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899934" url="?curid=56899934" title="Piedmont Council (disambiguation)">
Piedmont Council (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899935" url="?curid=56899935" title="Dixie Lullaby (disambiguation)">
Dixie Lullaby (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899936" url="?curid=56899936" title="Koogi (disambiguation)">
Koogi (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899937" url="?curid=56899937" title="Maruya (disambiguation)">
Maruya (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899939" url="?curid=56899939" title="David Weeks (disambiguation)">
David Weeks (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56899944" url="?curid=56899944" title="Ultrasonic Vocalization">
Ultrasonic Vocalization


</doc>
<doc id="56899949" url="?curid=56899949" title="Soviet Republic of Saxony">
Soviet Republic of Saxony

The Soviet Republic of Saxony (German: Sächsische Räterepublik) was a short-lived, unrecognised socialist state during the German Revolution of 1918–19 based in Saxony. Its short history was marred by political strife, violence, and strikes. It ended after the Freikorps took over Leipzig and was restored in 1920, only to be overthrown by the Weimar chancellor in 1923.
Founding.
The Soviet Republic of Saxony was proclaimed after the abdication of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony on November 19, 1918. The king's abdication left a power vacuum that USPD and SPD workers' councils soon filled. These councils founded the new state around the cities of Dresden and Leipzig with some influence in the other Saxon states.
The republic, although a Soviet, was not a de facto independent state. The republic did not have a real government. It was de jure led by the leaders of the official Free State of Saxony. In turn, the republic was only able to began collectivization and nationalization efforts without government intervention in the areas the workers' councils controlled. The USPD and SPD constantly conflicted with each other. The leader of the USPD, Richard Lipinski, and the leader of the SPD, Georg Gradanuer were at the front of the division. Throughout the republics short history there was open violence between both parties, and they drifted further apart. In February, after Gradanauer's government was elected, it declared a state of emergency. The USPD in Leipzig refused to allow the government to push for a state of emergency, and troops were brought to Leipzig and destroyed the local councils there. The two parties would continue to fight with each other until the republic had ended.
Labor Unrest and Freikorps Invasion.
After the crushing of the Spartacist uprising and the many uprisings in the northwest of Germany, the soviet republic had come into contact with the Soviets in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and the Hungarian Soviet Republic. Soon after, in February political violence ramped up and the federal Weimar government stated that a Soviet republic had been proclaimed in Saxony despite no formal declaration. The republic began radicalizing and the intent for an independent republic became known and by March the railways were stopped, and strikes began to break out. After initial strikes broke out, small instances of open conflict broke out, with railways being attacked and further halted in northwestern Saxon cities. Strikes pitched up in coal districts and communication between the Leipzig and Berlin was shattered. The Freikorps turned its increasingly bloody attention to the republic after a small labor rebellion occurred in Leipzig where local workers advocated for a new republic and refused to follow the central government's orders. The Leipzig labor rebellion began to lead the republic towards secession, with ironworkers openly calling for the current non-communist government to be replaced. 
Soon after an attempt to secede, the Freikorps swarmed in and destroyed the uprising. By May 11, 1919, the labor rebellion was crushed and the Soviet Republic of Saxony was dissolved.
Restoration and Second Dissolution.
The Soviet Republic of Saxony would return in March, 1920, after it was proclaimed in Eisladen. However, it would only governmentally return when the SPD and KPD in a coalition won the state election. This state was loyal to the Weimar government and did not attempt to secede like the last republic. The new Soviet would last three years until a crisis broke out within the federal government.
Political violence between Weimar soldiers and workers erupted in the months before the new Soviet government was elected due to the Kapp Putsch in Berlin, the fallout of which radiated all across Germany. On March 17, riots and protests broke out in Dresden, where more than 50 were killed by government forces. In Leipzig, another labor rebellion broke out with open fighting between Weimar troops and the USPD workers of the city. The uprising was calmed by Richard Leipzig, who stopped most of the fighting. Despite this, hardliner communists continued fighting in the city. On March 19, Weimar soldiers burned down the Leipzig House of the People, while suppressing once and for all the hardliner communists. Meanwhile, a radical communist by the name of Max Hoelz put together an Red Army of nearly 200 workers and soldiers patrolled the region of Vogtland. His army was surrounded on the Czech border and captured. The political violence that played out continued for numerous more months until the election.
After the election, the strife did not end there. Bombings by Hoelz across Saxony began and he formed a new Red Army while the federal government secretly undermined Saxony by promoting recruitment to Right-wingers, giving them more of a hold over the country. Assassinations played out, and KPD hardliners stormed certain spots around Saxony, only to be suppressed.
In early October, 1923, a constitutional crisis unfolded in which Gustav Stresemann, chancellor of Germany tried to end the 'radical' rule in Free State of Bavaria, Thuringia and Saxony. After various threats and attacks by KPD members, the Reichswehr believed the KPD were ready to launch a revolution. Weimar troops flooded into Saxony and ended the last Soviet republic. Strikes were called but they failed to accomplish any of their goals. Stresemann's overthrow only furthered the crisis, and it would see the end of his chancellorship.

</doc>
<doc id="56899953" url="?curid=56899953" title="Bird in the Belly">
Bird in the Belly

Bird in the Belly are a Brighton-based folk music collective, consisting of alt-folk musician Jinnwoo, folk duo Hickory Signals, and producer and multi-instrumentalist Tom Pryor.
History.
In August 2016, Jinnwoo announced he was working with a new folk collective called Bird in the Belly. Bird in the Belly stated their objective as a band was to uncover forgotten or overlooked British songs, stories, and poems, and reintroduce them into the current folk music canon.
The band released their debut single "Horace in Brighton" in November 2017. The lyrics are based on a poem by Horace Smith, detailing his day trip to Brighton in 1813.
The band's debut album "The Crowing" was released in March 2018. The album consisted of songs the band had found in archives and libraries, set to contemporary folk music by the band. The "Daily Express" selected it as "Album of the Week" and described it as "Folk album of the year so far".
Their second album, "Neighbours and Sisters", was released in October 2019, preceded by the singles "Robin &amp; Starling" and "New Gate Stone". In addition to songs made from archived lyrics, the album features a song written by Ward detailing myths around beekeeping, and a song written by Jinnwoo which tell the story of James Pratt and John Smith, the last men in England to be executed for sodomy.
In March 2020, "Horace in Brighton" featured as one of Chris Riddell's song choices on BBC Radio 4"s "Desert Island Discs".
In November 2020, Folk Radio UK announced that Bird in the Belly member Tom Pryor had produced the forthcoming album "Cats of Coven Lawn" by Frankie Armstrong. The first single "Life Lived Well" featured band member Laura Ward.
Film.
In 2018 the band was working on a documentary film about the album-making process, and looks at the current British folk music scene as a whole. Involved in the project are June Tabor, Frankie Armstrong, Stick in the Wheel, The Rails, Naomi Bedford, Lisa Knapp, Gerry Diver, Fellside Records, Ian A. Anderson and Rob Young. 

</doc>
<doc id="56899956" url="?curid=56899956" title="Paroa Tehsil">
Paroa Tehsil

Paroa is a tehsil located in Dera Ismail Khan District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 292,466 according to the 2017 census.

</doc>
<doc id="56899958" url="?curid=56899958" title="Measurable projection theorem">
Measurable projection theorem


</doc>
<doc id="56899963" url="?curid=56899963" title="Fort Aubervilliers">
Fort Aubervilliers


</doc>
<doc id="56899965" url="?curid=56899965" title="Constipation Blues">
Constipation Blues


</doc>
<doc id="56899978" url="?curid=56899978" title="Dan Weiss (basketball)">
Dan Weiss (basketball)

 is a US-born former Japanese professional basketball player and the former Head coach of the Tokyo Excellence.
Biography.
Born in a German-American family, Dan started playing basketball at the age of five and was selected to represent the state in middle school. He joined Toyota Tsusho in 1989 after graduating from Santa Clara University. 
In 1996, he acquired Japanese nationality when he married a Japanese woman. Later he transferred to Alvark Tokyo, and in 1999 participated in the Asian Championships as a representative of Japan. In 2001, he moved to Bosch Blue Winds. After that, he played at Eminecross while studying at Hitotsubashi University. In 2005, he earned an MBA. He was a member of the organizing committee at the 2006 Basketball World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56899982" url="?curid=56899982" title="MasterChef (American season 9)">
MasterChef (American season 9)

The ninth season of the American competitive reality television series "MasterChef" premiered on Fox on May 30, 2018, and concluded on September 19, 2018. Gordon Ramsay and Aarón Sanchez returned as from the previous season as judges, while former judge Joe Bastianich returned to the show as the third judge, replacing Christina Tosi. The season was won by English teacher Gerron Hurt, with professional grocery shopper Ashley Mincey and high school teacher Cesar Cano as co-runners-up.
This season introduced a new format to the show, as the three judges each selected eight contestants to give aprons to, and then the judges mentor their respective contestants throughout the competition.
Top 24.
Except where noted, source for all names, hometowns, and occupations: All ages and nicknames as given on air.

</doc>
<doc id="56900003" url="?curid=56900003" title="Monuments of National Importance in Allahabad">
Monuments of National Importance in Allahabad


</doc>
<doc id="56900027" url="?curid=56900027" title="Kirk Korver">
Kirk Korver


</doc>
<doc id="56900036" url="?curid=56900036" title="Margoschis Higher Secondary School">
Margoschis Higher Secondary School

Margoschis Higher Secondary School is located in Nazareth, Tamil Nadu, India.
History.
In 1839, Rev. John Ludovick Irion, the first evangelist to do missionary work at Nazareth, Tamil Nadu, a small village to the eastern part of the Tirunelveli district, started a primary school with the aim of imparting education to the native children. In 1880, this Boys’ Primary School became a Higher Grade Middle School. And later, this school grew into an Anglo-Vernacular Middle School. In 1882, Rev. Margoschis started this Anglo-Vernacular Middle School. This school functioned in the Industrial school compound and became very popular among the villages around Nazareth. The boarding section attached to the primary school now known as Kasba Primary school founded by the famous Chaplain, Rev. James Hough in 1820 and was used as the centre for boys.
Margoschis started a non-vegetarian boarding section in 1884 in order to attract the caste Hindus. Fifteen Hindu boys joined the school immediately. The students taught Tamil, English, Hebrew and other subjects. In 1885, this school was awarded "The Best School" title in the Presidency of Madras. The school was upgraded to the status of a high school in 1889 by Margoschis.
Robert Caldwell who had already started a high school at Sawyerpuram in 1862, considered the high school started by Margoschis, a rival school. Besides, the Madras Diocesan Committee of the S.P.G. had given permission to Margoschis to start the school ignoring Caldwell‟s protest and opposition. But Caldwell was very stubborn and he managed to get the school closed in 1892, leaving behind the Middle School for boys.
In 1929, new buildings were constructed and the classes were shifted from the industrial school premises. The people of Nazareth wanted a high school in their area. The Mission Circle Committee, Nazareth, took steps and sanctioned a good amount for this purpose. A committee appointed for the purpose was able to collect only Rs 4500/-. At this time Mr. M.S.Appadurai of Nazareth, almost gagged his own property and advanced the necessary amount as loan. After the payment of the required amount, the Boys Middle School was raised to the status of a high school in 1930.
The old boys of the school, as a tribute to the beloved visionary of the school, Rev. Arthur Margoschis, called the school after him. From 1941, Nazareth Boys High School was known as Margoschis Boys High School. Scouting, First Aid, Study Tours, Music Band, Folklore Dance, English and Tamil choir, and Literary and Debating Society were the extra-curricular activities of the school.
The school scored cent percent passes in S.S.L.C. examination of 1947. The average percentage of passes during the period 1938-1947 in the S.S.L.C. Examination was 74.3. When the new educational pattern of 10 +2 was introduced in Tamil Nadu, the school was upgraded into a Higher Secondary School in the year 1978.
Those days, Margoschis High School was one of the early schools for boys in East Tirunelveli serving the children of a very low socio-economic status. Most of the parents were illiterate. Nevertheless, the students were able to secure high ranks in the S.S.L.C. Examination. There are now more than 5000 teachers in the Diocesan Education of institutions. Many of them hail from Tirunelveli and Thoothukudi.
Nowadays, Nazareth Margoschis school is familiar in this area for its footballing prowess. It has nurtured and produced many Indian national team footballers line Samson Gunapandian, and I.Gandhi.

</doc>
<doc id="56900044" url="?curid=56900044" title="BX-3">
BX-3


</doc>
<doc id="56900046" url="?curid=56900046" title="BX3">
BX3

BX3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900080" url="?curid=56900080" title="Williamson School (SEPTA station)">
Williamson School (SEPTA station)


</doc>
<doc id="56900083" url="?curid=56900083" title="Daniel Petroesc">
Daniel Petroesc

Ioan Daniel Petroesc (born 13 October 1975), commonly known as Daniel Petroesc, is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Liga V club AS Strejnic. Petroesc started his career at Corvinul Hunedoara, the club from his hometown, a club known in the past for its productive football academy. In 1997 Petroesc moved to Astra Ploiești, club for which he played the most of his career, with 14 goals in 185 matches for Astra, Petroesc entered in the "Black Devils" hall of fame. Afterwards he played for Astra's main rival Petrolul Ploiești and also for teams such as: Argeș Pitești, Brașov or Conpet Ploiești. In December 2017 Petroesc decided to return on the pitch at 42 years old and at 9 years after his retirement, signing with AS Strejnic, from Prahova County.

</doc>
<doc id="56900094" url="?curid=56900094" title="Portrait of Georg Giese">
Portrait of Georg Giese

Portrait of Georg Giese is a 1532 portrait by Hans Holbein the Younger, now in the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin. It is one of a series of portraits of wealthy Hanseatic merchants made by Holbein in the 1530s. This series of portraits signals the increasing importance of the emerging merchant class, as they took their place on a world stage.
Background.
In the 1530s, the artist Hans Holbein, the younger, was commissioned to paint portraits of wealthy members of Hanseatic merchant families who were stationed at their family offices in London's Steelyard. Hans Holbein, the younger painted a series of eight portraits of individual merchants from the Steelyard. These portraits included Georg Giese of Danzig; Hans of Antwerp and Hermann Wedigh (all painted in 1532); Hillebrant Wedigh of Cologne; Unknown member of the Wedigh family; Dirk Tybis of Duisburg; Cyriacus Kale and Derick Born (all painted in 1533); Derick Berck (painted in 1536). 
Merchant members of the Hanseatic League represented a new type of merchant class, that was beginning to dominate trade in 14th and 15th-century Europe. Rather than haul goods from one market town to another, as had been the practice throughout the Middle Ages, these new merchants dealt in goods on a large scale, importing and exporting across long distances. They took their place on a world stage, often maintaining permanent offices in the larger European or Asian cities, which were operated by agents or family members. 
These merchants formed a fraternity of traders, known as the Hanseatic League, to control trade, remove trade restrictions and negotiate certain privileges for their members. In London, Hanseatic merchants congregated at London's Steelyard where they enjoyed some protection and received exemptions from certain taxes and customs duties. The Steelyard, so named because of the weighing scales that had been housed there, was a walled enclosure on the North bank of the Thames, near London Bridge. Goods arriving by sea could be directly unloaded into the warehouses at the Steelyard. In addition to offices and warehouses, the Steelyard also included residences for the merchants, a guildhall, cloth halls, wine cellars and kitchens. In effect, the Steelyard was a separate and independent community, governed by the codes of the Hanseatic League, and enforced by the merchants' native cities. 
By the 16th-century, it had become a habit for wealthier merchants, with the means to commission artworks, to have paintings of themselves, either with or without their families, made. Thus, merchants and merchant classes became important subject matter and source of income for artists. 
The sitter: George Giese.
Georg Giese, one of the younger sons of Albrecht Giese and his wife, Elisabeth Langenbeck, was born in Danzig (Gdańsk) in 1497. His paternal family were wealthy merchants who had emigrated from Cologne in the 1430s. His father was the mayor of Danzig, and his mother's uncle had also been the mayor of Danzig. He had at least six older siblings, whose names are not entirely clear. Tiedemann Giese, who became the Bishop of Culm (Chełmno), was an older brother. 
Documentary sources suggest that Giese worked at the family's London branch in the 1520s and 1530s, for at least 12 years. He may originally have assisted an older brother, Francis. At the time when the portrait was commissioned, he may have been engaged to marry. Three years after the portrait was completed, he returned to his home city of Danzig, to marry Christine Krüger, the daughter of a prominent Danzig merchant, Tiedemann Krüger and grand-daughter of the Mayor of Thorn (Toruń). Giese died in February, 1562.
The painting.
The painting of Giese was commissioned and painted whilst the subject was stationed at the London branch of the Hanse on 1532. Scholars generally agree that this was the first portrait that Holbein painted after his return to England. The subject of the painting is clearly Georg Giese, identified by the various inscriptions of his name depicted in the painting. His occupation, that of merchant, is clearly seen by his clothing and tools of trade.
The symbolism evident in the painting has been the subject of considerable scholarly enquiry. A summary of the symbols, and their probable meanings has been provided by Holman: 
 
Giese's portrait was depicted on the 100,000 mark banknote of 1923 (pictured).

</doc>
<doc id="56900114" url="?curid=56900114" title="Conversable">
Conversable

Conversable is a SaaS based Artificial Intelligence (AI) powered conversational platform, headquartered in Austin, Texas. It allows customers to create intelligent, automated response flows through conversations in any messaging channel or voice platforms. It has offices in Austin and Dallas.
Some of companies using Conversable platform includes Budweiser, Wingstop, Pizza Hut, T.G.I. Friday's, Sam’s Club, Shake Shack, CES, Whole Foods and 7-Eleven.
History.
In 2015, Conversable Inc. was founded by Ben Lamm, founder and CEO of digital creative design studio Chaotic Moon Studios, which was acquired by Accenture, and Andrew Busey, former CEO &amp; co-founder of social game company Challenge Games Inc., which was acquired by Zynga. It received funding of $2 million from angel investors.
In March 2017, Conversable launched a new product called AQUA (Answer Questions Using AI), which is a business intelligence (BI) platform.
In 2018, Conversable was acquired by LivePerson to "help LivePerson continue to accelerate its goal of providing conversational commerce products to customers," according to CEO Robert LoCascio.
Overview.
It helps companies to deliver on-demand content, customer self-service, and conversational commerce via messaging channel and voice applications.
Partnership.
The company is partnered with Phobio in January, 2018. It is also partnered with Olo, Hinduja Global Solutions, Booz Allen Hamilton, Ernst &amp; Young, Mindtree, WPP and Pactera.

</doc>
<doc id="56900119" url="?curid=56900119" title="St Mary the Virgin church, Pilton">
St Mary the Virgin church, Pilton


</doc>
<doc id="56900120" url="?curid=56900120" title="Church of St Mary the Virgin, Barnstaple">
Church of St Mary the Virgin, Barnstaple


</doc>
<doc id="56900123" url="?curid=56900123" title="David Miller (sociologist)">
David Miller (sociologist)

David Miller (born 1964) is a British sociologist. From 2018, he was professor of political sociology at the University of Bristol, until his employment at the University was terminated on 1 October 2021. Earlier in his career, he was professor of Sociology at the University of Strathclyde (2004–2011) and in the same role at the University of Bath (2011–2018).
He is the co-founder and co-director of the non-profit company Public Interest Investigations, which runs two projects, "Spinwatch" and "Powerbase".
Career.
Education and posts.
Miller earned a bachelor's degree in biological science from the University of Glasgow. He undertook doctoral research with the Glasgow Media Group.
Miller began his academic career as a lecturer and then reader in film and media studies at the University of Stirling, before switching to sociology. From 2004 to 2011, he was professor of sociology at the University of Strathclyde. In 2011, he became Professor of Sociology at the University of Bath and in 2018 assumed his current post at the University of Bristol.
From 2013 to 2016 he was a Global Uncertainties Leadership Fellow with the Research Councils UK (RCUK), where he led a project examining the function of expertise in the area of terrorism. Between 2013 and 2016, the UK Research and Innovation funding body provided Miller and his co-authors £401,552 in funding.
Other affiliations.
Miller is the co-founder and co-director of the non-profit company Public Interest Investigations, which has two main projects, "Spinwatch", a website which says it is "devoted to public interest reporting on spin lobbying and political corruption", and Powerbase, a wiki that "monitors power networks and conflicts of interest". "SpinWatch" aligns with Miller's interest in "concentrations of power in society" by examining networks which use "spin and deception" to "distort public debate and undermine democracy". Miller is a director of the Organisation for Propaganda Studies. He is a member of the Working Group on Syria, Propaganda and Media (SPM). 
Miller also operated the website "SpinProfiles" which described itself as a collaborative "encyclopedia of people, issues, and groups shaping the public agenda" and has "close to ten thousand profiles of think tanks, lobbying organisations and those associated with them". The content of "SpinProfiles" was moved to Powerbase as of 2010.
In a 2021 article in the "New Statesman", Dave Rich Head of Policy at the Community Security Trust, wrote that "Spinwatch" "echoes certain facets of anti-Semitic conspiracism." Miller's work, according to Rich, attempts to identify "pro-Israel trusts and foundations" and "networks of money or power", Miller believes were attempting to "marginalise British Muslims." Miller, Rich argued, refers to "a handful of donors who had given money to two think tanks that Miller deemed to be Islamophobic. However, it is unclear what evidence he had that they gave their money specifically to fund research on Muslim-related issues ... or that they formed a coordinated 'network' that acted together."
Another of Miller's websites, Neocon Europe, hosted material written by Kevin MacDonald, an American evolutionary psychologist who appeared as a witness for David Irving in his unsuccessful libel claim against Penguin Books and Deborah Lipstadt. Miller said he removed MacDonald's statements in November 2009, "as soon as I became aware that they had been posted on the site". In December 2009, Miller said: "Macdonald has been repeatedly and rightly (in our view) accused of racism. Moreover, the statements expressed core essentialist anti-semitic/racist ideas. This material should not have been posted and is in no way endorsed by this site. I apologise for, and deeply regret, this error."
Statements, activities and responses.
In 2019, Jewish students and Bristol's Jewish Society at Bristol made a complaint to Bristol university, "students said they felt that, taken as a whole, his lecture ["Harms of the Powerful"] was reminiscent of “anti-Semitic language, tropes and conspiracy theories". Miller said "I don't teach conspiracy theories of any sort" that it is “simply a matter of fact" that "parts of the Zionist movement are involved in funding Islamophobia". The complaint was rejected by the university on the basis that it did not contain any material that was hostile to Jews and therefore could not be considered as anti-Semitic.
On 20 May 2020, Miller was suspended as a member of the Labour Party and resigned the following month, after accusing Labour leader Keir Starmer of taking money from "the Zionist movement". The following month, Miller said the "targeted harassment" of him and other socialist members confirmed "the degree of influence that Zionist advocates and lobbyists for Israel have over disciplinary processes and Party policy". In an online public forum on 29 July 2020, Miller said: "The Zionist movement, and the Israeli government, are the enemy of the left, the enemy of world peace, and they must be directly targeted."
The All-Party Parliamentary Group Against Anti-Semitism accused Miller of "inciting hatred against Jewish students". In early March 2021, "The Times" newspaper reported Miller had been accused of antisemitism. He had called for the "end of Zionism," and said Israel is "trying to exert its will all over the world." He called members of the University of Bristol Jewish Society "pawns ... [of] a violent, racist foreign regime engaged in ethnic cleansing".
In a letter to Bristol University, Marie van der Zyl, president of the Board of Deputies said Miller's "increasingly hysterical attacks on British Jewish organisations are now raising the prospect of real physical harm". In a statement, Bristol University said it did "not endorse the comments made by Professor David Miller about our Jewish students" and also said "Equally, we must balance the rights and often wide-ranging views of students and staff with institutional policies and national law concerning academic freedom and freedom of speech." A few days later, Daniel Finkelstein, in a column in "The Times", wrote that "waywardness has a place in academic life" and was sceptical of the merits of "cancel culture". The issue convincing Finkelstein that Miller should removed from his post was his treatment of 18-year-old students who joined the university's Jewish Society and were treated by a professor as potential agents of Israel. Then on 28 February, Malia Bouattia, former president of the UK National Union of Students, in an opinion piece for Aljazeera defending Miller, said that it is "notable that the accusations of "anti-Semitism" levelled at him arise from a lecture he gave on the Zionist movement's involvement in promoting Islamophobia, a well-known fact among scholars who study the Palestinian question."
On 17 March, the University said that it had begun an investigation of Miller. In March 2021, the Avon and Somerset Police said that it had opened a hate crime investigation. In April 2021, 550 academics, including Simon Schama and Simon Sebag Montefiore, signed a letter condemning Miller's statements. Thangam Debbonaire, whose constituency includes the University of Bristol, denounced Miller's statement. 
An open letter to the university was signed by hundreds of public intellectuals and academics, including high profile names such as Noam Chomsky and Judith Butler stating that "Professor Miller is an eminent scholar. He is known internationally for exposing the role that powerful actors and well-resourced, co-ordinated networks play in manipulating and stage-managing public debates, including on racism."
The university disciplinary hearing included a third-party investigation by an unnamed Queen's Counsel who found Miller's comments "did not constitute unlawful speech". The University found that Professor Miller "did not meet the standards of behaviour we expect from our staff" and terminated Miller's employment "with immediate effect" on 1 October 2021. In response, Miller said: "The University of Bristol has embarrassed itself and the entire British academic sector by capitulating to a pressure campaign against me overseen and directed by a hostile foreign government." Miller said he intended to appeal against the University's decision.

</doc>
<doc id="56900124" url="?curid=56900124" title="St Mary the Virgin church, Barnstaple">
St Mary the Virgin church, Barnstaple


</doc>
<doc id="56900137" url="?curid=56900137" title="2002 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament">
2002 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament

The 2002 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 23–25, 2002. The top four regular season finishers of the league's teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Dutchess Stadium in Wappingers Falls, New York. won their third consecutive (and third overall) tournament championship and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2002 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Seeding.
The top four teams were seeded one through four based on their conference winning percentage. They then played a double-elimination tournament.
All-Tournament Team.
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Valuable Player.
Mike Sidoti was named Tournament Most Valuable Player. Sidoti batted .417 with 5 RBI for the Tournament, including a 2–5, 3 RBI performance in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="56900146" url="?curid=56900146" title="Sign of the Dragonhead">
Sign of the Dragonhead

Sign of the Dragonhead is the seventh studio album of the German symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes. It is their first full-length release with Elina Siirala as lead vocalist, following Liv Kristine's departure in 2016.
Personnel.
Leaves' Eyes
Additional musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="56900149" url="?curid=56900149" title="Nobusuma">
Nobusuma


</doc>
<doc id="56900155" url="?curid=56900155" title="Town Mill, Guildford">
Town Mill, Guildford

The Town Mill is a Grade II listed 18th Century watermill located in the centre of Guildford on the River Wey.
History.
The earliest recorded mill on the site was one constructed by Walter de la Poyle in 1295. This was a fulling mill as Guildford was an important location in the wool trade. This was probably the mill known as Kings Mill. By the late 17th century the mill had been extended to include corn milling with 4 pairs of stones, two for flour and two for animal feed. The whole assembly was driven by three external water wheels. The construction of the Wey Navigation was a boon for the mill, enabling grain to be delivered to the mill by barge and the resulting sacks of flour to be taken, again by barge, to London.
By 1768 the buildings had become rather dilapidated and the eastern range was demolished and replaced by a three-storey red brick edifice with dentil moulding under the eaves of a tiled roof. The western range was simply repaired and continued in use. This section was known as the Hogsmeat Mill. At the same time the old undershot wheels were replaced with more efficient breast shot wheels. In 1852 the western section was replaced with an identical brick building styled to match the 1768 building. In 1827 it was reported that an extension to the Hogsmeat Mill was attached to the Guildford foundry, on the site now occupied by the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, but this building was demolished by 1852.
From 1770, an additional water wheel was being used to pump water to the town reservoir on Pewsey Down. This was replaced by two water turbines in 1896, then a single turbine in 1930, in use until 1952 when it was itself replaced by electric pumps nearby. In 2003, Guildford Borough Council arranged for the refurbishment and installation of an identical turbine as an example of renewable energy. Rather than pumping water, this turbine drives a generator to supply up to 260,000 kWH of electricity into the National Grid, annually. The turbine came on-line in 2006. The 1930 turbine has since been preserved, and is on display at Dapdune Wharf.
The Mill is now used by the adjacent Yvonne Arnaud Theatre as a scenery workshop and studio theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="56900159" url="?curid=56900159" title="Ballynahinch Castle">
Ballynahinch Castle

Ballynahinch Castle is a former Irish country house and estate, built on the site of a former castle, which is now a luxury hotel set in a private estate in the Connemara region of County Galway, Ireland. The castle lies on the edge of Ballynahinch Lake and Ballynahinch River, and is directly overlooked by Benlettery , one of the Twelve Bens mountain range.
This detached three-storey country house was built 1754 and while the structure has been modified throughout its life, the castle still retains its architectural integrity. One of the former residents of Ballynahinch Castle was Richard Martin (Humanity Dick, 1754–1834), founder of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Member of Parliament for County Galway. Another owner was the Maharaja Jam Sahib of Nawanager ('Ranji'). Ranji decided to purchase the house, estate and its salmon and sea-trout fisheries from the Berridge Family in 1924.
Description.
Ballynahinch Castle is located in the Connemara Region of County Galway, Ireland, It lies close to the N59 road between Galway and Clifden, and on the southern shore of Lake Ballynahinch. set in an area of ancient woodland surrounded by mountains, lakes and bogland. The castle sits at the foot of the Twelve Bens mountain range.
The current building dates to 1754 and has been altered several times since then. It is a three-storey country house, set in a former demesne estate featuring a river, small lakes, and woodland. The castle currently operates as a luxury hotel with a focus on outdoor activities such as guided walks, shooting and fishing.
History.
The land on which the castle is situated was owned as early as the 14th century by the Ó Flaithbheartaigh (O'Flaherty) family, who controlled a large tract of land known as Lar Connaught which stretched across much of the County Galway and into County Mayo. The first known castle on the site was a small structure next to the lake, built by Dónal Ó Flaithbheartaigh in around 1546, one of several he built around Connemara. This was around the time of his marriage to Grace O'Malley, which united the O'Flahertys with O'Malley's powerful family and extended his land-holdings. O'Malley became the de facto head of the family at that time, as Dónal was not an effective ruler.
In the mid 17th century, the castle was acquired by the Martins, an Anglo-Norman family and one of the fourteen tribes of Galway. The Martin family commissioned the building of the present castle building in 1756, originally for use as an inn. Richard Martin, known as "Humanity Dick" because of his commitment to animal welfare, converted the house to a private residence at some point, and lived for a considerable part of his life at the castle. Irish political leader Daniel O'Connell stayed at the castle as a guest of the Martin family in 1843, while he was attending a meeting nearby.
The castle was bought in 1872 by Richard Berridge, a brewer from London. Berridge owned large tracts of land across western Ireland as well as in the English counties of Middlesex and Kent. Berridge used the land in Ireland for leisure, and built several fishing lodges.
In 1924 the castle was sold again, this time to Ranjitsinhji, the ruler of the Indian princely state of Nawanagar. Ranjitsinhji was also a talented cricketer who played Test matches for the England national team. Initially he rented the castle, tempted by the fishing opportunities there, and he reportedly fell in love with it. Ranjitsinhji provided considerable support to the Connemara region, investing in cottage industry and helping local business as well as employing more than fifty people on projects to improve the castle and estate. Ranjitsinhji continued to reside in India but spent time in the castle every year until his death in 1933.
After Ranjitsinhji's death, his nephew sold the castle to the Dublin-based McCormack family, and in 1946 it passed into the control of the Irish Tourist Board who converted it into a hotel, which it has remained until the present day. It was sold back into private ownership in 1952, and has been owned by three different families since then.
Awards.
2020:
2019:
2018:

</doc>
<doc id="56900170" url="?curid=56900170" title="AfCTA">
AfCTA


</doc>
<doc id="56900171" url="?curid=56900171" title="Aleksandr Kogan">
Aleksandr Kogan

Aleksandr Kogan (born 1985/86), who has also briefly used the name Dr Spectre, is a Moldovan-born American data scientist, who is known for having developed the app that allowed Cambridge Analytica to collect personal details of 80 million Facebook users. He worked as a research associate at the University of Cambridge.
Early life.
Kogan was born in what was then the Moldavian SSR in the USSR (now independent Moldova). His father is Jewish. He lived in Moscow before moving to the United States aged seven. He earned a bachelor's degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 2008, and a PhD from the University of Hong Kong in 2011.
Career.
Kogan had a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Toronto before moving to Cambridge. He has been a lecturer in the Department of Psychology at the University of Cambridge since 2012, after which he became a Senior Research Associate until 2018. His page there states, "My lab investigates the prosociality and well-being from biological, psychological, and cross-cultural perspectives". Kogan is the CEO and founder of Philometrics, another big data analytics firm.
Kogan has also had an affiliation with the University of St. Petersburg in Russia, receiving funding for research on social media data mining and giving at least three lectures (in Russian) there since 2014. He declared this affiliation to the university, which nevertheless contributed to allegations that he was a Russian spy. He also received funding for research from UK, US, Canadian, and Chinese governments.
Cambridge Analytica.
Kogan developed the app, named "This Is Your Digital Life," that allowed Cambridge Analytica to collect personal details of 80 million Facebook users. Interviewed by BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme and by CNN, he said that he was being used as a scapegoat by Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. Kogan said that he didn't know they would use the data to target voters, and attempted to downplay the potential efficacy of micro-targeting using the data he collected. During his time at Cambridge, he had an active collaboration and was a consultant for Facebook.
FTC settlement.
In 2019 Kogan and Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix settled with the Federal Trade Commission over allegations that they used deceptive tactics to collect personal information from tens of millions of Facebook users for voter profiling and targeting, and agreed to delete previously obtained data.
Personal life.
Kogan was "temporarily known as Aleksandr Spectre" in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="56900183" url="?curid=56900183" title="AfCFTA">
AfCFTA

AfCFTA stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="56900191" url="?curid=56900191" title="Crystal Cup (cycling)">
Crystal Cup (cycling)


</doc>
<doc id="56900192" url="?curid=56900192" title="Sound shell">
Sound shell


</doc>
<doc id="56900196" url="?curid=56900196" title="Ectonucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase 4">
Ectonucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase 4

Ectonucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ENTPD4 gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the apyrase protein family. Apyrases are enzymes that catalyze the hydrolysis of nucleotide diphosphates and triphosphates in a calcium or magnesium ion-dependent manner. The encoded protein is an endo-apyrase and may play a role in salvaging nucleotides from lysosomes. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding multiple isoforms have been observed for this gene, and these isoforms may differ in divalent cation dependence and substrate specificity. [provided by RefSeq, Sep 2011].

</doc>
<doc id="56900200" url="?curid=56900200" title="Angola, Florida">
Angola, Florida

Angola was a prosperous community of up to 750 maroons (escaped slaves) that existed in Florida from 1812 until Florida became a U.S. territory in 1821, at which point it was destroyed. The location was along the Manatee River in Bradenton, Florida, near Manatee Mineral Springs Park. The exact location is expansive, ranging from where the Braden River meets the Manatee River down to Sarasota Bay; archaeological research focuses on the Manatee Mineral Spring—a source of fresh water and later the location of the Village of Manatee two decades after the destruction of the maroon community. Archaeological evidence has been found and the archaeology report by Uzi Baram is on file with the Florida Division of Historical Resources of the Florida Department of State.
Background.
Spanish Florida was a haven for escaped slaves and for Native Americans deprived of their traditional lands during colonial times and in the first decades of U.S. independence. The underground railroad ran south during this period.
Three autonomous black communities developed in Spanish Florida, though not simultaneously. Fort Mose was the first and smallest autonomous black community but it was abandoned in 1763 after the Spanish cessation of Florida in the aftermath of the Seven Years' War. Fort Mose was heavily influenced by neighboring St. Augustine. The second community was at Prospect Bluff on the Apalachicola River, but it was destroyed by forces under the command of General Andrew Jackson in 1816. Angola, farthest from the border of Georgia, was the last of the black settlements to survive. According to historian Canter Brown, Jr., "Most maroon settlements were tiny because people needed to escape detection. Angola's 600 to 750 people was an incredible size back then, and shows that these were capable people." He described it as "one of the most significant historical sites in Florida and perhaps the U.S."
None of these were settled as a group, as white colonies were; refugees gradually accumulated over many years until a community of several hundred existed. Some refugees from the Negro Fort calamity came to Angola. 
Destruction.
When Andrew Jackson became Florida's de facto territorial governor in 1821, he "saw Angola's destruction as a first step in plans to rid the peninsula of runaways. Denied official authority, he apparently dispatched Indian allies to do the work for him." "Acting in direct defiance of Secretary of War John C. Calhoun, Jackson's first order of business was to send his Creek allies on a search and destroy mission against Angola", which was "burned to the ground". The result of the raid was "terror" all over Florida and all the blacks who could left for the Bahamas.
A small number joined the Red Sticks Indians and formed a community called Minatti at the headwaters of the Peace River.
Commemoration.
In July 2018 the first Back to Angola Festival was held at the Manatee Mineral Springs Park. Descendants of those who had escaped to the Bahamas attended.

</doc>
<doc id="56900221" url="?curid=56900221" title="Gwangju No clan">
Gwangju No clan

Gwangju No clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Gwangju, Gyeonggi Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Gwangju No clan was 15158. Lu’s surname was Chinese origin, and the surname came from the fact that Bo Qin was appointed as Lu and called himself as Lu. founded Gija Joseon with Gija when conquered Korea. , a descendant of , began Gwangju No clan after served as a Dafu () during Joseon, and ’s descendant was settled in Gwangju.

</doc>
<doc id="56900222" url="?curid=56900222" title="March 2018 Kabul suicide bombing">
March 2018 Kabul suicide bombing

A suicide bombing occurred on 21 March 2018 around 12:00 PM (7:30 AM UTC) in Kabul near Kart-e Sakhi, a Shia shrine. At least 33 people were killed with more than 65 wounded in the bombing. The militant group ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack.
Attack.
Kabul had been on alert for attacks during Nowruz, the Persian New Year. The attack took place at the Sakhi shrine, a frequented location during the occasion. The shrine has been the target of previous attacks; in October 2016, 14 people were killed during the festival of Ashura, and 11 people had been killed in a bombing in 2011. A spokesperson for the Afghan Ministry of the Interior stated that the attacker approached the shrine on foot who was then prevented from getting closer to the shrine due to police checkpoints and when he was identified by the police, he detonated the explosives he was carrying among a group of passersby. At least 33 people were killed in the bombing, while injuring more than 65, according to a statement from a spokesperson for the Ministry for Public Health.
Perpetrators.
The Amaq News Agency, the unofficial mouthpiece of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), claimed responsibility for the attack on behalf of the group, saying that the attacks specifically targeted Shiites celebrating Nowruz. ISIL has repeatedly targeted Shia Muslims, who form a minority of 15% in Afghanistan, over the past few years.
Aftermath.
The spokesman for Kabul's police force said that an investigation had been launched into the bombing. Survivors claimed about 20 were lightly injured as well.
Reactions.
Shortly after the attack, Afghanistan's National Security Advisor Hanif Atmar was interviewed about the country's strategy to combat extremism by German broadcaster Deutsche Welle, who condemned the attack and highlighted that the West and the country share "a common threat". The Indian Ministry of External Affairs condemned the "inhumane and barbaric" attack, and offered to provide any required assistance to Afghanistan. Tadamichi Yamamoto, UN Secretary-General's Special Representative for Afghanistan and head of the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan strongly condemned the suicide bombing and called the attacks "unjustifiable". The US ambassador to Afghanistan, John R. Bass also condemned the attack in a statement stating "...[he] was deeply saddened by the shameful attack near Kabul University today, at the start of the new year."
The Prime Minister of Pakistan Shahid Khaqan Abbasi in a meeting with Afghan ambassador Hazrat Omar Zakhilwal, condemned the blast and expressed grief at the loss of lives.

</doc>
<doc id="56900226" url="?curid=56900226" title="Hect domain and ankyrin repeat containing e3 ubiquitin protein ligase 1">
Hect domain and ankyrin repeat containing e3 ubiquitin protein ligase 1

HECT domain and ankyrin repeat containing E3 ubiquitin protein ligase 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HACE1 gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a HECT domain and ankyrin repeat-containing ubiquitin ligase. The encoded protein is involved in specific tagging of target proteins, leading to their subcellular localization or proteasomal degradation. The protein is a potential tumor suppressor and is involved in the pathophysiology of several tumors, including Wilm's tumor. [provided by RefSeq, Mar 2016].

</doc>
<doc id="56900235" url="?curid=56900235" title="The Best of UB40 - Volume Two">
The Best of UB40 - Volume Two


</doc>
<doc id="56900236" url="?curid=56900236" title="WEY VV7">
WEY VV7

The WEY VV7 is a compact luxury CUV produced by Great Wall Motors under the premium brand, WEY. The WEY VV7 was launched on the Chinese auto market in April 2017. 
Overview.
The VV7, formerly known as the 01 in development phase, is the first product of Great Wall Motor’s brand, WEY. The VV7 was based on the same architecture that underpins the WEY VV5 and Haval H6 crossovers. The design of the VV7 was first previewed by the Haval Coupe Concept. 
The VV7 comes with two trim levels: an entry level model named VV7 C and a sportier model named the VV7 S.
The WEY VV7 is powered by a 2.0 liter turbo engine code named GW4E20CB, with a maximum output of 227hp/5500rpm and a torque of 387N·m/1800-3600rpm mated to a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission.
WEY VV7 GT.
The WEY VV7 GT is the fastback version of the WEY VV7, and shares all the components before the C-pillars. Different from the regular VV7, the VV7 GT also features a launch control system only available on the VV7 GT.
WEY VV7 GT Brabus.
Brabus designed and tuned version of the WEY VV7 GT. This variant includes flared fenders, black 21-inch wheels, red brake calipers, modified front and rear bumpers, a black rear diffuser, an F1-style rear brake light, tinted windows, clear taillights and an enlarged rear deck lid spoiler.

</doc>
<doc id="56900252" url="?curid=56900252" title="Denmark at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Denmark at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Denmark took 10 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Denmark won no medals at the Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="56900262" url="?curid=56900262" title="Berlin-Dahlem Museum Centre">
Berlin-Dahlem Museum Centre

Dahlem Museums ("Museen Dahlem") is a complex in the Berlin-Dahlem district of Berlin. Its official address is at 8 Lansstraße, though its main entrance is at 25 Arnimallee. The earliest planning for the building was between 1914 and 1923, thanks to the efforts of Wilhelm von Bode and to designs by Bruno Paul. However, it was only eventually built between 1969 and 1973 to New Objectivity plans by Fritz Bornemann and Wils Ebert.
It originally housed the Ethnological Museum (including what later became the Museum of Asian Art) and the Gemäldegalerie. The Gemäldegalerie moved out to new premises in June 1998 and the Museum Europäischer Kulturen moved into the building in 2011. The Dahlem galleries housing the Ethnological Museum and Museum for Asian Art both closed in January 2017 ready to re-open in 2019 in the Humboldt Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="56900276" url="?curid=56900276" title="African Continental Free Trade Agreement">
African Continental Free Trade Agreement


</doc>
<doc id="56900286" url="?curid=56900286" title="Beijing–Hong Kong (Taipei) corridor">
Beijing–Hong Kong (Taipei) corridor

The Beijing–Hong Kong (Taipei) corridor is a proposed high-speed railway passage in Greater China. It will run in a north–south direction from Beijing to Hong Kong, with a branch leading from Hefei to end at Taipei across the Taiwan Strait. It will connect the cities of Beijing, Xiong'an, Fuyang, Hefei, Jiujiang, Nanchang, Ganzhou, Shenzhen and Hong Kong on the main line, as well as Fuzhou and Taipei,Taiwan on the branch line.
The line was announced by the Chinese government in 2016 as part of the national "eight vertical and eight horizontal" high-speed railway network. Currently, high-speed services from Beijing to Hong Kong travel via the Beijing–Guangzhou high-speed railway. This corridor will create a more direct route.

</doc>
<doc id="56900304" url="?curid=56900304" title="Beijing–Xiong'an intercity railway">
Beijing–Xiong'an intercity railway

The Beijing–Xiong'an intercity railway or Jingxiong intercity railway () is a high-speed rail that connects Beijing and Xiong'an.
It is one of two lines connecting the urban area of Beijing to the Beijing Daxing International Airport. The other line is the Daxing Airport Express of the Beijing Subway.
Opening time.
The section from to the was opened on September 26, 2019 and the airport to section opened on December 27, 2020.
Speed.
The section between and the airport operates at speeds of , while the section between the airport and allows speeds of . 
It takes 28 minutes to travel from Beijing West railway station to .

</doc>
<doc id="56900307" url="?curid=56900307" title="Dahlem Museums">
Dahlem Museums


</doc>
<doc id="56900308" url="?curid=56900308" title="Capital Airport">
Capital Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56900311" url="?curid=56900311" title="Casting mold">
Casting mold


</doc>
<doc id="56900315" url="?curid=56900315" title="Belmont High School (Belmont, Wisconsin)">
Belmont High School (Belmont, Wisconsin)


</doc>
<doc id="56900328" url="?curid=56900328" title="Beijing–Shanghai corridor">
Beijing–Shanghai corridor


</doc>
<doc id="56900330" url="?curid=56900330" title="Berlin High School (Berlin, Wisconsin)">
Berlin High School (Berlin, Wisconsin)


</doc>
<doc id="56900334" url="?curid=56900334" title="1973–74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group A">
1973–74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group A


</doc>
<doc id="56900337" url="?curid=56900337" title="1973–74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group B">
1973–74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group B


</doc>
<doc id="56900341" url="?curid=56900341" title="Andong No clan">
Andong No clan

Andong No clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Andong, North Gyeongsang Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Andong No clan was 3144. Their founder was . He was a 5th son of . When he was a Hanlin Academy in Tang dynasty, he was dispatched to Silla. He was chosen as Prince of Andong () during Silla period. No U (), a descendant of , was appointed as Ministry of Personnel and was settled in Andong. Then, he began Andong No clan.

</doc>
<doc id="56900343" url="?curid=56900343" title="Dover High School (Dover, Ohio)">
Dover High School (Dover, Ohio)


</doc>
<doc id="56900360" url="?curid=56900360" title="15th Infantry Division (Iraq)">
15th Infantry Division (Iraq)

The 15th Infantry Division was established in November 2015, The troops were initially trained by Iraqi trainers for 6 months and then the troops entered in training sessions for a further 6 months under the coalition forces at Camp Taji. The division considered as one of the strongest divisions in the ground forces in terms of training, equipping and arming 
Organization.
The division currently consists of four Brigades:
The brigade consists of three regiments with one commando regiment, each of which consists of four companies. The company consists of four platoons with a support platoon. The platoon consists to three squads. The squad consists to two fireteams. The Division also includes an artillery battalion (light and heavy) with the field engineering battalion. Each regiment has a sniper platoon.
Reinforcement.
Individual armament of fighters.
They were initially equipped with AK-47 rifles, 7.62 mm PKC rifles, 7.62mm RPK rifles, RPG-7 launchers and 12.7 mm Dushka machine guns. After a period of time, their weapons were updated to the latest weapons, which were M-16 rifles and S56 M-249 revolvers Mm, M-240 7.62 mm and AT-3 mortars with heavy M-2 Browning 12.7 mm machine guns and 40 mm MK-19 assault rifles.
The division also operate 60mm, 81mm and 120mm mortars. It is demonstrated in every company in the division and there is also SPG-9. They are equipped with I-OTV shields and very modern helmets such as MICH-2000/2001 helmets, various helmets, combat bags and other individual equipment. 
Armored vehicles.
The division equipped with the latest armor vehicles, such as the Armor MAXPRO, CAIMAN, and the latest version of the Humvee. 
Combat history.
The first battle the division participated in is the battle to liberate Al-Hamra camp in the Nabai area in 2015 and also the recent battles of Mosul and later participated in the liberation of Tal Afar and took part in Iraqi–Kurdish conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="56900362" url="?curid=56900362" title="Straight to You – Triple J's Tribute to Nick Cave">
Straight to You – Triple J's Tribute to Nick Cave

Straight to You – Triple J's Tribute to Nick Cave is a series of live concerts and subsequent compilation album and DVD of the concerts. It was designed as a tribute to the career of Nick Cave and consisted of various artist performing songs previously performed by Cave.
The "Straight To You" concerts was held during Triple J's "Aus Music Month". Performed over two acts it featured a variety of singers in front of a house band. The Backing band was led by Cameron Bruce. Singers participating include Abbe May, Adalita, Alex Burnett, Ben Corbett, Bertie Blackman, Dan Sultan, Jake Stone, Johnny Mackay, Kram, Lanie Lane, Lisa Mitchell, Muscles, Tim Rogers and Urthboy. There was 8 concerts held in seven cities from 9–20 November 2011.
The Sydney concert was broadcast nationally on ABC2 TV and Triple J.
A double CD of tracks from the concerts was released in February 2012 and won an ARIA Award for Best Original Soundtrack/Cast/Show Album. 
A DVD version of the concert was released in March with footage recorded at The Enmore, Sydney and the Forum, Melbourne.
Reception.
The CD release peaked at #32 on ARIA's Album Chart and was met with positive reviews. Krystal Maynard wrote in Beat Magazine that it was "an ambitious project that serves up some tasty morsels right alongside some catch you’d rather throw back." Lisa Rockman of The Newcastle Herald finished her 4 1/2 star review stating it is "A worthy homage to one of Australia's most respected musicians." Sydney MX's Andrea Beattie gave it 4 stars stating "This live recorded tribute to ARIA Hall of Famer Nick Cave is a fitting one; a grandiose and darkly passionate re-imagining of some of Cave's most intense and well-known tracks by some of Australia's best musicians."
DVD Track listing.
DVD 1
DVD 2 

</doc>
<doc id="56900365" url="?curid=56900365" title="Bantala">
Bantala

Bantala is a neighbourhood of East Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography.
Area overview.
Baruipur subdivision is a rural subdivision with moderate levels of urbanization. 31.05% of the population lives in the urban areas and 68.95% lives in the rural areas. In the northern portion of the subdivision (shown in the map alongside) there are 10 census towns. The entire district is situated in the Ganges Delta and the northern part of the subdivision is a flat plain bordering the metropolis of Kolkata.
Location.
Bantala is located at .
Civic administration.
Police station.
Kolkata Leather Complex police station is part of the East division of Kolkata Police. It is Located at Karaidanga, PO Bhojerhat-743502. Kolkata Leather Complex police station was created in 2017, under South Industrial police district in South 24 Parganas district and transferred to Kolkata Police in the same year. Kolkata Leather Complex police station has jurisdiction over Bhangar I and Bhangar II CD blocks.
Economy.
Kolkata Leather Complex.
Kolkata Leather Complex is an area that houses Kolkata’s leather industry. It is spread over an area of . It has the capacity of developing 1,000 tonnes of hides per day. It is the second most important tanning centre in the country, accounting for about 22-25% of the tanning in the country. Kolkata Leather Complex was set up following a Supreme Court directive to the city’s tanneries, on 19 December 1996, to shift to Bantala. It was formally inaugurated on 30 July 2005.
Information Technology.
Bantala IT SEZ is spread over 130 acres. CTS operates from a 20-acre campus.
Transport.
Basanti Highway (part of State Highway 3) is the artery of the area. The road is connected with EM Bypass at Dhapa.
Train.
Park Circus railway station on Sealdah South lines is the nearest railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="56900370" url="?curid=56900370" title="Tweezy production discography">
Tweezy production discography

The discography of South African record producer, Tweezy. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artists, album and title. 

</doc>
<doc id="56900373" url="?curid=56900373" title="Mitchel v. United States">
Mitchel v. United States


</doc>
<doc id="56900380" url="?curid=56900380" title="Colwellia amurensis">
Colwellia amurensis


</doc>
<doc id="56900389" url="?curid=56900389" title="Afcfta">
Afcfta


</doc>
<doc id="56900391" url="?curid=56900391" title="Franklin High School (Franklin, Virginia)">
Franklin High School (Franklin, Virginia)


</doc>
<doc id="56900395" url="?curid=56900395" title="Telekurs Hiefenech">
Telekurs Hiefenech


</doc>
<doc id="56900401" url="?curid=56900401" title="Franklin High School (Franklin, Wisconsin)">
Franklin High School (Franklin, Wisconsin)


</doc>
<doc id="56900409" url="?curid=56900409" title="Khamfan">
Khamfan

Khamfan (Thai name: เจ้าเศรษฐีคำฝั้น or พระยาคำฝั้น, born 1756) was the eighth son of Chao Fah Chai Keaw (Prince Keaw) and Phra Mae Chao Chantadevi (Princess Chantadevi).
At the time of Khamfan's birth, the Lanna Kingdom was under Burma's control. Khamfan fought in battles along with his brothers to restore peace in Lanna.
Khamfan was the most affluent of his brothers due to his marriage to Netnarivai, an heiress to a wealthy man in Mae Hong Son.
He renovated the abandoned city of Hariphunchai (present-day Lamphun) and was promoted to first governor of Lumphun (in Thai: เจ้านครลำพูนองค์ที่ 1). When his older brother, Kawila, died, Khamphan received the title "Regent of Chiang Mai" (in Thai: เจ้าอุปราชเมืองนครเชียงใหม่) and later became "The Governor of Chiang Mai" (in Thai: เจ้านครเชียงใหม่). He ruled Chiang Mai for three years and received the title "Governor of two Cities".
He was married to 16 wives and had 44 children, 20 of them were male, 24 of them were female.
Khamfan died on 13 February 1825, aged 69.
Early life.
Khamfan was born in 1796 to Prince Keaw and Princess Chantadevi in the city of Lampang. At that time Lanna Kingdom was under Burmese's control. Poemayugyuan was Burmese authority who was appointed to control Chiang mai. When he was 15 years old, his older brothers, Kawila and Thammalungka began to support Siam and joined troop with Taksin's army. He helped in the army of his older brothers to fight in several battles against Burmese.
Career.
When Rama I has crowned himself, he appointed Kawila and his brothers the titles to rule Lanna kingdom. That was the time that Khamfan, 26 years old, began his career.
Captured the fake prince at Saton
Burmese appointed a Chinese man to be a prince that rule Saton city and ruled over 57 cities which were overlapped with cities in Lanna. In order to end this confusion, the army from Lampang and Chiang Mai led by Kawila, Duangthip, and Khamfan attacked Saton, captured the fake prince and his people, assets, and livestock from several cities and sent to Rama I.
Battle with Chiang saen and Mong Yawng Township
In the next two years, troops from Chiangmai (under Kawila), Lampang (under Duangthip and Khamfan), and Nan moved toward north, attacked Chiang Saen and Mong Yawng in order to expand territory. They brought several craftmen, weapons, and gold to Chiangmai, Lampang, and Nan. In addition, Nan got Chiangkhong as the colony. After the battle ended, they sent notice to Rama I.
War with Burma, Lao, Lu
In 1806, Khamfan and Moola from Lampang attacked Chiang rung (Jinghong). They fought strongly with Burma, Lao, and Lu in several battles until Chiang rung surrendered.
Ruler of Lamphun
Rama II ordered Kawila (ruler of Chiangmai), Khamfan, and Boonma to restore the ancient city of Haripunchai which became wilderness and renamed that city as Lamphun. Khamfan was promoted to be the first ruler of new city Lamphun with Boonma as a regent. Kawila has helped to migrate 1000 citizens from Chiangmai and 500 citizens from Lampang to add more population to the new city. Khamfan restored several temples and built more facilities for people. It took approximately 14 years to completely renovate Lamphun.
In 1815, Kawila died. Thammalungka got a white elephant and brought to Rama II in Bangkok. Rama II promoted Thammalungka to be a ruler of Chiangmai, Khamfan to be a regent of Chiangmai, Boonma to be a ruler of Lamphun.
Ruler of Chiangmai
In 1822, Thammalungka died after 7 years as a ruler of Chiangmai. Khamfan became a ruler of Chiangmai in place of his brother with Phutthawong, his cousin, as a regent. Khamfan ruled Chiangmai for 3 years and died during Rama III, 1825. Khamfan was 69 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="56900413" url="?curid=56900413" title="Grand Order of National Merit (Cambodia)">
Grand Order of National Merit (Cambodia)


</doc>
<doc id="56900423" url="?curid=56900423" title="Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station">
Cape of Good Hope and West Africa Station


</doc>
<doc id="56900426" url="?curid=56900426" title="Franklin High School (Texas)">
Franklin High School (Texas)


</doc>
<doc id="56900431" url="?curid=56900431" title="Solothurn Madonna">
Solothurn Madonna

This image has been scanned illegally from a book. Notice whoever did this does not credit the publisher. The mechanical screen is seen very visibly.
The Solothurn Madonna is a 1522 painting produced by Hans Holbein the Younger in Basel. It shows the Virgin Mary and Christ enthroned, flanked by Martin of Tours (shown as a bishop giving alms to a beggar) and Ursus of Solothurn (shown as a soldier in armour).
The church which originally commissioned it is unknown, but it resurfaced in 1864 in poor condition in the Allerheiligenkapelle in the Grenchen district of Solothurn. It has been owned by the town of Solothurn since 1879 and it has been named after the town since the late 19th century, and is kept in the Solothurn Art Museum. After the "Darmstadt Madonna," the Solothurn Madonna is the second largest surviving Madonna by Hans Holbein the Younger.

</doc>
<doc id="56900437" url="?curid=56900437" title="List of lo-fi bands">
List of lo-fi bands


</doc>
<doc id="56900442" url="?curid=56900442" title="لطيفة البوحسيني">
لطيفة البوحسيني


</doc>
<doc id="56900444" url="?curid=56900444" title="Colwellia chukchiensis">
Colwellia chukchiensis

Colwellia chukchiensis is a Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, psychrotolerant and motile bacterium from the genus of "Colwellia" which has been isolated from sea water from the Chukchi Sea.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56900445" url="?curid=56900445" title="Hitachi Venezia">
Hitachi Venezia


</doc>
<doc id="56900446" url="?curid=56900446" title="North America station">
North America station


</doc>
<doc id="56900453" url="?curid=56900453" title="Short Belfast C.1">
Short Belfast C.1


</doc>
<doc id="56900461" url="?curid=56900461" title="Solothurner Madonna">
Solothurner Madonna


</doc>
<doc id="56900463" url="?curid=56900463" title="Chinese cemetery of Dili">
Chinese cemetery of Dili

The Chinese cemetery of Dili is a historical cemetery in Dili, East Timor. Built in 1889 on land donated by the then Portuguese government, the oldest graves date back to the early 20th century.
In 2015, the cemetery had about 1,400 tombs and was still maintained by the local Chinese community.

</doc>
<doc id="56900467" url="?curid=56900467" title="Regal Films Inc">
Regal Films Inc


</doc>
<doc id="56900474" url="?curid=56900474" title="Jennings eight">
Jennings eight


</doc>
<doc id="56900476" url="?curid=56900476" title="Jeff Davis eight">
Jeff Davis eight


</doc>
<doc id="56900480" url="?curid=56900480" title="Jefferson Davis 8">
Jefferson Davis 8


</doc>
<doc id="56900484" url="?curid=56900484" title="Sula Miranda">
Sula Miranda

Suely Brito de Miranda, known as Sula Miranda (São Paulo, November 12, 1963), is a Brazilian singer, television presenter and writer. She reached success from the end of 1980s, singing Música sertaneja. She is the sister of singer Gretchen.
Miranda began her musical career in the group "As Mirandas", along with her sisters Yara and Maria Odete (Gretchen) and later became the quartet As Melindrosas with the inclusion of her friend Paula. The first LP "Disco Baby" was a huge success, reaching the mark of 1 million copies sold.
Miranda started her solo career in 1986, the year she released her first album.

</doc>
<doc id="56900493" url="?curid=56900493" title="Nadlik Beyakhad Ner (Light a Candle)">
Nadlik Beyakhad Ner (Light a Candle)


</doc>
<doc id="56900496" url="?curid=56900496" title="Yeonil No clan">
Yeonil No clan

Yeonil No clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Pohang, North Gyeongsang Province. Their founder was who was dispatched to Silla when he was a Hanlin Academy in Tang dynasty. He was a son of No Jeung (). No Jeung () was son of ). No Jeung () was appointed as Prince of Yeonil () because he made an achievement during Silla period. Then, who was a No Jeung ()’s son began Yeonil No clan.

</doc>
<doc id="56900499" url="?curid=56900499" title="2018 RFL Women's Super League">
2018 RFL Women's Super League

The 2018 RFL Women's Super League was the second season of the rugby league Women's Super League for female players in clubs affiliated to the Rugby Football League. The grand final was won by Wigan Warriors Women, who beat Leeds Rhinos Women 18–16 at the Grand Final at the Manchester Regional Arena. Wigan finished second to League Leaders Shield winners Leeds in the regular season.
The defending champions were Bradford Bulls Women, but they failed to make the play-offs in 2018.
At the end of the regular season, the top four teams met in the play-off semi-finals. First placed Leeds beat fourth placed Castleford, while second placed Wigan beat St Helens who finished third. The winners met in the Grand Final at the Manchester Regional Arena on 13 October.
Teams.
Two of the seven teams are newly formed for this season, one is renamed and the other four were in existence before 2018.
Fixtures and results.
The fixtures are organised into 14 rounds, with each team only having 12 fixtures this means that every team will have a bye in two rounds of the competition.
Round 1.
Bye: Castleford Tigers
Round 2.
Bye: Wigan Warriors
Round 3.
Bye: York City Knights
Round 4.
Bye: Leeds Rhinos
Round 5.
Bye: Bradford Bulls
Round 6.
Bye: St Helens
Round 7.
Bye: Featherstone Rovers
Round 8.
Bye: Castleford Tigers
Round 9.
Bye: Wigan Warriors
Round 10.
Bye: York City Knights
Round 11.
Bye: Leeds Rhinos
Round 12.
Bye: Bradford Bulls
Round 13.
Bye: St Helens
Round 14.
Bye: Featherstone Rovers
Regular season standings.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Play-offs.
Grand final.
The Grand Final was played at the Manchester Regional Arena on 13 October 2018. Neither team existed when the inaugural Grand Final was played in 2017. Leeds were seeking to complete the treble (League Leaders Shield, Challenge Cup and Grand Final winners) in their first season while Wigan were seeking their first ever trophy.
Leeds scored first, when Rhiannion Marshall scored a try from close range, Courtney Hill added the conversion. Wigan hit back a few minutes later when (Rachel Thompson scored their first try. The first half remained 6–4 to Leeds until shortly before half-time, when Thompson scored her, and Wigan's second try to make the half-time score 8–6 to Wigan.
In the second half Georgia Wilson extended Wigan's lead to 12–6 and Thompson completed her hat trick to put Wigan further ahead 16–6. Leeds struck back with a Caitlin Beevers solo effort, covering 80 metres from a 20-metre restart, Courtney Hill added the extra two points. With the score at 12–16, Leeds equalised as Suze Hill scored with only three minutes left to play. The conversion attempt was missed, and in stoppage time, Wigan were awarded a penalty which Charlotte Foley kicked to give Wigan victory by 18 points to 16.

</doc>
<doc id="56900504" url="?curid=56900504" title="Lion-d'Angers">
Lion-d'Angers


</doc>
<doc id="56900505" url="?curid=56900505" title="Cannon Venezia">
Cannon Venezia


</doc>
<doc id="56900508" url="?curid=56900508" title="Dexh-box helicase 34">
Dexh-box helicase 34

DExH-box helicase 34 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DHX34 gene.
Function.
DEAD box proteins, characterized by the conserved motif Asp-Glu-Ala-Asp (DEAD), are putative RNA helicases. They are implicated in a number of cellular processes involving alteration of RNA secondary structure such as translation initiation, nuclear and mitochondrial splicing, and ribosome and spliceosome assembly. Based on their distribution patterns, some members of this DEAD box protein family are believed to be involved in embryogenesis, spermatogenesis, and cellular growth and division. This gene encodes a member of this family. It is mapped to the glioma 19q tumor suppressor region and is a tumor suppressor candidate gene. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2008].

</doc>
<doc id="56900518" url="?curid=56900518" title="Yom Huledet (Happy Birthday)">
Yom Huledet (Happy Birthday)


</doc>
<doc id="56900531" url="?curid=56900531" title="Kawilorot Suriyawong">
Kawilorot Suriyawong

Kawilorot Suriyawong () was the sixth Ruler of Chiang Mai. He was the son of Kawila, the first Ruler of Chiang Mai. He was born on c.1799, ruled Chiang Mai on 1854, and died on 1870.
In 1860, he created a great bell for Wat Phra That Doi Suthep and renovated several temples. He had made a lot of contribution to Buddhism in Lanna Kingdom. He married Princess Usa and had two daughters: Thip Keson and Ubon Wanna.
Thipkraisorn was married to King Inthawichayanon of Chiang Mai, his successor. Their daughter was Princess Dara Rasmi.

</doc>
<doc id="56900536" url="?curid=56900536" title="Finland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Finland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Finland sent 33 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Finland won six medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900543" url="?curid=56900543" title="Corey Baird">
Corey Baird

Corey Jacob Baird (born January 30, 1996) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a winger for Major League Soccer club Houston Dynamo.
Career.
Youth.
Baird, from Escondido, California located 20 miles away from San Diego, began his youth career with FC Heat, where he played from 2002 to 2004, before moving to San Diego Surf, where he played from 2005 through 2012. Corey played his final year of youth soccer with Real Salt Lake AZ, Real Salt Lake's U.S. Soccer Development Academy team. Corey played in the U.S. Soccer Development Academy from 2010 through 2014.
From 2008 through 2014, Baird participated in Cal-South Olympic Development Program or ODP and various age group US soccer Youth National Teams. In August 2011, Baird was invited and attended the United States men's national under-17 soccer team Residency Program, hosted at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, from 2011 to 2013.
Collegiate.
On February 6, 2013, Baird signed a National Letter of Intent to play for Stanford University. In his freshman year with the Cardinal, Baird appeared in all 19 matches, making 14 starts in the midfield and helped lead Stanford to its first Pac-12 men's soccer championship since 2001. Baird was twice named Pac-12 Player of the Week during the conference season and was named second team All-Pac-12 that year. He was also named to first team Freshman All-American teams by Soccer America and College Soccer News.
In his sophomore year, Baird started all 23 matches, helping to lead Stanford to both defend its Pac-12 men's soccer championship and win its first NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Baird was named to the NCAA College Cup All-Tournament team and again named to second team All-Pac-12
In his junior year, Baird appeared in all 23 matches, making 22 starts in the midfield and at forward, helping to lead Stanford to win its third consecutive Pac-12 men's soccer championship and defend its NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Baird was named to both the NCAA College Cup All-Tournament team and All-Pac-12 first team, as well as earning Pac-12 Player of the Week during the conference season.
In his senior year, Baird appeared in 18 matches, making 16 starts at forward, helping to lead Stanford to win its fourth consecutive Pac-12 men's soccer championship and its third consecutive NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Baird was named to the United Soccer Coaches All-Far West Region first team, All-Pac 12 first team, and earned Pac-12 Player of the Week during the conference season.
Baird completed his Stanford career tied for third all-time in career assists while also scoring 16 goals
Professional.
On January 5, 2018, Baird signed as a Homegrown Player for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer.
Baird made his professional debut on March 17, 2018, as a 66th-minute substitute during a 1-0 win over New York Red Bulls. On March 30, 2018, Baird scored his first professional goal, in a 3-1 loss to Toronto FC, coming on in the 70th minute, and scoring in the 82nd. In May 2018, Baird won the Major League Soccer Week 11 AT&amp;T Goal of the Week for a diving header against D.C. United.
On November 5, 2018, Baird was named the MLS Rookie of the Year for the 2018 Major League Soccer season.
On January 24, 2020, Baird signed a long-term contract extension with Real Salt Lake.
On January 11, 2021, Baird was traded to Los Angeles FC in exchange for $500,000 General Allocation Money, spread across 2021 and 2022, a 2021 international roster spot and future considerations. He made his debut for the club on April 14 against Austin FC, scoring the opener in the club's 2–0 victory.
On July 30, 2021, after just seven months with Los Angeles FC, Baird was traded to the Houston Dynamo in exchange for $750,000 in allocation money and an international slot.
International.
Baird was a member of the U.S. under-17 squad that competed in the 2013 CONCACAF U-17 Championship in Panama City, starting all four matches. He also represented the U.S. in the United States men's national under-15, under-18 and under-20 soccer teams.
On December 20, 2018, Baird was invited to participate in head coach Gregg Berhalter's first United States senior men's national soccer team camp from January 6, 2019 to February 2, 2019 in Chula Vista, CA. He made his debut on January 27, 2019 in a friendly against Panama, as a starter.
Statistics.
International.
"As of September 10, 2019."
Honors.
Individual
Stanford

</doc>
<doc id="56900551" url="?curid=56900551" title="2013 UEFA Women's Euro">
2013 UEFA Women's Euro


</doc>
<doc id="56900563" url="?curid=56900563" title="Crystal Cup (steeplechasing)">
Crystal Cup (steeplechasing)

The Crystal Cup European Cross Country Challenge is an annual series of steeplechase horse races in Europe. The series was introduced in 2010 although most of the individual races are much older.
Points are awarded to the first six finishers in each race, with bonuses for horses from abroad and for the final race. The main prize is for the trainer whose stable's horses have accumulated the most points, with additional trophies for the top horse and top jockey.

</doc>
<doc id="56900564" url="?curid=56900564" title="France at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
France at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

France sent 33 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. France won two medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900570" url="?curid=56900570" title="TRC Turf Ground">
TRC Turf Ground

TRC Turf Ground is an association football stadium located in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India. Owned by Jammu &amp; Kashmir Football Association, It is currently the home ground of Real Kashmir and most JKFA Professional League teams.
History.
The stadium was made at the cost of 4.5 crore (45 million) rupees and unveiled in September 2014 by then Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah. In 2017, the government and sports minister Imran Raza Ansari approved high mast flood lighting system to allow night matches.
The first tournament was organised in 2015 namely Football Fanatics Knockout Tournament by Fanatics Group in collaboration with Jammu &amp; Kashmir Football Association
Tenants.
Since 2015, the ground is being used in the I-League 2nd Division as the home ground for Lonestar Kashmir F.C. and I-League for Real Kashmir FC. It has also been used for hosting JKFA Professional League matches.

</doc>
<doc id="56900575" url="?curid=56900575" title="Gibraltar at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Gibraltar at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Gibraltar sent 1 athlete to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Gibraltar won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900579" url="?curid=56900579" title="Lisbon Station and Coast of Spain">
Lisbon Station and Coast of Spain


</doc>
<doc id="56900582" url="?curid=56900582" title="Greece at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Greece at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Greece sent 12 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Greece won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900589" url="?curid=56900589" title="Dayr-e Gachin">
Dayr-e Gachin

Deir-e Gachin Caravansarai is one of the greatest caravansarais of Iran which is located in the center of Kavir National Park. Its unique qualities is the reason it is called “Mother of Iranian Caravansarais”. It is located in the Central District of Qom County, 80 kilometers north-east of Qom (60 kilometers into Garmsar Freeway) and 35 kilometers south-west of Varamin. This monument was registered in Iran's National Heritage List on September 23, 2003. The structure of this caravanserai belongs to Sasanian era, and restorations took place in Seljuk, Safavid and Qajar eras. Its current form belongs to Safavid era. This caravanserai is situated on the ancient rout from Ray to Isfahan.
The structure of this caravansarai is in Seljuki four-iwan form and is 12000 square meters wide. The interior spaces of the caravansarai include human, livestock, service and convenience, and security spaces. There are four circular towers at the corners and two half-oval towers at both sides of the main gate which is situated in the middle of the southern wall. Also, there are 44 rooms or chambers, 4 big halls (stables), mosque, private shabestan, fodder barn, gristmill, bathroom and toilet. The materials used in Deir-e Gachin are brick, lime, adobe and plaster. The mosque of the caravanserai was probably built in the place of the Sasanian fire temple and there are no decorations in it. There are a number of structures around the caravanserai as a collection including two Ab anbars behind the western side and close to the bathroom, a brick furnace, a dam, and a graveyard in the south-western side in which the graves are covered with bricks and that goes back to the Islamic era. There is a brick-clay-made structure in the form of a fort 500 meters east of the caravanserai which has only one entrance gate and its structure goes back to the Qajar era.
Etymology and history.
The word ‘deir’ in Middle Persian (Pahlavi) language, as Shams Gheis-e Razi puts it in Shams Gheis Dictionary, means a in Persian (dome in English) which is built for the purpose of prayer, and this structure was called Deir-e Gachin because it had a that was made of plaster (gach). Today, however, there is no such in the structure.
The construction of the structure is attributed to Ardashir-e Bābakān (Ardashir I) and so it has also been called Kardashir (done by Ardashir). Ya'qubi attributes it to Anushiruwān (Khosrow I). In History of Qom by Hasan ibn Mohammad Qomi, it is attributed to Anushiruwān but it can be implied by the text that he did not build the initial structure, and probably the structure was built in the beginning of Sasanian era (Ardashir I) and it was rebuilt in the Anushiruwān era. As Qomi mentions, the king of Rûm sent a group of Amalek, which were the survivors of the ʿĀd tribe and had enormous bodies, to Anushiruwān to serve him and he appointed them to construct this structure.
Location and importance.
Deir-e Gachin Caravansarai, one of the biggest caravansarais of Iran, is located in the center of Kavir National Park. Its unique qualities is the reason it is called “Mother of Iranian Caravansarais”.
From long ago, the location of Deir-e Gachin on the ancient rout from Ray to Isfahan has been the gathering point of the connecting routes between east and west, and the northern, western, southern and eastern routes to Rey traversed in this spot. In the Medes and Achaemenid eras, this place connected the eastern, northern, southern and western states, and it had a defensive importance. In addition, in the Seleucid, Parthian, and Sasanian eras, the commercial importance of this place increased. It has counted as a part of the Silk Road which extended from Ctesiphon to Balkh, Samarkand, and Bukhara. This route started from the capital of China (Xi'an) and continued to Hotan and Kashgar, and then arrived at Rey and Deir-e Gachin, and from there it went through Saveh or Qazvin to Kermanshah and Hamadan and then to Ctesiphon and Babylon, and continued from there to Antakya in the shores of Mediterranean Sea.
Structure.
The structure of the caravanserai is a 109 in 108 meter square (approximately 12000 square meters) with four circular towers at the corners and two towers in the form of half-oval at both sides of the main entrance which is in the middle of the southern wall. The architecture of this structure is in four-iwan form which includes 44 rooms or chambers, 4 big halls (stables), mosque, private shabestan, fodder barn, gristmill, bathroom and toilet. The materials used in Deir-e Gachin are brick, lime, adobe and plaster. Rock is used only in gristmill, mihrab of the mosque and the upper part of the gate which do not exist now. Wood is not used in this structure and the chambers do not have doors and windows but, presumably, the gate, which there is no sign of it now, had been made of wood.
The exterior walls are more than three meters thick and resistant against natural dangers and disasters. The interior courtyard is a 69 meter square and in each side of it there is an iwan and 10 chambers (rooms), and each chamber has a small iwan with the approximate height of 1 to 1.5 meters devised for the convenience in loading and unloading of the passengers’ luggage as well as articulating the interior view of the structure.
In the square form of this caravanserai, the fixed elements, i.e. the chambers and the main iwans, are situated across the sides next to each other and the unstable elements in the four corners of the square and in the middle of the sides; so, the main gate is in the middle of the southern side and iwans or shahneshins in the middle of the rest of the sides. In the four corners of the structure, the service spaces are situated; the mosque in the right corner of the southern side, the private shabestan in the right corner of the northern side, the bathroom in the left corner of the southern side, and the barn and gristmill in the left corner of the northern side.
The northern iwan or shahneshin of the structure is more spacious than the other iwans and there is a lobby with three chambers in the back of it. Behind the chambers of each side, the stables are situated which are built in the form of a long corridor with arched vaults that connects to the courtyard through two exits.
Interior Spaces.
Human Spaces.
There are 44 chambers and residential rooms in the caravanserai. The rooms are almost uniform. In each room, there are 9 niches at the height of one meter from the floor, and there is a fireplace inside the wall across from the entrance. The entrances of the rooms are small and arched in the tops which is suitable for heat preservation. The rooms do not have windows to the stables. Each room has a small iwan (porch). There are holes inside the walls between the iwans as drawbars and the travelers could treat the animals in front of the room before taking them to the stable. The iwan walls, like the rooms, have niches. Also, there are 66 iwans or small platforms inside the stables which were for the lodging of the caravan crew. The size of these platforms are not the same and is different depending on the lodging of one person or a group. As in the rooms, there is a fireplace in all the platforms which are at a convenient height from the floor of the stable.
Livestock Spaces.
The livestock spaces and stables are situated behind the rooms and their entrances are L-shaped so that in case an animal runs off they cannot exit easily. The stables are roofed and the light needed is provided through skylights in the sealing, and the width of the stables are enough for two camels with luggage to pass by one another. In this caravanserai, all the animals were together and there were no exclusive places for different kinds of animals.
Service and Convenience Spaces.
The mosque is located in the far right of the southern side and it has four columns 1.5 meters high and, as mentioned by Iranica, it probably was built in the place of the Sasanian fire temple. There are no decorations in the mosque. In the middle of the southern side which is directed to the Qibla, there is a place for a mihrab.
The bathroom is located in the left corner of the southern side and is as wide as the mosque. The erosion of this part of the structure has been more compared to the whole structure; the sealing is ruined and some of the walls are collapsed.
In the north-eastern corner of the structure there is a separate shabestan with an octagonal courtyard. This part with a special design and full equipment is the most aristocratic part of the caravanserai and had been the place for high-ranking people.
Security Spaces.
There are four big towers at the four corners and two half-tower at both sides of the main gate. These towers were used for guarding as well as for lighting torches in order to find the location of the caravanserai at night. As mentioned by the Encyclopedia of Islamic History, it can be imagined that in the Sasanian era, there were on top of these four great towers.
Exterior Structures.
There are a number of structures around the caravanserai as a collection. They include two Ab anbars behind the western side and close to the bathroom, a brick furnace, a dam, and a graveyard in the south-western side in which the graves are covered with bricks and that goes back to the Islamic era. There is a brick-clay-made structure in the form of a fort 500 meters east of the caravanserai which has only one entrance gate and its structure goes back to the Qajar era. Most of the structure is now ruined.

</doc>
<doc id="56900592" url="?curid=56900592" title="Ireland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Ireland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Ireland sent nine athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Ireland won one medal at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900595" url="?curid=56900595" title="Pungcheon No clan">
Pungcheon No clan

Pungcheon No clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Kwail County, South Hwanghae Province. According to the research in 2015, the number of Pungcheon No clan was 45200. Their founder was . was 3rd son of ) who was dispatched to Silla when was a Hanlin Academy in Tang dynasty. was appointed as Prince of Pungcheon () during Goryeo period. No Yu (), a descendant of , began Pungcheon No clan because he was appointed as a Jinshi ().

</doc>
<doc id="56900599" url="?curid=56900599" title="Columbia-class ssbn">
Columbia-class ssbn


</doc>
<doc id="56900600" url="?curid=56900600" title="Iceland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Iceland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Iceland sent five athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Iceland won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900601" url="?curid=56900601" title="Kristoffer Ødemarksbakken">
Kristoffer Ødemarksbakken

Kristoffer Ødemarksbakken (born 15 December 1995) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for 1. divisjon club Aalesund .
He hails from Maura, and moved from minnows Nannestad to the youth section of larger neighbors Ull/Kisa ahead of the 2012 season. One year later he was allowed to train with the senior team. The head coach was Arne Erlandsen, and Erlandsen again signed Ødemarksbakken ahead of the 2018 season. In his Eliteserien debut on home ground, Ødemarksbakken scored a goal and was declared man of the match by "VG".

</doc>
<doc id="56900604" url="?curid=56900604" title="Nore Station">
Nore Station


</doc>
<doc id="56900610" url="?curid=56900610" title="Markov compactum">
Markov compactum


</doc>
<doc id="56900613" url="?curid=56900613" title="West Coast of Africa Station">
West Coast of Africa Station


</doc>
<doc id="56900615" url="?curid=56900615" title="Yugoslavia at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Yugoslavia at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Yugoslavia sent 14 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Yugoslavia won two medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900621" url="?curid=56900621" title="Cyprus at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Cyprus at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Cyprus sent one athlete to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Cyprus won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900622" url="?curid=56900622" title="Trust Me (TV series)">
Trust Me (TV series)


</doc>
<doc id="56900624" url="?curid=56900624" title="Trust Me (miniseries)">
Trust Me (miniseries)


</doc>
<doc id="56900626" url="?curid=56900626" title="SkyUp">
SkyUp

SkyUp Airlines LLC is a Ukrainian charter and low-cost airline, which began its operation in May 2018.
History.
In 2016, SkyUp became a registered company in Kyiv, Ukraine. On 14 December 2017, Minister of Infrastructure Volodymyr Omelyan announced the launch of a new national private air carrier named SkyUp Airlines. The main shareholders of the company were ACS-Ukraine Ltd, Yuri Alba and Tatyana Alba, who also owned the tour operator Join UP!, which was expected to cooperate with the airline to provide charter flights for holiday packages.
Plans for the first year included concentrating on international charter flights to popular summer destinations, as well as scheduled flights within Ukraine and to several international destinations. Tickets sales were set to begin in April 2018. SkyUp also intends to cooperate with Ukraine International Airlines.
The company started operations on 21 May 2018 with a flight from Kyiv-Zhuliany to Sharm El Sheikh. In March 2018, SkyUp Airlines and Boeing finalised a firm order for the purchase of two Boeing 737 8 MAX and three Boeing 737 MAX 10 due to be delivered in 2023. Additionally the airline has the option to purchase another five aircraft.
In 2019 SkyUp was hit by court attack with controversial guilty verdicts resulted in their license being suspended. However, journalists revealed that the woman, who allegedly appealed to the court, said she had never been SkyUp’s client and did not appeal to the court. Prime Minister of Ukraine, as well as Minister of Infrastructure called the court attack suspicious. Later guilty verdicts and license suspension were recalled, while the judge, responsible for the illegal verdict, was dismissed.
On 20 February 2020, one of the airline's planes was chartered by the Ukrainian government to evacuate citizens from Wuhan during the COVID-19 pandemic, which was back then not a pandemic.
Destinations.
As of September 2021, SkyUp serves 34 scheduled year-round and seasonal destinations from airports in Ukraine.
In February 2019, the airline announced it would be moving its main base from the Zhuliany to Boryspil from the beginning of the summer schedule. The airline said that the decision to change the home airport was made due to restrictions on the operation of aircraft at Zhuliany Airport.
Fleet.
As of July 2021, SkyUp Airlines operates the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="56900631" url="?curid=56900631" title="Melanchlamae">
Melanchlamae


</doc>
<doc id="56900633" url="?curid=56900633" title="Liechtenstein at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Liechtenstein at the 1978 European Athletics Championships


</doc>
<doc id="56900634" url="?curid=56900634" title="Matt Lewis (soccer)">
Matt Lewis (soccer)

Matthew Lewis (born August 1, 1996) is an American soccer player who plays for Detroit City FC in the National Independent Soccer Association.
Career.
Youth and College.
Lewis played four years of college soccer at Fordham University between 2014 and 2017. During his time with the Rams, Lewis tallied 5 goals and 5 assists across 84 appearances.
Professional.
On January 22, 2018, Lewis signed a homegrown player contract with MLS side Sporting Kansas City. He made his professional debut on March 17, 2018 for Sporting Kansas City's United Soccer League affiliate Swope Park Rangers, appearing as a 30th-minute substitute during a 4–3 win over Reno 1868.
On June 27, 2018, Lewis moved permanently from Sporting Kansas City to their USL affiliate Swope Park Rangers.
Lewis was released by Swope Park on December 3, 2018.
After playing with the New York Cosmos B in 2019, Lewis returned to Kansas City by signing with the Major Arena Soccer League's Kansas City Comets. In 2020, Lewis signed with the New York Cosmos first team and was immediately loaned to Detroit City FC.
On July 23, 2021, Lewis signed on a short-term loan with USL Championship side El Paso Locomotive and returned to Detroit City on August 1, 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="56900643" url="?curid=56900643" title="Luxembourg at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Luxembourg at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Luxembourg sent two athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Luxembourg won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900644" url="?curid=56900644" title="Proposition A">
Proposition A


</doc>
<doc id="56900649" url="?curid=56900649" title="Netherlands at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Netherlands at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Netherlands sent 25 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Netherlands won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900661" url="?curid=56900661" title="Norway at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Norway at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Norway sent 16 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Norway won one medal at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900667" url="?curid=56900667" title="Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs">
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs

The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of the People's Republic of China () is the cabinet-level executive department of the State Council which is responsible for agriculture and rural affairs in the country. The ministry is headquartered in Beijing. It was formed on 19 March 2018 as the agency superseding the former Ministry of Agriculture. Some of its additional responsibilities come from the agricultural investment projects of the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Land and Resources, and the Ministry of Water Resources. The current Minister is Han Changfu.
History.
On March 19, 2018, the Government of the People's Republic of China announced that the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs has been created at the first session of the 13th National People's Congress. That same day, Han Changfu was elected Minister of Agriculture and Rural Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="56900668" url="?curid=56900668" title="Shoshi">
Shoshi

Shoshi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900675" url="?curid=56900675" title="Huddersfield and Bradford Building Society">
Huddersfield and Bradford Building Society


</doc>
<doc id="56900676" url="?curid=56900676" title="Alexandru Ionescu">
Alexandru Ionescu

Alexandru Ionescu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900681" url="?curid=56900681" title="The Eyes of Ara">
The Eyes of Ara

The Eyes of Ara is a 2016 adventure game developed by the Brisbane-based, one-man independent games studio 100 Stones Interactive, founded by Ben Droste.
Development.
Conception.
Droste is a Senior 3D Environment Artist and Level Designer, and was in the Australian gaming industry for ten years before making this game. He was inspired by games like Myst, in the sense of a being a character dropped into a strange world, not knowing why they were there or what was going on, and to start exploring and discovering; in addition he enjoyed how the game had no jumping or running or action.
Design.
Droste wanted to make a game in which the environment was the central character, through a narrative technique known as environmental storytelling. The game was built using the Unity3D game engine. In escape the room types of games, players are either: physically confined (due to doors being locked) or alternatively confined (because there is nothing else to do in the chapter). In contrast, Droste's design is more open ended and non-linear. There is much interactively with the game world beyond items required to progress in the story; clicking on items like walls and chairs reveal sound effects like taps and knocks, accompanied by a visual spurt of dust, thereby adding life and age to the space. In addition, players have to realistically interact with tools in order to use them; e.g. turning a wheel or pulling a lever rather than clicking on it. Droste begins designing a level with pen and paper, marking out all the puzzles, secrets, and a proposed progression through the room; he may also look out for a physical feature that may make the room fit a puzzle he has previously designed. He later maps the puzzle out in a 3D space.
The complexity and ambiguity picked up by IGN was addressed by Droste in an interview: "[It] is the untrustworthiness of incomplete information and the importance of seeking out the truth. So all of the little bits of lore scattered around are designed to add to the overall story and history, but also give varying accounts of it. It’s almost all incomplete information and sometimes even contradictory.”
Release.
The game took three years to complete. It was released in mid-2016.
Gameplay and plot.
The player stumbles upon a medieval style castle, and begins to explore the rooms to uncover its secrets.
Critical reception.
Adventure Gamers praised the game for achieving an "extreme sense of pervasive isolation". which added to its timelessness. PC Gamer's Joe Donnelly noted that after the opening few screens, the puzzle become extremely difficult, but chose to persevere due to enjoying the game. Kotaku noted that it was essentially an "Aussie take on Myst". Just Adventure felt that despite the obscurity and difficulty of the puzzles and narrative, it was well-made and of a professional quality. PC Powerplay reviewer Meghann O'Neil noted that if it weren't part of her job, she wouldn't have had the time to sit down quietly and just listen, touch, read and explore, and she was grateful for the experience.

</doc>
<doc id="56900682" url="?curid=56900682" title="West Yorkshire Building Society">
West Yorkshire Building Society


</doc>
<doc id="56900689" url="?curid=56900689" title="JMI-Edison">
JMI-Edison

JMI-Edison is a Guam company that began in 1978. It was first called JMI Electrical &amp; Air Conditioning, an electrical and air conditioning contracting company.
In 1979, the company expanded and added to the family, JMI Motor &amp; Bearing Supply. It was to address the island's increasing demand for new equipment including electric motors, generators, pumps and transformers.
Founder John M. Ilao grew the company from a one-man operation to a multimillion-dollar business it is today.
The two companies became one corporate entity as JohnDel International, Inc. (Jll) in September 1986. John M. Ilao passed on his legacy to his son Ed Ilao, holds a master's degree in electrical engineering and a Registered Professional Engineer. Ed, along with his brother John R. Ilao continues to lead JMI-Edison and JohnDel International.

</doc>
<doc id="56900692" url="?curid=56900692" title="Saitoh Kazuki">
Saitoh Kazuki


</doc>
<doc id="56900693" url="?curid=56900693" title="Saitou Kazuki">
Saitou Kazuki


</doc>
<doc id="56900694" url="?curid=56900694" title="Saito Kazuki">
Saito Kazuki


</doc>
<doc id="56900695" url="?curid=56900695" title="Kazuki Saitoh">
Kazuki Saitoh


</doc>
<doc id="56900696" url="?curid=56900696" title="Saitō Kazuki">
Saitō Kazuki


</doc>
<doc id="56900697" url="?curid=56900697" title="Kazuki Saitou">
Kazuki Saitou


</doc>
<doc id="56900699" url="?curid=56900699" title="Kazuki Saitō">
Kazuki Saitō


</doc>
<doc id="56900701" url="?curid=56900701" title="Poland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Poland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Poland competed at the 1978 European Athletics Championships in Prague, Czech Republic, from 29 August - 3 September 1978. A delegation of 46 athletes were sent to represent the country. Poland won seven medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900713" url="?curid=56900713" title="Ngardok">
Ngardok

The Ngardok were an indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory. Nothing is known of the language, which has been extinct since about WW2.
Country.
Norman Tindale calculated their land as extending over . They inhabited Field Island in Van Diemen Gulf as well as the scrub and swamplands of the adjacent continental coastal belt between the South Alligator River as far as Farewell Point near the mouth of the East Alligator River.

</doc>
<doc id="56900718" url="?curid=56900718" title="Joseph Bell (engineer)">
Joseph Bell (engineer)

Joseph Bell (12 March 1861 – 15 April 1912) was a British engineer who served as chief engineer in the engine room of RMS "Titanic".
Early life.
Joseph Bell was the first son of John Bell, Sr. and Margaret Watson, both agricultural entrepreneurs. He grew up in Farlam, a small village in the Rural District of Brampton, in the county of Cumberland; he had three siblings: Jane (1864), Richard (1865) and John jr. (1868). His mother Margaret died shortly after giving birth to her last child.
Joseph Bell initially attended a private elementary school in the village of Farlam and, after the death of his mother, he moved with his father and his brothers to Carlisle, between the districts of Edentown and Stanwix; Joseph and the brothers attended Carlisle's Academy William Harrison. In time, his younger brother John decided to migrate to Australia, embarking on the transatlantic SS "Great Britain", while the rest of the family remained in Carlisle.
After leaving Carlisle, Joseph Bell moved to Newcastle, doing apprenticeship as an engine editor at Robert Stephenson and Company.
White Star Line.
In 1885, Bell was hired by the White Star Line and worked on many ships that traded with New Zealand and the United States. In 1891 he was promoted to chief mechanical engineer.
Sister Jane married William Hugh Lowthian in 1886 and spent many years living in Ripley, Derbyshire, where he was a bank manager. It was probably at this time that Joseph met Maud Bates, whom he married in 1893; the couple had 4 children: Frances John, called Frank (1896), Marjorie Clare (1899), Eileen Maud (1901), and Ralph Douglas (1908).
In 1911, Joseph found lodging in Belfast, along with his wife and younger son. The two daughters remained at Ripley, cared for by both a housekeeper and her uncles (Bell's sister and brother-in-law), while the then fifteen-year-old Frank was studying at the Grosvenor College in Carlisle and later an apprenticeship at the Harland and Wolff shipyards.
RMS "Titanic".
After serving on the "Olympic", he transferred to the "Titanic", where he was given the post of chief engineer. On the night of April 14, shortly before the "Titanic" hit an iceberg, Bell received an order from the bridge to either stop or reverse the engines (accounts vary), in an attempt to slow the ship. Despite the crew's best efforts, the "Titanic" could not avoid the immense block of ice. As the ship began to sink, Bell and the engineers remained in the engine room, urging the stokers and firemen to keep the boilers active, allowing the pumps to continue their work and ensuring the electricity remained on as long as possible. According to legend, Bell and his men worked to keep the lights and the power on in order for distress signals to get out and they all died in the bowels of the "Titanic". However, according to the historical record, when it became obvious that nothing more could be done, and the flooding was too severe for the pumps to cope, they all came up onto "Titanic" open well deck, but by this time all the lifeboats had already left. Greaser Frederick Scott testified to seeing all the engineers gathered at the aft end of the starboard Boat Deck at the end.
Legacy.
Bell's body was never recovered. His wife and brother-in-law, William Ralph, inherited his farm in Farlam; he had become its full owner since 1904 after his father's death. The farm was immediately sold because both Bell's wife and children never wanted to live in Farlam.
The parish church of St Faith in Waterloo near Liverpool has a plate commemorating Bell. The village cemetery at Farlam also has a memorial to Bell

</doc>
<doc id="56900723" url="?curid=56900723" title="Torsin family 3 member a">
Torsin family 3 member a

Torsin family 3 member A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TOR3A gene.

</doc>
<doc id="56900731" url="?curid=56900731" title="Ranganath Prasanna">
Ranganath Prasanna

Ranganath Prasanna (born 9 March 1975) is a Sri Lankan cricket umpire. He has stood in domestic matches in cricket tournaments in Sri Lanka, such as the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament and the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament. In March 2018, he was one of the two onfield umpires for the quarterfinal match between Chilaw Marians Cricket Club and Burgher Recreation Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56900736" url="?curid=56900736" title="Joel Amoroso">
Joel Amoroso

Emanuel Joel Amoroso (born 8 January 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Royal Pari.
Career.
Amoroso had a youth spell with Centenario de Venado Tuerto, before beginning his senior career in Torneo Argentino C with Sportivo Rivadavia.&lt;ref name="Youth/Olimpo"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; In 2011, Amoroso joined fellow Torneo Argentino C team Jorge Newbery. He scored four goals in eighteen matches in his first season, which ended with promotion to Torneo Argentino B. After twenty-four appearances and seven goals in Torneo Argentino B, Amoroso was signed by Primera B Nacional's Ferro Carril Oeste in June 2012. A goalless tie with Olimpo on 13 August saw him make his professional debut, which was the first of nineteen matches for the club throughout 2012–13.
On 21 July 2013, Amoroso joined Unión Mar del Plata of Torneo Argentino A. He went on to scored nine times in forty-three games for Unión Mar del Plata over the course of 2013–14 and 2014. In January 2015, Argentine Primera División side Olimpo signed Amoroso. He made his debut on 7 March against Rosario Central, prior to scoring his first two goals in November during matches versus Banfield and Quilmes. On 6 July 2016, Amoroso signed for fellow top-flight club Newell's Old Boys. One goal in twenty-eight appearances followed, which preceded Amoroso departing on loan in September 2017 to Belgrano.
Amoroso scored his first goal for Belgrano on 17 November, netting an 89th-minute winner away to parent club Newell's Old Boys. He returned to them in June 2018, prior to terminating his contract in the succeeding February to subsequently join San Luis. Amoroso remained for seven months, notching goals against Deportes Melipilla and Deportes Valdivia in the process. On 6 July, Amoroso switched Chile for Peru by agreeing terms with Melgar.

</doc>
<doc id="56900745" url="?curid=56900745" title="Lowry Park Zoo">
Lowry Park Zoo


</doc>
<doc id="56900752" url="?curid=56900752" title="Seongju Do clan">
Seongju Do clan

Seongju Do clan (), also known by Family Do (Dho, To) of Seongju, was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan is in Seongju County, North Gyeongsang Province. According to the research in 2015, the number of Seongju Do clan was 54545. Their founder was who was a Tang dynasty’s citizen and made an achievement when Goryeo was built. Do Jin was appointed as Jeongseung (), chosen as Seongsanbuwongun(Marquess of Seongju, ), and was settled in Seongju.
Origin.
Seongju Do Clan Association record that Creating surname “Do” by Emperor Wu for General Do kye is initial witnessing instance of using surname “Do”. Because, General “Do Kye” occupies Vietnam Rebellion Territory.
After few hundreds years, when Han was ruled by Emperor sung, “Do jo”, descendant of Do kye moves into kokuryo and fixate in there. Do jo also dedicate to CrownPrince Yuri to become a 2nd King of KoKuryo with suppressing other candidate, Prince Onjo who is a founder of Baekje. Descendants of Do jo can spread into Whole Range of Korea peninsula.
History.
Kingdom of Goryeo.
AD.918, King Wang gun created Goryeo. Inferiors of following Wang gun became to Founding Countributor of Goryeo. Do jin was one of the Founding Countributor of Goryeo. The newable 6th peerage orders which are same as Duke(Prince), Marquess, Earl, Viscount, Baron were made for Celebrating Creation of Goryeo. 
Wang gun created Duke order and Marquess order for only Founding Countributors and his house members. So Do jin was created Life Peerage orders,”Seongsanbuwongun” which means that Marquess of Seongsan by wang gun. And Do jin received Agriculural Lands of 12.4 Square kilometre additionally from wang gun. Do jin created Seongju Do clan at Seongsan initially and he lived in there before he dead. But Detailed Record disappeared Nowadays, So Seongju Do clan Association regard “Do soon”, Descendant of Do jin as an accurate Founder.
“Do soon” served Minister of Justice at Myeong jong reign period. Seongju Do Clan has accurate historical record from his generation. 
Do yu deok, grandson of Do soon served Vice Minister of Royal documents. He received Marquess of Sungsan(Sungsangun) order.
Do hong jeong, descendant of Do yu deok was contribute to Grand Prince Kangneung can ascend the throne. Grand Prince Kangneung, also known by King Gongmin bestow Vassal of merit and Honour Prime minister of Goryeo and Marquess of chilgok to Do hong jung.
Do gil bu, Son of Do hong jeong was one of closest inferior of Lee In Im. He also suppressed the invasion of Japanese pirates as general. He was beloved Inferior of Lee In Im, He could become a Vice Prime minister of Goryeo. However, he did much bribery with Lee in im, he was executed at 1388.
Do Eung, son of Do gil bu was one of closest friends of Yi sung gye, founder of House of Yi. But Do Eung considered taking Patriotism toward Goryeo rather than friendship with Yi sung gye. So he is always stand to opposed position against Revolution of Yi even though he was almost dead at Du moon dong by Yi’s Family. Do eung served Vice prime minister of Goryeo. When Yi sung gye became a King, Do Eung received suppositions of “General of the Army” and other highest bureaucratic occupations for five times, but he refused Yi's supposition and still takes patriotism toward Goryeo. Yi was impressive to His right doctrine, Yi bestow Title of Cheongsongdang and Land nearby Shin-doan(Mt. Gyeryong) to Do Eung. Do Eung lived in Shin-doan and established Cheongsongdang (Green Pine House in English) Clique of Seongju Do clan.
Also, Do Eung’s Documents of Land by Yi are designated 724th Treasure of South Korean Culture Heritage Administration in 1981.
Cliques.
Two Grand Cliques exist in Seong ju Do clan. 19 Cliques are Branch Cliques of 2 Grand Clique. Other Cliques are independent Cliques.
Features.
Seongju do clan members didn't pursue notable political Realm but prone to only Studying Neo-Confucianism with having Massive Territory in rural Province. Nowaday members of Seongju do clan also tend to having occupations which require profound thoughts, like as Scholar, Reverend, Musician, artist, Poet.
Unlike other clans believe Buddhism at least once, Most of people of the Do family only believe Neo-Confucianism during hundreds of years even though Buddhism was nominated some kingdom's official religion (KoKuryeo, Goryeo)
Most of Seongju Do clan members have seen hating rebellion and anarchism. 

</doc>
<doc id="56900755" url="?curid=56900755" title="Sweden at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Sweden at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Sweden sent 31 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Sweden won one medal at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900757" url="?curid=56900757" title="HMS Indefatiguable (1883)">
HMS Indefatiguable (1883)


</doc>
<doc id="56900760" url="?curid=56900760" title="Hayato Okamoto">
Hayato Okamoto

Hayato Okamoto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900771" url="?curid=56900771" title="Dioscorus Kuriakose">
Dioscorus Kuriakose

Mor Dioscorus Kuriakose (born 11 May 1957) is a Syriac Orthodox bishop, currently the Abbot of Malecuriz Dayro and Metropolitan of Simhasana Churches in North Kerala. Kuriakose belongs to the Ponnamkuzhy family, Arakunnam.
Education.
Kuriakose graduated with B.A degree. He joined St.James Seminary, Perumpally for theological Studies and obtained Bachelor of Divinity Degree. Later he studied at Bangalore and obtained Masters in Theology(M.Th) from United Theological College, Bangalore of Serampore University.

</doc>
<doc id="56900773" url="?curid=56900773" title="Switzerland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Switzerland at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Switzerland sent 21 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Switzerland won two medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900774" url="?curid=56900774" title="Hayato Okamoto (disambiguation)">
Hayato Okamoto (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56900776" url="?curid=56900776" title="Jyotindra Nath Nandi metro station">
Jyotindra Nath Nandi metro station


</doc>
<doc id="56900777" url="?curid=56900777" title="Kuriakose Mor Diaskoros">
Kuriakose Mor Diaskoros


</doc>
<doc id="56900786" url="?curid=56900786" title="Sarabion">
Sarabion

Sarabion, also written as Srabion or Sarabioun () is a village belonging to the city of Jableh, located in the mountains of the Syrian coast, administratively affiliated to Al-Qutailibiyah circle and it is part the municipality of Dweir Baabda. The village is one of the oldest inhabited villages in the Syrian coast.
Geography.
The village is at about 500 meters above sea level. Neighboring villages include Hraisoun حريصون, Qurfays, and Dweir Baabda.
The area has a Mediterranean climate, with high humidity in summer and heavy rain in winter.
Demography.
Important figures from the village include Sheikh Abdullah Al-Sarbouni.
Family names in the village include Ismael, Mohammad, Saleh, Ali, Skeif, Wannous, Masoud, Khalil, Abdulkarim, Darweesh, Mhanna, Safi, Aziz, Hashem, Asaad, Saada, Mahmoud, Eskandar, and others.
Neighborhoods.
Al Hara, Al Hara Al Fouqanyah, Al Hara Al Tehtanyah, Karm Elrejmeh, Al Rabaá, Haret Al Sheikh, AL Kzaiber, Harf Al Aswad, Naghbeen, Al Dawara. ("Sarabion.com")
The village's residents work mainly in agriculture. The most important crops in the village are olives, tobacco and wheat. Most of the village's residents own real estate and agricultural lands in the neighboring villages (Harisoun, Muhurta, Ras al-Wata, Bashnana)

</doc>
<doc id="56900794" url="?curid=56900794" title="Bettina Bähr-Losse">
Bettina Bähr-Losse

Bettina Bähr-Losse (born 28 January 1967) is a German lawyer and politician (SPD). From 1 October 2016 until the end of the 2017 legislative period, she was a member of the Bundestag.
Early life and career.
Bettina Bähr-Losse was born in Braunschweig, where she obtained her early education at the Jugenddorf-Christophorusschule Braunschweig. She went on to study law at the universities in Regensburg, Göttingen and Bonn. After the legal clerkship in the district of the Higher Regional Court of Cologne she is a lawyer in Sankt Augustin with family law as a focal point of her law practice.
Political career.
Bähr-Losse is deputy leader of the SPD parliamentary group in the district council of Rhein-Sieg-Kreis. In the Federal election 2013 she ran in Rhein-Sieg-Kreis II, but won no mandate. Since she was second of the SPD party list in North Rhine-Westphalia for the 18th Bundestag, she replaced Peer Steinbrück on 1 October 2016 in the Bundestag. However, at the federal election 2017 she was again unable to win a mandate.

</doc>
<doc id="56900800" url="?curid=56900800" title="Moussa Ndiaye (footballer, born 1999)">
Moussa Ndiaye (footballer, born 1999)

Moussa Ndiaye (born 30 September 1999) is a Senegalese football player. He plays in Italy for Rende.
Club career.
He made his Serie B debut for Cesena on 3 March 2018 in a game against Spezia.
On 2 September 2019, he moved from Pescara to Rende.

</doc>
<doc id="56900802" url="?curid=56900802" title="Czechoslovakia at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Czechoslovakia at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Czechoslovakia sent 82 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Czechoslovakia won five medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900804" url="?curid=56900804" title="Gamini Dissanayake (umpire)">
Gamini Dissanayake (umpire)

Gamini Dissanayake (born 8 April 1964) is a Sri Lankan cricket umpire. In 2010, he was one of the umpires in a tour match during India's tour of Sri Lanka and for one of the matches during a Twenty20 quadrangular series, also in Sri Lanka. In 2013, he was one of three Sri Lankan umpires caught in a sting operation, resulting him being downgraded from the top umpire's panel for one year.
He has stood in domestic matches in cricket tournaments in Sri Lanka, such as the 2017–18 SLC Twenty20 Tournament and the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament. In March 2018, he was one of the two onfield umpires for the quarterfinal match between Chilaw Marians Cricket Club and Burgher Recreation Club in the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="56900807" url="?curid=56900807" title="Austin bomber">
Austin bomber


</doc>
<doc id="56900816" url="?curid=56900816" title="Collage artist">
Collage artist


</doc>
<doc id="56900818" url="?curid=56900818" title="Hungary at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Hungary at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Hungary sent 25 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Hungary won one medal at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900822" url="?curid=56900822" title="Kuriakose Mor Dioscorus">
Kuriakose Mor Dioscorus


</doc>
<doc id="56900826" url="?curid=56900826" title="Voice of China (disambiguation)">
Voice of China (disambiguation)

Voice of China, or China Media Group, is the predominant state radio and television broadcaster in the People's Republic of China.
Voice of China may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900827" url="?curid=56900827" title="Zengami">
Zengami

Zengami is a video game development company, currently known for making the game TurtlePop: Journey to Freedom on the Nintendo Switch.
History.
Zengami was founded by Andrew Carter, the former executive producer at Atari Melbourne with Holger Liebnitz and Graeme Scott, the Art and Technical Directors respectively.
Music and Sound Effects.
The original music soundtrack for Turtlepop: Journey to Freedom was composed by Simon Betts, who also sourced and created all of the sound effects.

</doc>
<doc id="56900832" url="?curid=56900832" title="Large-window brotli">
Large-window brotli


</doc>
<doc id="56900835" url="?curid=56900835" title="Field Marshal Ironside">
Field Marshal Ironside


</doc>
<doc id="56900836" url="?curid=56900836" title="Austria at the 1978 European Athletics Championships">
Austria at the 1978 European Athletics Championships

Austria sent 11 athletes to the 1978 European Athletics Championships which took place 29 August–3 September 1978 in Prague. Austria won no medals at the Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="56900842" url="?curid=56900842" title="Large window brotli">
Large window brotli


</doc>
<doc id="56900858" url="?curid=56900858" title="38th International Film Festival of India">
38th International Film Festival of India

The 38th International Film Festival of India was held from November 23 - December 3 2007 in Goa. Hungarian cinema was the "Country Focus" in this edition. Filmmaker Buddhadeb Dasgupta
was the chief guest for this edition. 

</doc>
<doc id="56900871" url="?curid=56900871" title="Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina (1969 film)">
Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina (1969 film)


</doc>
<doc id="56900879" url="?curid=56900879" title="Fáze pád">
Fáze pád

"Fáze pád" is a single from the Czech pop music group Slza, from their debut studio album "Katarze". The single was released on April 7, 2016. The music was created by Dalibor Cidlinský and Lukáš Bundil, written by Ondřej Ládek aka Xindl X.
Music video.
Music video was directed by Vít Karas, with Petr Lexa playing the lead. On April 17, Slza released the making of video on Facebook. In November 2018, the music video had over 12 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="56900887" url="?curid=56900887" title="Chooks-to-Go Tacloban Fighting Warays">
Chooks-to-Go Tacloban Fighting Warays

The Tacloban Fighting Warays are a professional women's volleyball team in the Premier Volleyball League (PVL). The team, sponsored by Chooks-to-Go, debuted in the 2018 PVL Reinforced Conference.
Current roster.
For the 2018 Premier Volleyball League Open Conference:
Coaching staff
Team Staff
Medical Staff
Previous roster.
Coaching staff
Team Staff
Medical Staff
Coaching staff
Team Staff
Medical Staff
Former players.
Local players
Foreign players

</doc>
<doc id="56900889" url="?curid=56900889" title="Prussian War College">
Prussian War College


</doc>
<doc id="56900893" url="?curid=56900893" title="Ahora (Melendi album)">
Ahora (Melendi album)


</doc>
<doc id="56900900" url="?curid=56900900" title="Prussian Military Academy">
Prussian Military Academy


</doc>
<doc id="56900902" url="?curid=56900902" title="IEEE 1914.1">
IEEE 1914.1

IEEE 1914.1 is a standard for packet-based fronthaul transport networks developed under IEEE 1914 Next Generation Fronthaul Interface – NGFI (xhaul) Working Group. NGFI (xhaul) working group is sponsored by IEEE Communications Society/Standards Development Board (COM/SDB). IEEE 1914.1 standardizes architecture and requirements for mobile fronthaul network – spanning between cell sites and centralized baseband locations in Centralized, Collaborative, Cloud and Clean Radio Access Network C-RAN.
Founding members.
The IEEE 1914.1 project was co-founded by AT&amp;T, China Mobile, SK Telecom, Telecom Italia, Alcatel-Lucent, Broadcom and Intel.
Introduction.
Base station architecture evolved from all-in-one base stations, through Base-Band Units (BBUs) and Remote Radio Heads (RRH), to C-RAN architectures where equipment located at the cell sites Remote Unit (RU) or RU + Distributed Unit (DU) connects via fronthaul network to centralized baseband locations – Central Unit (CU).
On the road towards future 5G networks, it is clear that an efficient transport network is necessary and traditional fronthaul solutions are not suitable for 5G evolution. The current mobile networks comprise multiple separate network domains. This creates serious challenges for network operators, such as low scalability, inflexible management and control solutions, slow and difficult upgrades, poor resource utilization, and high cost.
IEEE 1914.1 project was established to facilitate the implementation of key 5G technologies especially Cloud-RAN and Massive multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) from fronthaul networking perspective, and describe the required networking architecture to enable migration to 5G and C-RAN solutions.
Goals.
The Fronthaul Packet Transport standard enables the implementation of critical 5G technologies, such as massive MIMO, Coordinated Multipoint (CoMP) transmission and reception, and scalable Centralized/Virtual Radio Access Network (C-RAN) functions.
This standard simplifies network design and operation, increases network flexibility and resource utilization, and lowers cost by leveraging existing, mature Ethernet-based solutions for vital functions, such as quality of service, synchronization, and data security.
The fronthaul architecture provides unified management and control solution, common networking protocols, and universal network elements, thus facilitating migration to future C-RAN/V-RAN mobile networks.
Scope.
This standard specifies:
The standard also analyzes functional partitioning schemes between RRUs and BBUs that improve fronthaul link efficiency and interoperability on the transport level, and that facilitate the realization of cooperative radio functions, such as massive MIMO operational modes, CoMP transmission and reception.
Members.
The working group consists of major mobile network operators like AT&amp;T, China Mobile and Verizon, and telecom vendors like Anritsu, Broadcom,Comcores, CommScope, Fiberhome, Fujitsu, Intel, IP light, Microsemi, NEC, Oticon, SM Optics, and Xilinx, as well as academia. Complete list of members is available here.
Timeline.
Key milestones are:

</doc>
<doc id="56900903" url="?curid=56900903" title="Sajan K Ram">
Sajan K Ram


</doc>
<doc id="56900905" url="?curid=56900905" title="List of the Lord Lieutenants of Antrim">
List of the Lord Lieutenants of Antrim


</doc>
<doc id="56900912" url="?curid=56900912" title="Portrait of Nicolaus Kratzer">
Portrait of Nicolaus Kratzer

Portrait of Nicolaus Kratzer is a 1528 half-length oil on canvas portrait by Hans Holbein the Younger. It is now in the Louvre, whilst a copy after it hangs in the National Portrait Gallery. It shows the astronomer Nikolaus Kratzer, a friend of Thomas More and Holbein himself. In his hand he holds a half-finished polyhedral sundial, whilst on the shelves behind him are a semi-circular star quadrant, a shepherd's dial and other instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="56900936" url="?curid=56900936" title="List of battles in Penghu">
List of battles in Penghu

Penghu (), also known as "Pescadores" in occidental documents, where is at eastern side of Taiwan Strait. Since the 17th century, there were 4 battles (or campaigns) involved Penghu.

</doc>
<doc id="56900946" url="?curid=56900946" title="It Was Twenty Years Ago Today (film)">
It Was Twenty Years Ago Today (film)

It Was Twenty Years Ago Today (also known as Sgt. Pepper: It Was Twenty Years Ago Today) is a 1987 British-made television documentary film about the 1967 Summer of Love. It premiered on 1 June 1987, twenty years after the official release date of the Beatles' album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", and presents the album as the central factor behind the events and scenes that led to the full emergence of the 1960s counterculture.&lt;ref name="Corry/NYT"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
The film was directed by John Sheppard for Granada Television. In addition to archive footage, it features interviews with key figures from the period, including Derek Taylor (who also served as consultant on the production),&lt;ref name="Harrington/WashPost"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; George Harrison, Paul McCartney, Allen Ginsberg, Abbie Hoffman and Timothy Leary.
Its release was accompanied by the book "It Was Twenty Years Ago Today", written by Taylor. After the documentary's initial broadcast on the ITV network in the UK, it was shown by PBS in the US on 11 November 1987.
Historical context.
Together with the Monterey International Pop Festival, held in California on 16–18 June 1967, the release of the Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" is usually cited by historians as the start of the Summer of Love.&lt;ref name="Kanis/SDTroubadour"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Sociomusicologist Simon Frith described 1967 as the year that "it all came together", in terms of the realisation of the 1960s youth movement's search for independence from societal norms and a new path dedicated to enlightenment.&lt;ref name="Frith/HistoryOfRock"&gt; Available at Rock's Backpages (subscription required).&lt;/ref&gt; This movement manifested as a counterculture, embracing communal living, pacifism, consciousness-raising hallucinogenic drugs, psychedelic fashions and art, and Indian mysticism. The main centre was the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco, while movements were also underway in London, Los Angeles, New York, Amsterdam, Berlin and Paris. Timothy Leary, a former Harvard professor, extolled students and young professionals to "Turn on, tune in, drop out", a phrase that became a catch-cry for the hippie phenomenon. With the Beatles as the most popular and influential act of the era, music was the principal agent of these changes. Having become a leading publicist in Los Angeles following his work with the Beatles in 1964, Derek Taylor co-founded the Monterey festival. This event showcased the diversity of musical styles and influences that constituted the new "rock" medium, as well as pop music's ascendancy to the level of art.
Pop's maturity beyond the category of teenage entertainment had only recently been recognised at this time. In the United States, it was marked by the appointment of the first rock critic, Richard Goldstein, at "The Village Voice" in June 1966 and, in April the following year, the screening of a television documentary hosted by classical composer Leonard Bernstein, "".&lt;ref name="Hamilton/Slate"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The latter sought to explain the merits of contemporary pop music to a mainstream audience and demystify the generation gap it represented. In Britain, the authorities had begun clamping down on the perceived threat posed by pop musicians and members of the UK underground. These measures included the arrest of Rolling Stones members Mick Jagger and Keith Richards on drugs charges, to which "The Times" responded with an editorial titled "Who Breaks a Butterfly upon a Wheel?", and the attempted closure of the "International Times".
"It Was Twenty Years Ago Today" was directed and produced by John Sheppard, whose previous television work included directing musical performances on the 1960s pop program "Ready Steady Go!" and making pioneering segments for Granada's "World in Action" current affairs shows. Sheppard said of 1967: "That summer there was a social, sexual and musical revolution and Sgt. Pepper was at the heart of it. It was the year of the hippie, of Peace, Flower Power and the Summer of Love. All over the world young people were experimenting with new ways of living and seeking to create a better future. Hope was in the air."
Film content.
The film includes footage from ITN's report from outside EMI Studios on 20 December 1966, early in the recording sessions for "Sgt. Pepper". Each of the Beatles is asked to comment on rumours that the band are splitting up in the wake of an announcement that they had retired from live performance. Recalling the inspiration behind the album twenty years later, Paul McCartney says: "we started to incorporate more of the crazy life that we were living at the time into the music. We started to believe there weren't that many frontiers, not too many barriers, really …"
Allen Ginsberg, an American poet and counterculture figure, is shown providing a rundown of the album's themes, song by song. Ginsberg remarks on the joyous celebration of life expressed throughout "Sgt. Pepper". Latter-day commentary on the album and the Summer of Love is also provided by George Harrison, Taylor, Leary and Yippie activist Abbie Hoffman. Other interviewees include William Rees-Mogg (former editor of "The Times"), Barry Miles ("International Times"), Hollywood actors Peter Fonda and Peter Coyote (the latter a countercultural playwright in 1967 and a member of the San Francisco diggers), music critic William Mann, musicologist Wilfrid Mellers, and Californian musicians Roger McGuinn, Paul Kantner and Michelle Phillips. The only female interviewee, Phillips recalls the ethos behind the Summer of Love: "We were going to take care of the world and its problems, and we were going to do it through a unified front of people who cared."
Among footage used to establish the context of 1967 is film of Jagger and Richards' court hearing and, following their acquittal, Jagger's arrival by helicopter to meet with establishment figures such as the Archbishop of Canterbury. Aside from the Beatles, contemporary music is represented through footage of Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones, the Byrds, the Grateful Dead, Jefferson Airplane, Otis Redding, Jimi Hendrix, Pink Floyd, Buffalo Springfield and Janis Joplin. The era's fascination with India is represented by archival film of Indian classical musician Ravi Shankar and Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, whose Transcendental Meditation technique the Beatles soon turned to as an alternative to LSD. The film and television clips also include footage of the Human Be-In and other hippie events in Haight-Ashbury, and anti-Vietnam War demonstrations. The ideological division between hippies and the older generation is shown in footage of tourist coach trips around Haight-Ashbury, and a clip from "Inside Pop" in which, referring to a character in Dylan's song "Ballad of a Thin Man", Leonard Bernstein asks: "You know who Mr Jones is, don't you? Us!"
Performances are shown from the Monterey Pop Festival, as is the Beatles' appearance, before an audience estimated at up to 400 million, on the "Our World" satellite broadcast, where they performed the purpose-written song "All You Need Is Love". The film also covers the attempted levitation of the Pentagon in Washington, DC,&lt;ref name="Jensen/UPI"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; an event initiated by Hoffman in October 1967. In the conclusion to the documentary, several of the interviewees are asked whether they believe that "Love is all you need", as the Beatles had contended in "All You Need Is Love". Harrison, McCartney and Coyote agree that it is, while Hoffman firmly disagrees and says, ""Justice" is all you need." In Ginsberg's opinion, "awareness is all you need ... love stems from awareness." Coyote rebuts the idea, as proposed in 1987 ideology, that the 1960s were merely "a drug-induced euphoria ... a failure", and he adds: "The times they are changing. They really are."
Release and reception.
"It Was Twenty Years Ago Today" was broadcast on the ITV network in Britain on 1 June 1987. It was one of many television and radio programs honouring the twentieth anniversary of the release of "Sgt. Pepper", although the actual release date in 1967 had been brought forward to late May. In addition to the publication of Taylor's book, the album was issued on compact disc for the first time and peaked at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart. In a contemporary interview, Taylor said: "I haven't seen anything like this in a number of years. I have a feeling of dread that we have Beatlemania back again."&lt;ref name="Duffy/Sentinel"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The documentary was shown by PBS in the US on 11 November.
The documentary received highly favourable reviews.&lt;ref name="Macdonald/Guardian"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Richard Harrington of "The Washington Post" described it as "much more than musical nostalgia or a Beatles memorial. It's a thoughtful, expansive look back at the times, the dreams, the rude realities and the untarnished aspirations of many of its key players." He said that Harrison offered the most insightful comments on the times, and added: "One comes away from 'It Was 20 Years Ago Today' with a remembrance of the invitations that defined the era. Invitations not just to 'feed your head' or 'turn on, tune in, drop out,' but to participate in a new community, to explore changes and exchanges, to experiment, to join in a 'tide of playfulness.'" Writing in "The New York Times", John Corry welcomed the two former Beatles' insights, although he rued the presence of Leary, Hoffman and Fonda, and that the frequent interview comments limited the amount of music that was heard. Corry also questioned the filmmakers' contention that the Beatles were solely responsible for the cultural changes of 1967 and said that "The paradox in the documentary is that Mr. McCartney and Mr. Harrison ... claim a good deal less than their apostles."
Hoffman said that Sheppard's film was "simply brilliant" and "the only thing I'm ever going to recommend to anybody about the 60s". When asked in a "Q" magazine interview in late 1987 why he had been the only person to unequivocally agree with the sentiments of "All You Need Is Love", Harrison replied: "They all said All You Need Is Love but you also need such-and-such else. But … love is complete knowledge. If we all had total knowledge, then we would have complete love and, on that basis, everything is taken care of. It's a law of nature."
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="56900962" url="?curid=56900962" title="Jura National Scenic Area">
Jura National Scenic Area


</doc>
<doc id="56900964" url="?curid=56900964" title="Nikolaus Kratzer">
Nikolaus Kratzer


</doc>
<doc id="56900976" url="?curid=56900976" title="Jean-Paul Enthoven">
Jean-Paul Enthoven

Jean-Paul Enthoven (born 11 January 1949) is a French publisher and journalist.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Born in Mascara near Oran in French Algeria, Enthoven comes from a bourgeois Jewish family. His mother was born Gilberte Tordjman and his father, Edmond Enthoven, was a businessman who made his fortune in real estate and cinema management. In this completely agnostic Jewish family environment, his political socialization took place in a very republican atmosphere, attached to moral considerations such as the defense of human rights and found himself in the political figure of a Clemenceau.
His family was linked to the Oranese intellectual elite, notably with philosopher André Bénichou, director of the Descartes course which many French academics attended during the Algerian War. Thus his parents became close to Pierre Nora and the latter helped their son when he became a boarder at Lycée Lakanal in Sceaux. Jean-Paul Enthoven was then very close to the "Nora family", Pierre Nora being its "Cicerone".
After attending the lycée Buffon, he entered the lycée Janson-de-Sailly where he took philosophy classes from Maurice Clavel. The latter noticed him among the heads of the class and made him meet Gabriel Marcel but especially Pierre Boutang whose influence plunged him for a time into "self-hatred".
He was then a student at the Faculty of Letters at Paris-Sorbonne and at the Faculté de droit de Paris. He obtained a degree in history, a diploma from the Institute of Political Studies, a DES in public law and political science.
Career.
Although anchored on the left, he missed May 68 by preferring literature to ideological debates. The readings he made at Éditions Gallimard around 1971/1972 gave him the opportunity to meet Raymond Aron. If he did not become a disciple, the latter led him to detach himself very quickly from a Marxism to which readings had led him to adhere. And he defined himself as Spinozo-nietzschean when, in 1973, he became assistant to Maurice Duverger at the Sorbonne.
An assistant at the university Paris I - Panthéon Sorbonne from 1973 to 1975, he meets a young philosopher who has just returned from Bangladesh, Bernard-Henri Lévy. Falling under the spell of the normalien, he presented him in the autumn of 1974 to his friend Gilles Hertzog, who thus participated in the life of the ephemeral daily "L'Imprévu" (January–February 1975). Despite the failure of Bernard-Henri Lévy's daily, the trio's friendship grew stronger around him to the point of appearing to be a true "sibling" where Jean-Paul Enthoven would, in his own words, be "Bernard's Minister of the Interior, and Gilles, his State Secretary for Foreign Affairs".
At the same time, his ties with Pierre Nora brought him into contact with Jean Daniel and the staff of "Le Nouvel Observateur".
From December 1973 onwards, he published reviews of essays in philosophy and human sciences. It was then that in 1975, he did not appreciate being solicited by Maurice Duverger as a character witness in a trial about his Vichyst past. He thus resigned from teaching and turned to journalism. He was a journalist and then assistant to the chief editor of "Le Nouvel Observateur" until 1984.
He was responsible for covering intellectual debates, interviews with leading intellectual figures, reviews of political and philosophical essays, and all current events affecting the intellectual world.
Close to Maurice Clavel - whom he occasionally replaces for his television column - he is nonetheless much appreciated by the editor of the newspaper who consults him for the choice of a word in his editorial or the ongoing debates in the Parisian microcosm. With the latter two, he actively supports the media blossoming of the "Nouveaux Philosophes" and their leader, his friend Bernard-Henri Lévy. He admired the latter immensely and had such strong ties with him that all they lacked was "to be homosexual in order to mix and mingle", even more than they are. Witness at his wedding (like Gilles Hertzog), having breakfast every Saturday morning with him, he shares his passions as his concern for aesthetic appearance.
From the early 1980s, he took on more and more editorial responsibilities. Thus, in 1983, he took over the direction of the "Biblio-Essais" series founded by Bernard-Henri Lévy at Grasset. In 1984, he left his position as Assistant Editor-in-Chief of "the Nouvel Observateur" to head the Hachette-Littérature publishing house.
In 1986, he returned to the publishing house Grasset &amp; Fasquelle as editorial director.
Since 1993, he has been editorial advisor to the editorial board of the weekly magazine "Le Point" where he publishes literary reviews.
In 1997, he co-wrote the film "Day and Night" with Bernard-Henri Lévy.
Since 2011, he has been a member of the jury of the .
Private life.
Enthoven is the father of three children with Catherine David: 
On 4 December 1981, Jean-Paul Enthoven married Corinne Pécas, daughter of Max Pécas, director and producer of erotic films. In 2000, he was Carla Bruni's companion, before she left him for his own son Raphaël, who was the subject of her song "Raphaël", and with whom she has a son, Aurélien, born in 2001.
Jean-Paul Enthoven, divorced from Corinne Pécas, is today the husband of the Italian-Argentine journalist Patricia Della Giovampaola, widow of Rodolphe de Belzunce d'Arenberg.
In September 2020 he publicly disowned his son Raphaël, after the latter published an autobiography. Enthoven complained about his private life being made public, asking his son to "show restraint" and cut off all contact.
Works.
In November 2007 he took part in the shooting of "Cinéman", a film by his friend Yann Moix in which his son Julien Enthoven played a part.
Distinctions.
Enthoven is an officier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

</doc>
<doc id="56900977" url="?curid=56900977" title="Khams Military Commission">
Khams Military Commission

In 1372, Khams paid allegiance to Ming dynasty, Khamas Guard was set a year later. It was reformed to a Military Commission (Chinese:朵甘行都指挥使司) in 1374. It was abandoned when the Tartar Mongol expanded in the period of Wanli.

</doc>
<doc id="56900978" url="?curid=56900978" title="Type 21 class frigate">
Type 21 class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56900979" url="?curid=56900979" title="John Bradstreet (Salem witch trials)">
John Bradstreet (Salem witch trials)

John Bradstreet (22 July 1652 – 11 January 1697) was an accused "witch" during the Salem Witch Trials.
Salem Witch Trials.
Bradstreet encountered some of the "afflicted girls" in the street, after which a dog barked at him and ran away. The girls accused him of witchcraft, and Bradstreet immediately fled to New York. He returned to Massachusetts after the hysteria died down. The dog was hanged as a witch.
Family.
Bradstreet was the son of Governor Simon Bradstreet and his wife Anne Dudley Bradstreet. Anne's father was Thomas Dudley, another governor of Massachusetts Bay. John's brother, Dudley, was Justice of the Peace in Andover and another accused "witch".
He married Sarah Perkins and had the following known children:
Bradstreet is an ancestor of actor J. K. Simmons.

</doc>
<doc id="56900981" url="?curid=56900981" title="It Was Twenty Years Ago Today">
It Was Twenty Years Ago Today

It Was Twenty Years Ago Today may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56900984" url="?curid=56900984" title="Charlotte Pence Bond">
Charlotte Pence Bond

Charlotte Pence Bond (born Charlotte Rose Pence; June 25, 1993) is an American writer who is the second child and elder daughter of former Vice President of the United States Mike Pence, and former Second Lady of the United States, Karen Pence.
Pence graduated from DePaul University. She wrote articles for "The DePaulia", "Thought Catalog" and "Glamour", fiction articles for "The Isis Magazine", and poems for "Seven Voices" published by University of Oxford. Pence did film production internships while in college, and won a 2014 Emmy Award for the Lower Great Lakes region for a film she co-wrote and for which she was an associate producer.
She is the author of children's book "Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President", published in 2018.
Early life and education.
Pence grew up with her parents and siblings in Columbus, Indiana. Her father Mike encouraged her to be a writer and "cherished" a biography she wrote of him when she was 7. Her mother Karen said that she was a storyteller since she could talk.:1 Pence described her family as "very, very close" and said that "[they] talk about everything together". She said that she and her siblings could choose how involved in politics they would be; Pence told Ben Shapiro in an interview in 2018 that as children they could be included in an event only if they wanted to. She said that they have political debates in their house and on the phone.:1:31
Pence spent her junior year at DePaul University studying a semester in English and Philosophy abroad at St Catherine's College, Oxford. At DePaul, Pence was involved with the school ministry, a student group that addresses violence in Chicago, and creative writing and film communities; she worked on documentary projects, one of which won nine regional Emmy Awards, and joined the Chi Omega sorority. She graduated with a double major in Digital Cinema – Screenwriting, and English – Creative Writing from DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media in June 2016. In September 2020, Pence was attending her second year at the Harvard Divinity School, for a master's degree.
Career.
Pence did film production internships while in college. In 2013, she interned at WFYI, a public broadcasting station in central Indiana, working in the television production department. Pence was the associate producer and co-writer of the 2013 documentary film "Fleeced: Speaking Out Against Senior Financial Abuse", which highlights "the stories of seniors who have been scammed by financial predators". The film won a 2014 Emmy award for the Lower Great Lakes region. Pence has since worked on several documentary and short film projects. She said in 2016 that she "[wanted] to go into the creative side of film production, looking at stories and books and scripts and real life stories and taking those to the screen". Pence's biography for the documentary film "For the Records" states, "She hopes to pursue a career in writing for film and documentaries after college."
Pence is a writer and has published poems, short stories and articles. In 2014, she wrote an article for "Thought Catalog" about her religious beliefs. In 2015, Pence wrote a column for DePaul University's "The DePaulia" about her studying abroad at Oxford University. In it, she talks about "finding a running path and learning to navigate the pubs". Also in 2015, Pence published several poems for the Oxford blog "Seven Voices" and fiction pieces for "The Isis Magazine", an independent UK student magazine. She wrote an essay for "Glamour" that was released Tuesday ahead of her father's prime time debate as the Republican vice presidential candidate of the 2016 Donald Trump presidential campaign. In the essay, Pence wrote about the lessons she had learned from her father. She described her lifestyle changes after her father became Trump's running mate in July, writing, "I went from taking public transit in Chicago to riding in a presidential motorcade in the span of just a few months."
Early August 2016, Pence started travelling around the U.S. with her father on his campaign trail, which included the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio. Pence's recent graduation gave her time to travel the country and she joked that her role on the campaign trail was to "babysit her parents". Charlotte said that she was the only one of her siblings to be home at the time of the nomination.:1 Pence described herself politically as "more of a moderate or independent" and said that she does not always agree with the policies of her father and Trump, adding "I think I have views that go across the board", which she says has been encouraged by her parents. In 2018, Pence said that her father tells her, regarding the public criticism and protests against him, "That's what freedom looks like.":29
Since the inauguration, Pence helped provide a "support system for her parents", without taking official roles, while working full-time in Washington, D.C. at a film production company. In September 2017, Pence started an agent training program at the United Talent Agency.
Marlon Bundo.
In 2013, Pence needed a rabbit for a short film project as a freshman at DePaul, and she bought a black and white rabbit from Craigslist. Pence named the rabbit 'Marlon Bundo' after Marlon Brando, as Pence's friend noticed the similarity between Brando's phrase "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse" from "The Godfather" and the rabbit's seller's response "Make me an offer" to a message about the price. Speaking to the "Chicago Tribune" she recalled: "We drove out to the suburbs, my friends and I, and we picked him up. I think he was like $20. He was in the short film, and I just kept him after that." Bundo lived with Pence throughout college for four years, and continued to live with the Pences at Number One Observatory Circle afterwards.:2 Pence created an Instagram account for Bundo "right after [her] dad was inaugurated [Vice President]", "not knowing if anybody would follow it". Pence and her mother thought about creating a children's book, following Bundo's popularity on Instagram and because Karen is a watercolor painter. Pence told "The Denver Post" that she "really [likes] children's literature and middle-grade fiction" and had "always wanted to be a writer". Pence told Andrew Klavan in a 2018 interview that she could also write non-fiction and write for adults.:35
On March 19, 2018, the children's picture book "Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President" was released. It was written by Charlotte and illustrated by Karen. The picture book tells the story of Bundo observing the Vice President's daily activities. Pence said that they'd "love to do something for a sequel". Proceeds from the picture book go to benefit art therapy programs, and The A21 Campaign, which works to combat human trafficking; Charlotte Pence picked the latter charity because of her prior experience with the organization.
As a "jab" at Mike Pence's opposition to LGBT rights in the United States, a parody of the picture book titled "A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo", authored by "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" comedy writer Jill Twiss and illustrated by Gerald Kelley, was published by Chronicle Books a day before. In the parody book, Bundo falls in love with a rabbit named Wesley, but a cockroach resembling Mike Pence decrees that male rabbits cannot marry each other. Proceeds from the parody book go to benefit The Trevor Project, which runs a crisis hotline for members of the LGBTQ community, and AIDS United. The picture book and the parody book reached the fourth and the first spot, respectively, on Amazon's best-selling books list. As of late March 2018, Pence's book and Twiss's book sold approximately 100,000 and 400,000 copies, respectively, and were respectively No. 5 and No. 6 Children's Picture Books on "The New York Times" Best Seller list. Pence reacted positively to the parody book, saying:
I think imitation is the most sincere form of flattery in a way. But in all seriousness, his book is contributing to charities that I think we can all get behind. We have two books that are giving to charities that are both about bunnies, so I'm all for it, really.
Personal life.
Pence became engaged to Navy lieutenant Henry Bond in July 2019, and married him in December of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="56900986" url="?curid=56900986" title="Commander-in-Chief, North America and West Indies Station">
Commander-in-Chief, North America and West Indies Station


</doc>
<doc id="56900990" url="?curid=56900990" title="Wallachian uprising">
Wallachian uprising


</doc>
<doc id="56900996" url="?curid=56900996" title="Commander-in-Chief, America and West Indies Station">
Commander-in-Chief, America and West Indies Station


</doc>
<doc id="56900998" url="?curid=56900998" title="ECTV">
ECTV


</doc>
<doc id="56901000" url="?curid=56901000" title="Diana Chire">
Diana Chire

Diana Chire is a London-based Egyptian artist and director who first received national attention when she presented herself nude in her exhibit at the 2015 Frieze Art Fair in London. Her art themes feature gender, sexuality and the nature of racial identity.
Biography.
Chire was born in Egypt, and moved to London, England, when she was five. She studied at Westminster University. She is the editor and publisher of arts newspaper "She-Zine". 
Chire is known for her performance artworks that focus on black female identity, exposing the gender imbalances in the art world, and for using her own body as a medium. She shaved her head in 2016, explaining that as she became more comfortable with using her body as a medium, she felt she no longer needed to wear weaves or straighten her hair to be beautiful. She stitched her weave onto pillowcases.

</doc>
<doc id="56901001" url="?curid=56901001" title="Jinju Dongbang clan">
Jinju Dongbang clan

Jinju Dongbang clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Jinju, South Gyeongsang Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Jinju Dongbang clan was 98. Dongbang clan was born in Jinan, China. Fuxi made surname East () because he was a citizen of zhèn (). Jinju Dongbang clan's founder was . He passed Imperial examination in 1792. It is not clear that how Jinju Dongbang clan were established in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56901012" url="?curid=56901012" title="Irina Zakurdjaeva">
Irina Zakurdjaeva

Irina Zakurdjaeva (; born 30 November 1982) is a Russian chess player who hold the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM, 2003).
Biography.
From 1997 to 2002 Irina Zakurdjaeva played for Russia at the European Youth Chess Championship and at the World Youth Chess Championship in different age groups, where the best result was shown in 2001 in Rio, when she won the bronze medal at the European Girl's Chess Championship in the age group U20. In 1999, in Russian Junior Chess Championship Irina Zakurdjaeva shared the first place with Tatiana Kosintseva, Ekaterina Polovnikova and Nadezhda Kosintseva in the age group U18. In 2000, she won this age group Russian Junior Chess Championship ahead of Nadezhda Kosintseva and Olga Zimina, but in 2001 she was second in Russian Junior Chess Championship in the age group U20.
In 2007, Irina Zakurdjaeva shared the second place in the Open chess tournament in Istanbul (won Mikhail Gurevich) and ranked 10th in Women's European Individual Chess Championship in Dresden and qualified for the Women's World Chess Championship. In 2008, in Nalchik she participated in the Women's World Chess Championship 2008, where in the first round lost Ruan Lufei. 
In 2009, Irina Zakurdjaeva took the fourth place in the women's grandmaster Round-robin tournament in San Sebastián (won Sophie Milliet). In 2010, she won silver medal at the Moscow Women's Chess Championship (won Nazí Paikidze) and shared the 1st place in the women's international chess tournament in Erfurt.
In 2001, she was awarded the FIDE International Women Master (WIM) title and received the FIDE International Women Grandmaster (WGM) title two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="56901018" url="?curid=56901018" title="Louisa Murray, 2nd Countess of Mansfield">
Louisa Murray, 2nd Countess of Mansfield

Louisa, 2nd Countess of Mansfield (born The Hon. Louisa Cathcart; 1758 – 11 July 1843), was a Scottish noblewoman, who was married twice: first to David Murray, 2nd Earl of Mansfield, and then to The Hon. Robert Fulke Greville.
Louisa was the daughter of Charles Cathcart, 9th Lord Cathcart, and his wife, the former Jane Hamilton. She was baptised on 1 July 1758 at Alloa.
On 5 May 1776, Louisa married Scottish peer David Murray, then Viscount Stormont. Thus she was known as the Viscountess Stormont. It was the viscount's second marriage, and he was thirty years older than Louisa. Their five children were:
The family seat was Scone Palace, but the viscount was the British ambassador in Paris, where Madame du Deffand commented that his new wife "is pretty, she holds herself badly, and has not a charming manner, but her expression is full of intelligence". Improvements to Scone Palace were worked on by George Paterson until 1783, when the house was considered suitable as a regular residence.
In 1776, Lord Stormont's uncle, William Murray, 1st Baron Mansfield was created Earl of Mansfield. He had no children of his own and so the title was created with a remainder to Louisa and her issue with Lord Stormont. "The Complete Peerage" notes: "The strange limitation of the Earldom in 1776 was doubtless owing to a notion then prevalent that no British peerage granted even in remainder to a Scottish peer would enable such peer to sit in Parliament. This was founded on the absurd resolution passed by the House of Lords in 1711 as to the like impotency of a British peerage granted to a peer of Scotland, which resolution was rescinded in 1782. Accordingly, in 1792, the limitation of the Earldom was made with a direct remainder to the grantee's nephew, though a peer of Scotland." Thus when her husband died in 1796, their son inherited the second creation. Louisa outlived her son and on her own death in 1843, the first creation was inherited by her grandson, William, the 4th earl.
At the time of her first husband's death, Louisa was still in her thirties. She married again, this time to her first cousin, Lieutenant-Colonel The Hon. Robert Fulke Greville (a younger son of Francis Greville, 1st Earl of Warwick), on 19 October 1797, at St Marylebone Parish Church. By her second husband she had a further three children:
The countess's portrait was painted by George Romney. She died on 11 July 1843 and was buried in her second husband's family tomb in the chapter house at St Mary's, Warwick.

</doc>
<doc id="56901022" url="?curid=56901022" title="Louisa Cathcart, Countess of Mansfield">
Louisa Cathcart, Countess of Mansfield


</doc>
<doc id="56901027" url="?curid=56901027" title="Fort William and Lake of the Woods">
Fort William and Lake of the Woods


</doc>
<doc id="56901036" url="?curid=56901036" title="Tripartite motif containing 38">
Tripartite motif containing 38

Tripartite motif containing 38 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TRIM38 gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the tripartite motif (TRIM) family. The encoded protein contains a RING-type zinc finger, B box-type zinc finger and SPRY domain. The function of this protein has not been identified. A pseudogene of this gene is located on the long arm of chromosome 4. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2012].

</doc>
<doc id="56901038" url="?curid=56901038" title="Zakurdjaeva">
Zakurdjaeva


</doc>
<doc id="56901040" url="?curid=56901040" title="De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes">
De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes


</doc>
<doc id="56901042" url="?curid=56901042" title="Shunpei Naruse">
Shunpei Naruse


</doc>
<doc id="56901043" url="?curid=56901043" title="Ming class submarine">
Ming class submarine


</doc>
<doc id="56901045" url="?curid=56901045" title="TRIM38">
TRIM38

Tripartite motif containing 38 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TRIM38 gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the tripartite motif (TRIM) family. The encoded protein contains a RING-type zinc finger, B box-type zinc finger and SPRY domain. The function of this protein has not been identified. A pseudogene of this gene is located on the long arm of chromosome 4. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2012].

</doc>
<doc id="56901048" url="?curid=56901048" title="Naruse Shumpei">
Naruse Shumpei


</doc>
<doc id="56901049" url="?curid=56901049" title="Naruse Shunpei">
Naruse Shunpei


</doc>
<doc id="56901057" url="?curid=56901057" title="Devyn Jambga">
Devyn Jambga

Devyn Jambga (born September 19, 1995) is an American-Zimbabwean retired soccer player who last played for South Georgia Tormenta in USL League One.
Career.
College.
Jambga played college soccer at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville between 2013 and 2017, including a redshirted season in 2013. Jambga tallied 15 goals and 6 assists in 73 appearances for the Cougars.
While at college, Jambga appeared for Premier Development League side Des Moines Menace.
Professional.
Jambga signed with United Soccer League side Portland Timbers 2 on March 2, 2018.
Jambga announced his retirement from professional soccer on his Instagram on February 27, 2021.
Personal.
Jambga was born in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States, but grew up in Harare in Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="56901066" url="?curid=56901066" title="Wang Zhigang">
Wang Zhigang

Wang Zhigang (; born October 1957) is a Chinese engineer and politician currently serving as Minister of Science and Technology. Previously he served as general manager of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, a state-owned military industrial complex.
He is a member of the 19th CPC Central Committee and a former member of the 18th CPC Central Committee. He is a member of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Biography.
Wang was born in Dingyuan County, Anhui in October 1957. In January 1976, during the late Down to the Countryside Movement, he was a sent-down youth in Changshan Commune of Chuzhou. In October 1978 he was accepted to Xidian University and graduated in July 1982.
After graduation, he assigned to the Ministry of Electronics Industry as an engineer. He spent 14 years working there before serving as general manager of China National Software. He joined the Communist Party of China in December 1986. In February 1999 he was promoted to become the vice-president of CAEIT, a position he held until January 2002. In January 2002 he became the deputy general manager of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation, rising to general manager in September 2003. In April 2011, he was appointed vice-minister of Science and Technology, he remained in that position until March 2018, when he was elevated to the Minister position.

</doc>
<doc id="56901073" url="?curid=56901073" title="Arctic policy of Denmark">
Arctic policy of Denmark


</doc>
<doc id="56901075" url="?curid=56901075" title="40th International Film Festival of India">
40th International Film Festival of India

The 40th International Film Festival of India was held from November 23 - December 3, 2009 in Goa. Veteran actors Waheeda Rahman and Mammootty were the Chief guests for the edition. The 75 years of Assamese Cinema was celebrated by a special section featuring five films. Assamese film personalities Jahnu Barua, Gyanada Kakoti, Bidya Rao and Manju Bora were present on the occasion. For the first time, Malegaon industry of remakes received an international platform with the screening of two of their films.
Under Golden Jubilee Retro section, the sterling contributions of film personalities who have completed 50 years in the industry was acknowledged Asha Parekh, Sharmila Tagore and Soumitra Chatterjee. The competition jury was headed by Brazilian director Joao Batista de Andrade. Other members of the jury were Kenichi Okubu (Japan), Jean-Michel Frodon (France), Sarika Takhur (India) and Vic Sarin (Canada).

</doc>
<doc id="56901107" url="?curid=56901107" title="Deux-Acren">
Deux-Acren

Deux-Acren is a village of Wallonia and a district of the municipality of Lessines, located in the province of Hainaut, Belgium.
History.
In 1270 the name in "Akeren" was used. On a map from 1540 the village was called "Okeren".
The municipality Deux-Acren was created in 1804 by merging the two villages Acren-Saint-Martin and Acren-Saint-Géréon.
The parishes merged in 1828 and the church of Saint Martin became the new church of the parish. The church of Saint Gereon was demolished in the 19th century to make way for a churchyard.
Deux-Acren remained a municipality until the fusion of the Belgian municipalities in 1977 when it was added to the town of Lessines.

</doc>
<doc id="56901122" url="?curid=56901122" title="Opel Cars">
Opel Cars


</doc>
<doc id="56901128" url="?curid=56901128" title="Arnold Burden">
Arnold Burden

Robert "Arnold" Burden MD CM (April 22, 1922 – March 17, 2018) was a Canadian physician.
Born in Springhill, Nova Scotia, Burden graduated high school from Cumberland County Academy in Amherst. He enrolled in the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps during World War II, and would be part of the No. 7 Canadian General Hospital when they landed on Juno Beach during D-Day. He was released from the Army in 1945. He was present for the liberation of the Stalag X-B camp.
Burden graduated from Dalhousie University in 1952, receiving his medical degree, and would work in the field for the next 50 years. He would serve as Chief of Staff at All Saints Hospital in Springhill.
Having worked in the mines in Springhill during his time at Dalhousie, Burden would take part in the rescue operations of both the 1956 and 1958 mining disasters. He would be the first to go down in 1956 to begin the rescue, and would spend a total of 33 hours in the mines in 1958.
Burden died on March 17, 2018 at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="56901130" url="?curid=56901130" title="Tide-way">
Tide-way

Tide-way (foaled 1933 – after 1943) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. She was rated one of the best British two-year-old fillies of 1935 when she won twice from four starts. She won the 1000 Guineas on her debut as a three-year-old but finished unplaced in the Epsom Oaks and never ran again. As a broodmare she produced the Eclipse Stakes winner Gulf Stream.
Background.
Tide-way was a brown mare bred and owned by Edward Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby. During her racing career she was trained by Colledge Leader at Lord Derby's Stanley House stable in Newmarket, Suffolk. Physically, she was described as "a charming filly, perhaps a little light on the leg, but level of back and of great quality".
Tide-way was sired by Fairway, an outstanding racehorse who won the St Leger, the Eclipse Stakes and two runnings of the Champion Stakes. At stud his other winners included Blue Peter, Watling Street, Garden Path, Pay Up and Fair Trial. Tide-way's dam Drift was a successful racehorse but an even better broodmare whose other foals included Sun Stream and Heliopolis.
Racing career.
1935: two-year-old season.
At Royal Ascot in June Tide-way showed good early speed butfinished unplaced behind Fair Ranee in the Queen Mary Stakes. In the following month at Newmarket Racecourse the filly started favourite for the Fulbourne Stakes and won "fairly and squarely" from the colt Pay Up. She went on to win the Ham Produce Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse and was unplaced on her only other start.
In the Free Handicap, a ranking of the year's best juveniles, Tide-Way was rated the third best filly behind Sansonnet (National Stakes and Crosspatch (Molecomb Stakes).
1936: three-year-old season.
In the 123rd running of the 1000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile course on 1 May Tide-way was ridden by Dick Perryman and started at odds of 100/30 against 21 opponents. Racing down the centre of the wide track, Tide-way was in front soon after half-way, fought off a challenge from the favourite Ferrybridge and pulled clear in the final strides to record a "very popular victory". She won by one and a half lengths from her stablemate Feola, with Ferrybridge a neck away in third.
Tide-way was aimed at the Epsom Oaks but was found to be "not herself" and was considered a doubtful runner in the week before the race. Leader also had problems training the filly owing to the exceptionally firm ground in the early summer of 1936. She nevertheless started favourite and appeared be going very well as the runners approached the straight but tired badly and finished eighth behind Lovely Rosa.
Tide-way did not race again and was retired at the end of the season.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Tide-way a "poor" winner of the 1000 Guineas.
Breeding record.
After her retirement from racing, Tide-way became a broodmare at Lord Derby's stud. She produced at least four foals between 1938 and 1943:

</doc>
<doc id="56901132" url="?curid=56901132" title="Bärbel Bas">
Bärbel Bas

Bärbel Bas (born 3 May 1968) is a German politician (SPD) from Duisburg. Since the federal election in 2009, she is a member of the German Bundestag. She has been serving as deputy chairwoman of the SPD parliamentary group under the leadership of chairman Rolf Mützenich since 2019.
Early life and career.
Bas was born in Walsum, Duisburg. In 1984, she obtained her secondary school diploma. From 1985 to 1987 she served an apprenticeship as an office assistant at the Duisburger Verkehrsgesellschaft (DVG), where she worked from 1987 to 2001 as a clerk, and later moved to the company's own health insurance. From 1986 to 1988 she was a representative of youth and trainees at DVG and from 1988 to 1998 member of the works council and employee representative on the supervisory board of DVG.
From 1994 to 1997, Bas completed a vocational training as a social security specialist. That was followed, in 2000–2002, by an in-service training as a health insurance business administrator and the instructor diploma 2003. From 2002 to 2006 she was a deputy board member of the health insurance fund EVS. From 2005 to 2007, she completed further training as a human resources economist (VWA) at the Administrative and Business Academy Essen. Subsequently, Bas served as Head of the Department of Personnel Services at the BKK Futur from 2007 to 2009.
Political career.
In October 1988, Bas joined the SPD. A year later she became a member of the Jusos sub-district board Duisburg, of which she was chairwoman from 1990 to 1998. Since then she has been a member of the subdistrict board of the Duisburg SPD. She served as deputy chairwoman since 2006. Since 2004, she has been a member of the Regional Council Niederrhein, since 2009 a member of the RuhrSPD and since 2010 chairwoman of the SPD state party council in North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1994 to 2002 Bärbel Bas was a member of the City Council of Duisburg.
Member of Parliament, 2009–present.
In the 2009 federal election, Bas was elected in the constituency of Duisburg I for the SPD as an MP in the 17th German Bundestag. In the 2013 federal election and in the 2017 federal election, she was able to defend her direct mandate. In the 17th Bundestag she was a full member of the Committee on Health, to which she continued to be a deputy member since in the 18th Bundestag. Since 2014, she has been a member of the parliament’s Council of Elders, which – among other duties – determines daily legislative agenda items and assigns committee chairpersons based on party representation. She is also a deputy member of the Gemeinsamer Ausschuss ("Joint Committee") of the Bundesrat and Bundestag.
Within her parliamentary group, Bas belongs to the left party wing of the SPD, the Parliamentary Left ("Parlamentarische Linke"). From December 2013 until 2017, she served as Parliamentary Director (Parlamentarischer Geschäftsführer, Chief whip) of the SPD parliamentary group. Bas has been serving as deputy chairwoman of the SPD parliamentary group under the leadership of chairman Rolf Mützenich since 2019.
In addition to her committee assignments, Bas is a member of the Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the States of Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="56901135" url="?curid=56901135" title="Cheongju Dongbang clan">
Cheongju Dongbang clan

Cheongju Dongbang clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province. According to the research in 2000, the number of Cheongju Dongbang clan was 119. Dongbang clan was born in Jinan, China. Fuxi made surname East () because he was a citizen of zhèn (), but it is not clear that how Cheongju Dongbang clan were established in Korea and their founder has been still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="56901139" url="?curid=56901139" title="Paulo FG">
Paulo FG


</doc>
<doc id="56901146" url="?curid=56901146" title="Henrietta Vansittart">
Henrietta Vansittart

Henrietta Vansittart, née Lowe (1833 - 8 February 1883) was an English engineer and inventor, awarded a patent for a screw propeller called the Lowe-Vansittart propeller. She was self-trained and she is considered to be one of the first female engineers, with her concentration being on ship propulsion.
Early life.
Henrietta Vansittart, born Henrietta Lowe, was born in Ewell, Surrey in 1833. She was one of six children born to James and Marie Lowe, née Barnes. Her father James Lowe was a blacksmith-inventory working on ship propulsion and applying for related patents using his wife's money and connections.
Vansittart's family lived in poor conditions with her father occupation being a machinist and smoke jack maker. On 23 March 1838, Vansittart's father James Lowe took out a patent for a new screw propeller but made no significant financial gain from his contributions due to competition in infringement battles. By the 1850, James Lowe nearly ran his family into bankruptcy, despite the adoption of his general scheme for submerged propellers. This led to Vansittart's marriage in 1855 to a Lieutenant named Frederick Vansittart (1827- 1902), a lieutenant in the 14th Dragoons (later the Hussars) who were just back from the Second Anglo-Sikh War, and they set up the marital home in Clarges Street, Mayfair.
Engineering work and career.
There is no documentation on her education: Vansittart was proclaimed a self-trained engineer. As was common for many of the women in engineering in the 19th and early 20th century, Vansittart was introduced to engineering through a family connection, which in her case was her father, James Lowe. 
Shortly after her marriage, Vansittart began to study her father's work on ship propulsion. She had accompanied her father on HMS Bullfinch to test out a new version of his screw propeller, which began her interest, in 1857. The Lowe propeller had been fixed to many British warships by this time, but James Lowe never saw any financial reward due to infringement battles. When Vansittart's father died in 1866, after being run over by a carriage, she began working and experimenting in earnest, perhaps looking for the recognition her father never had in his lifetime.
In 1868, Vansittart was awarded a patent (British Patent no 2877), for an improvement on her father's work - what she called the Lowe-Vansittart propeller. Her argument for the propeller was that it allowed ships to move faster and smoother, while using less fuel. Her work went on to be fitted on many ships, including HMS Druid, the Scandinavian, and the SS Lusitania. In addition, she also took out an American patent (US Patent 89712 granted in 1869), which was on the construction of screw propellers. The Lowe-Vansittart Propeller was awarded a first-class diploma at the International Exhibition in Kensington in 1871, a first class diploma and medal at the 1872 Dublin, 1875 Paris, 1876 Belgian, 1879 Sydney Exhibition, 1880 Melbourne and 1881 Adelaide Exhibitions, as well as other awards at the Royal Cornwall and Naples Maritime Exhibitions.
For her work on ship propulsion, Vansittart won many awards, was mentioned by name in various newspapers, such as The Times and her invention took her to several exhibitions all over the world.
In 1876, Vansittart was the first female to write, read, and illustrate her own diagrams and drawings for a scientific article presented at Association of Foreman Engineers and Draughtsmen. A pamphlet written by Vansittart, based on this paper, was published in 1882, entitled "The History of the Lowe Vansittart Propeller and a short extract of the life of the late Mr James Lowe, the successful inventor of screw ships from their first introduction." This pamphlet indicates her dedication to the work and legacy of her father, as well as illustrating her technical knowledge of the Lowe Vansittart propeller.
Personal life.
In 1859, Vansittart began an affair with Edward Bulwer-Lytton, a well-known novelist and politician, which lasted for 12 years. The affair was known throughout both families, as well as the House of Commons, which Bulwer-Lytton was a part of. Bulwer-Lytton gave Vansittart financial assistance over the course of this period, and, though the affair ended in 1871, when he died in 1873, Bulwer-Lytton left £12,000 in his will for Vansittart and her husband, though her husband's sum was smaller. Letters from Vansittart to Bulwer-Lytton show that it was a tumultuous, passionate affair, which played an important role in Vansittart's life for many years.
Despite its growing popularity in the second half of the twentieth century, Vansittart was not involved in the suffrage movement. She spoke publicly on this, stating that she believed a woman's place was in the home, unless she needed to vindicate the cause of a family member, such as she felt she had to do for the legacy of her father.
Death and legacy.
In late 1882, Vansittart visited the Tynemouth Exhibition, and she was found wandering the streets by police, confused. She exhibited signs of mania and violent tendencies. She was ordered by magistrates to St Nicholas's Hospital, Gosforth, where she was admitted on the 19 September 1882. After five months at the asylum, she died of acute mania and anthrax on 8 February 1883.
In the obituary for Vansittart in the Journal of the London Association of Foreman Engineers and Draughtsmen it stated that 'she was a remarkable personage with a great knowledge of engineering matters and considerable versatility of talent', as well as 'how cheery and thoughtful for the happiness of others she was …'
The obituary also claims that she was the first woman to write and read a scientific paper, illustrated with diagrams and drawings of her own, before a scientific institution. With the work that she accomplished, ships could now move faster and use less fuel, while being manoeuvred better in reverse. She did this at a time in history when there were no female engineers, with no formal scientific or engineering training. Her work is considered by some to be "one of the most important nautical inventions of the 19th century." However, she never paid the fee to renew the patent. A scale model of the Lowe-Vansittart propeller is held in the Science Museum Group's collections, which she herself donated to the museum in 1874.
She never had any children, and her husband died in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="56901147" url="?curid=56901147" title="Robert Z. Haas">
Robert Z. Haas


</doc>
<doc id="56901152" url="?curid=56901152" title="Wallachian uprising (1821)">
Wallachian uprising (1821)


</doc>
<doc id="56901154" url="?curid=56901154" title="Laurence Cleary">
Laurence Cleary


</doc>
<doc id="56901163" url="?curid=56901163" title="Korida">
Korida


</doc>
<doc id="56901164" url="?curid=56901164" title="Rebuke and reproof">
Rebuke and reproof


</doc>
<doc id="56901166" url="?curid=56901166" title="The Times Leader (Kentucky)">
The Times Leader (Kentucky)


</doc>
<doc id="56901168" url="?curid=56901168" title="Charles Goore">
Charles Goore

Charles Goore (11 December 1701 – 13 March 1783) was an English merchant, slave trader and politician, who twice held the office of Mayor of Liverpool.
Early life.
Charles Goore was born on 11 December 1701, to Richard Goore of Goore House near Ormskirk, Lancashire. His mother was Alice Mather, the daughter of Thomas Mather of New Hall, Shropshire and Martha Bunbury.
 His wife, Margery Halsall was the great great great niece of Humphrey Chetham, through his brother Ralph Chetham. Charles and Margery resided in a house situated in the churchyard of Church of Our Lady and Saint Nicholas, Liverpool.
Mercantile activity.
Goore was part of a consortium of Liverpool merchants who in 1744 invested in "Old Noll" which they put to work as a privateer.during the War of the Austrian Succession.
Political career.
Goore was a member of the Liverpool Corporation and was known throughout the city for being a successful shipping merchant. He was a founding member of the African Company of Merchants when it was established in 1752 to oversee the slave trade. He was a liberal subscriber to the Bluecoat school and also to the Liverpool Infirmary, of which he became a deputy treasurer upon its completion in 1748. He also donated towards the construction of the now demolished St. Thomas's Church and was appointed one of the commissioners and trustees. In 1747 he was a bailiff before being voted into the position of Mayor of Liverpool, first in 1754 and again in 1768.
Prior to taking his second term as mayor, he issued a statement due to his increasing years in which he announced his support for William Pownall.
The circular is dated 16 October 1767:
The following day, he officially announced his backing for William Pownall:
This appeal was successful and William Pownall was voted into office, however, he died five months later, and on 12 March 1768, Goore was voted to fill in the position for the remaining months.
The following year, Goore was voted as Deputy Mayor during Matthew Strong's term.
Goore died on 13 March 1783, at his home in Liverpool.
Family.
Goore had four children, Charles Mather Goore, who died from Smallpox aged 16 months, Richard Goore, Henry Goore and Elizabeth Goore. His daughter Elizabeth was the only offspring to marry. She married her father's apprentice and future Mayor, Thomas Staniforth.

</doc>
<doc id="56901180" url="?curid=56901180" title="Open access in the Netherlands">
Open access in the Netherlands

Scholarly communication of the Netherlands published in open access form can be found by searching the National Academic Research and Collaborations Information System (NARCIS). The web portal was developed in 2004 by the of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research and Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Brill Publishers, National Library of the Netherlands, OAPEN Foundation, Stichting Fair Open Access Alliance, Utrecht University Library, and VU University Amsterdam Library belong to the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
Policy.
The Dutch government has voiced the ambition that by 2019 60% of all publications from Dutch research universities should be published as open access, and by 2024 this should be 100%. The is negotiating big deals with publishers, where open access publication for Dutch corresponding authors is free of additional charge. In 2020, the Dutch research organised signed a four year transformative agreement with publishers Elsevier.
Repositories.
There are some 36 collections of scholarship in the Netherlands housed in digital open access repositories.

</doc>
<doc id="56901181" url="?curid=56901181" title="Jill Twiss">
Jill Twiss

Jill Twiss is an American writer best known for her work on the HBO show "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver." She is a senior writer on the show and she portrays its "Janice from Accounting" character. She authored a children's book called "A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo" about a fictional day in the life of Marlon Bundo (Vice President Mike Pence's pet rabbit), as part of a "Last Week Tonight" sketch, which went on to be a best seller.
Early life.
She was born in Redmond, Oregon and grew up in six different U.S. states due to her father's reassignments as part of the U.S. Forest Service. While Twiss was studying public policy and music in the College of William &amp; Mary, her parents moved to Custer, South Dakota, and there she got interested in theater. After graduating in 1998, Twiss performed at the Black Hills Playhouse during the 1999 and 2000 seasons. After graduating, Twiss got accepted into a law school in New York City, but instead joined a touring children's theater troupe, and only moved to New York in 2001 with hopes of furthering her acting career.
Career.
While doing acting and stand-up comedy gigs in New York, Twiss sought writing jobs. As she learned about HBO preparing "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" and recruiting writers through blind auditions, Twiss sent them sample segments, which in turn led to a demand for a second batch, and after an interview with John Oliver himself she was hired.
As a member of the writing staff for "Last Week Tonight," Twiss has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series multiple times.
"A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo".
In March 2018, as a writer on "Last Week Tonight," Twiss authored a children's book called "A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo" about a fictional day in the life of Marlon Bundo, the real-life pet rabbit of the Vice President of the United States, Mike Pence. The story details the same-sex romance between Marlon Bundo and another rabbit named Wesley. It was written in response to Pence's staunch opposition to same-sex marriage and support of conversion therapy advocate James Dobson.
Twiss conceptualized the book as a loose parody of "", written by Charlotte Pence and illustrated by Karen Pence (Mike Pence's daughter and wife, respectively). Their book also tells about a fictionalized day of the Pence family's pet rabbit, but without the LGBT themes. Rather than a straight-up parody of the Pences' book, "A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo" is an actual children's story about marriage equality and democracy. It nevertheless contains some stabs at Mike Pence.
On the day of release, John Oliver promoted the book on "Last Week Tonight" at the conclusion of an episode mainly dedicated to Pence and his positions on LGBT issues; it became a bestseller and the #1 book and e-book on Amazon the following day, receiving notable praise and selling much better than the crew of "Last Week Tonight" had expected. All profits from the book are being donated to The Trevor Project and AIDS United.
"The Someone New".
Twiss authored "The Someone New", which was subsequently published in June 2018. The story revolves around Jitterbug, a chipmunk fearful of change. When a snail named Pudding moves into the woods, Jitterbug learns to overcome her fear with the help of her animal-friends.
As part of the books premise of practicing kindness for strangers, Twiss partnered with the charity KIND (Kids in Need of Defense) on her book, and both she and her publisher, HarperCollins made donations to the charity.
Twiss and the book’s illustrator EG Keller have a forthcoming second book through the publisher HarperCollins called "Everyone Gets a Say." It will be released in June 2020 and will be about voting.

</doc>
<doc id="56901182" url="?curid=56901182" title="Minister of Local Government and Ownership Steering (Finland)">
Minister of Local Government and Ownership Steering (Finland)

The Minister of Local Government and Ownership Steering (, , formerly Minister of Local Government and Public Reforms) is one of the Finnish Government's 19 ministerial portfolios. Administratively, the portfolio is located within the Ministry of Finance. The ministerial position is responsible for Finland's municipal and regional government operations, the public sector's ICT, the financial control of government assets, and the Ministry of Finance's statistical functions.
The incumbent Minister of Local Government and Ownership Steering for the Rinne Cabinet is Sirpa Paatero of the Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="56901194" url="?curid=56901194" title="Spin OS">
Spin OS


</doc>
<doc id="56901196" url="?curid=56901196" title="Edmund Fisher (publisher)">
Edmund Fisher (publisher)

Edmund Boyd Fisher (23 February 1939 – 1 March 1995) was a British publisher.
Early life.
Edmund Boyd Fisher was born on 23 February 1939, the son of the naturalist James Fisher, and the literary critic and academic Margery Fisher (née Turner). He was educated at Eton, where he was a scholar, and Magdalen College, Oxford.
Career.
Fisher started with the British Printing Corporation, followed by training at Doubleday in New York, after which he worked for W. H. Allen &amp; Co., and then George Rainbird. After Rainbird retired and sold his publishing house to Roy Thomson, Fisher took over as its head, until Thomson appointed him as managing director of 
Michael Joseph, which Thomson had also acquired.
He was "famous for his long, liquid lunches and dinners".
Personal life.
He married Elizabeth Berlin, the daughter of Irving Berlin, whom he met when he was working for Doubleday in New York. They had two daughters, and eventually divorced. He later married Anne-Louise Harder, and they had two sons. Fisher died in London from cancer on 1 March 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="56901204" url="?curid=56901204" title="Håndarbejdets Fremme">
Håndarbejdets Fremme


</doc>
<doc id="56901207" url="?curid=56901207" title="Senna obliqua">
Senna obliqua

Senna obliqua is a species of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae, and the subfamily Caesalpinioideae. It is found in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="56901209" url="?curid=56901209" title="Ursula Curtiss">
Ursula Curtiss

Ursula Reilly Curtiss (April 8, 1923 — October 10, 1984) was an American writer of mystery novels.
Early life.
Ursula Kieran Reilly was born in Yonkers, New York, and raised in Westport, Connecticut, the daughter of Paul Reilly and Helen Kieran Reilly. Her mother was a mystery writer; so was her sister, Mary McMullen. Ursula Reilly's grandfather was James Michael Kieran, one-time president of Hunter College. Her uncle was journalist John Kieran. Ursula Reilly graduated from a Catholic girls' high school, Lauralton Hall in Milford, Connecticut.
Career.
Books by Ursula Curtiss include "Voice Out of Darkness" (1948), "The Second Sickle" (1951), "The Iron Cobweb" (1953), "The Noonday Devil" (1953), "The Deadly Climate" (1954), "Widow's Web" (1956), "The Face of the Tiger" (1958), "So Dies the Dreamer" (1960), , "The Stairway" (1961), "The Forbidden Garden" (1962) "Hours to Kill" (1962), "The Wasp" (1963), "Child's Play" (1964), "Danger: Hospital Zone" (1967), "Don't Open the Door!" (1969), "Letter of Intent" (1971), "Dig a Little Deeper" (1976), "In Cold Pursuit" (1977), "The Menace Within" (1978), "Poisoned Orchard" (1980), "Graveyard Shift" (1982), and "Death of a Crow" (1983). She also wrote short fiction, and several of her novels appeared in serial format in magazines such as "Good Housekeeping" and "The Australian Women's Weekly".
Two films were made based on Curtiss's stories, "I Saw What You Did" (1965) and "What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?" (1969). She was also credited for stories on several television episodes in the 1950s and 1960s.
Curtiss won the Red Badge Mystery Prize in 1948, for best new mystery,
and in 1963 she won the Zia Award as an outstanding New Mexico novelist. In 1956, "The Spectator" called her "Widow's Web" a "little masterpiece of suspense and ambiguity...quietly, pursuasively done, combining realism with ingenuity to a degree as rare on the author's side of the Atlantic as on ours."
Personal life.
Ursula Reilly married John Curtiss Jr. in 1947; her husband survived the Bataan Death March. She wrote while raising their five children in Massachusetts, and after 1960 in New Mexico. Ursula Curtiss died from cancer in Albuquerque, New Mexico, in 1984, aged 61 years.

</doc>
<doc id="56901215" url="?curid=56901215" title="Happy Sugar Life">
Happy Sugar Life

 is a Japanese psychological thriller manga series written and illustrated by Tomiyaki Kagisora (鍵空とみやき). It was serialized in Square Enix's "shōnen" manga magazine "Gangan Joker" from May 2015 to June 2019. The series is licensed by Yen Press. An anime television series adaptation by Ezo'la aired during the Animeism programming block between July and September 2018.
Plot.
The series is centered on high school girl Satō Matsuzaka who befriends a mysterious little girl named Shio, and immediately becomes highly attached to her. After finding Shio who was abandoned by her mother, they both agree to live together in Satō's apartment. She vows to protect that feeling of love, even if it means committing crimes or even killing people.
Media.
Manga.
Tomiyaki Kagisora launched the manga in Square Enix's "shōnen" manga magazine "Gangan Joker" on May 22, 2015. Eight "tankōbon" volumes of the manga were released between October 22, 2015 and June 22, 2018. The series ended in the June 22, 2019 issue of "Gangan Joker", with the ninth and tenth volumes of the manga releasing on July 22, 2019. On July 8, 2018, during their panel at Anime Expo, Yen Press announced that they had licensed the manga.
Anime.
The anime television series adaptation was directed by Keizō Kusakawa and Nobuyoshi Nagayama and written by Touko Machida, with animation by studio Ezo'la. Shōko Yasuda provided the character designs.
Youko Matsubara was the color key artist for the series and Kiyotaka Yachi directed the background art. Yasuyuki Itou served as director of photography, while Yayoi Tateishi was the sound director. The series was edited by Yuuji Oka. Koichiro Kameyama composed the series' music. The opening theme song, was performed by Akari Nanawo, while the ending theme song, "Sweet Hurt", was performed by Reona.
The 12-episode series aired in Japan from July 14 to September 29, 2018, broadcasting during the Animeism programming block on MBS, TBS, BS-TBS, and AT-X. The series was simulcasted exclusively on Amazon Video worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="56901217" url="?curid=56901217" title="OpenCAPI">
OpenCAPI


</doc>
<doc id="56901218" url="?curid=56901218" title="Brest Olimpija">
Brest Olimpija


</doc>
<doc id="56901220" url="?curid=56901220" title="List of open access repositories in the Netherlands">
List of open access repositories in the Netherlands


</doc>
<doc id="56901223" url="?curid=56901223" title="List of Dutch open access repositories">
List of Dutch open access repositories


</doc>
<doc id="56901229" url="?curid=56901229" title="Gemini (PDA)">
Gemini (PDA)

The Gemini PDA is a personal digital assistant designed by Planet Computers in association with Martin Riddiford, who previously worked on the Psion Series 5 in the 1990s, and crowdfunded via Indiegogo in 2017. The Gemini bucks the trend of modern smartphones in its screen being primarily used in landscape aspect, and having a keyboard, i.e. taking on the form of a subnotebook.
Planet supports running two operating systems on the device, and it dual-boots between Android and Linux. Other possibilities include Sailfish OS.
Prior to January 2018, pre-production devices were made available to reviewers, and mass production was in full swing in December 2017 with devices starting to ship in late January 2018 to Indiegogo backers.
Hardware.
Some early devices were made with the X25 SoC as specified in the Indiegogo campaign, with the factory switching to X27 as stocks of the older X25 were depleted. They also have the eSIM feature disabled.
Two variants are sold, one with just WiFi, one with the mobile phone radios.
Optional accessories.
The original Indiegogo campaign allowed backers to pay extra for various accessories/features:

</doc>
<doc id="56901230" url="?curid=56901230" title="Nissan D22">
Nissan D22


</doc>
<doc id="56901240" url="?curid=56901240" title="2001 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament">
2001 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament

The 2001 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 18–20, 2001. The top four regular season finishers of the league's teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Dutchess Stadium in Wappingers Falls, New York. won their second consecutive (and second overall) tournament championship and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2001 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Seeding.
The top four teams were seeded one through four based on their conference winning percentage. They then played a double-elimination tournament.
All-Tournament Team.
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Valuable Player.
Anthony Bocchino was named Tournament Most Valuable Player. Bocchino was an outfielder for Marist, who finished 3-5 in the final, with two runs and five RBI, including a grand slam in the second inning.

</doc>
<doc id="56901243" url="?curid=56901243" title="Tatyana Sumarkova">
Tatyana Sumarkova


</doc>
<doc id="56901246" url="?curid=56901246" title="Iwaidja people">
Iwaidja people

The Iwaidja are an indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory.
Name.
Norman Tindale states that the name is based on their word for 'no' ("ii").
Language.
Iwaidja is one of the Iwaidjan languages of the Cobourg Peninsula, all of which are non-Pama–Nyungan languages. It is still spoken by some 150 speakers, at Minjilang on Croker Island.
Country.
In Tindale's estimation the Iwaidja possessed some of tribal lands. Their centre was at Mountnorris Bay, in the eastern area of the Cobourg Peninsula. Tindale interprets Paul Foelsche's "Unalla" as a reference to the Iwaidja. Foelsche informed Edward Micklethwaite Curr that:
'The country frequented by this tribe extends from Raffles Bay to Port Essington Harbour and thence midway up the Cobourg Peninsula to Popham Bay.
Their neighbours were the Ajokoot, Wurango, "Angara-Pingan," and "Yiarik"
Social organization.
Four other groups were reported to share the same territory, though for Tindale their status as either hordes or independent tribes was undetermined. They were listed as:
History of contact.
If we take the Unalla as interchangeable with the Iwaidja, they were a once numerous tribe which, with the onset of colonial settlement, was reduced to a mere 30 members by 1881, consisting of 7 men, 12 women, 9 boys and 2 girls. Foelsche stated that the community was ravaged after Malay traders introduced smallpox ("mea-mea") during a visit in 1866.
Some words.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="56901247" url="?curid=56901247" title="Michael Fleischer (mineralogist)">
Michael Fleischer (mineralogist)

Michael Fleischer ( 27 February 1908 – 5 September 1998) was an American chemist and mineralogist. He worked as a geochemist with the U.S. Geological Survey from 1939 to 1978.
He published a huge number of chemical abstracts and reviews of proposed mineral names, and is known for his authoritative "Glossary of Mineral Species", first published in 1971.
Early years (1908–39).
Michael Fleischer was born on 27 February 1908 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the son of Hungarian Jewish immigrants.
He studied chemistry and mineralogy at Yale University from 1927 to 1933.
He obtained a Bachelor of Science degree magna cum laude in 1930 and a doctorate in physics in 1933.
He graduated during the Great Depression.
His first job was a chemist in a toothpaste factory.
He married Helen Isenberg and they had two sons, Walter and David.
From 1933 to 1934 Fleischer was a research associate at Yale's Department of Chemistry.
From 1934 to 1936 he was an assistant to Professor William Ebenezer Ford (1878–1939) and helped prepare a revision of James Dwight Dana's "System of Mineralogy".
In 1934 he began to contribute abstracts to "Chemical Abstracts", and would eventually contribute about 37,000 abstracts.
The last was published in 1994.
For many years he edited the section on "Mineralogical and Geological Chemistry" in "Chemical Abstracts".
He moved to Washington in 1936, and from then until 1939 was a physical chemist at the Geophysical Laboratory of the Carnegie Institution for Science.
U.S. Geological Survey (1939–78).
Fleischer worked as a geochemist with the United States Geological Survey from 1939 to 1978.
He could read French, German and Russian, and translated about 900 Russian articles into English for the U.S. Geological Survey.
Fleischer worked on the mineralogy of manganese oxides, and was coauthor of ten papers on this subject between 1942 and 1969.
This work contributed greatly to the difficult problem of recognition of the manganese oxide minerals.
For example, Fleischer and W. E. Richmond fully described the mineral ramsdellite in 1943, which they named after the mineralogist Lewis S. Ramsdell (1895–1975).
In a 1944 paper Fleischer showed the importance of the manganese oxide mineral nsutite as a component of dry cell batteries.
Between 1944 and 1947 Fleischer led a group of researchers into raw materials for the Manhattan Project, including uranium, thorium and secondary products of atomic fission.
His team prepared restricted reports on the geochemistry of gallium, gadolinium, beryllium, germanium, indium, niobium and tantalum.
Fleischer was the coauthor with Judith W. Frondel of a glossary of minerals bearing uranium and thorium, published in four editions in 1950, 1952, 1955 and 1967.
Between 1962 and 1989 he published 14 papers on the geochemistry of the lanthanide series of chemical elements.
His interest in trace elements led him to study their effect on the human body.
In the Fall 1970 issue of "The Mineralogical Record" Fleischer proposed in "Some possible new minerals not yet found" that BaF2 might exist in nature, but probably not in association with the highly soluble sulfate, phosphate or carbonate phases of barium. 
The associations of the mineral frankdicksonite are consistent with this observation.
Mineral nomenclature.
Fleischer is best known for his work on mineral nomenclature.
He took charge of the "New Mineral Names" column of the "American Mineralogist" in February 1941 using the initials M.F.
He succeeded William F. Foshag (1894–1956) in writing this column, which he continued for over 40 years, first alone and then after 1974 with associates.
He was the first to address the problem of acceptance criteria for new minerals.
Fleischer changed the format of the abstracts from brief reports to critical essays that pointed out unnecessary names, synonyms and names based on inadequate data.
For example, in 1956 Fleischer noted that bursaite's X-ray data shows many coincidences between those of the minerals kobellite and cosalite.
He added subsections on "New Data" and "Discredited Minerals".
Out of 583 new species proposed between 1941 and 1960, M.F. only accepted 311. 
In the same period 224 species names were discredited.
In 1959 Robert Lüling Parker, the first president of the International Mineralogical Association (IMA), appointed Fleischer chairman of the IMA Commission on New Minerals and Mineral Names, a position he held until 1974.
This led naturally to his "Glossary of Mineral Species", first published in 1971.
The book is an important reference work that lists mineral species, their formulas and their crystal systems.
He published revised editions in 1975, 1980 and 1983, and then with Joseph A. Mandarino as coauthor in 1991 and 1995.
In 1975 Fleischer received the Roebling Medal, the highest honor of the Mineralogical Society of America.
In 1976 he received the Bet Medal of the Austrian Mineralogical Society.
In 1978 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Department of the Interior.
Last years (1978–98).
From 1978 to 1995 Fleischer was a research associate at the Smithsonian Institution's Department of Mineral Sciences.
Fleischer served as president of the Geological Society of Washington and vice president of the Geological Society of America.
In 1992 he became an honorary member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences.
He was a professorial lecturer at George Washington University from 1957 to 1965.
Fleischer developed Alzheimer's disease and spent his last two years at the Hebrew Home of Greater Washington, where he died on 5 September 1998 at the age of 90.
The mineral fleischerite is named in his honour. 
Associations.
Fleischer belonged to a variety of professional organizations, including:
Publications.
Selected publications:

</doc>
<doc id="56901253" url="?curid=56901253" title="Eurypterus acuminatus">
Eurypterus acuminatus


</doc>
<doc id="56901256" url="?curid=56901256" title="Hassle in the Castle">
Hassle in the Castle


</doc>
<doc id="56901264" url="?curid=56901264" title="Bye Aerospace">
Bye Aerospace

Bye Aerospace is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Englewood, Colorado. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of electric aircraft, including unmanned aircraft for geospatial role and light aircraft for the flight training role.
The company was founded by George E. Bye, who remains the CEO.
History.
In July 2010, Bye Energy developed a proof-of-concept electrically powered Cessna 172 with support from Cessna Aircraft. Bye Energy changed its name to "Beyond Aviation" at the time that the prototype commenced taxi tests in July 2011. The aircraft first flew in 2012. The R&amp;D project was not pursued for production and the company is currently dormant.
The company developed the Bye Aerospace Sun Flyer, a modified PC-Aero Elektra One, as a prototype electric aircraft in 2015.
The development of the Sun Flyer 2 was originally carried out by a Bye Aerospace subsidiary, called the "Aero Electric Aircraft Corporation". As of March 2018, it was being merged into the parent company.
By July 2015, the company was developing the Sun Flyer 2, a two-seat electric-powered aircraft for the flight training role. By March 2016, Aero Electric Aircraft Corp. has delivered the prototype for final stages of development. It was rolled-out in May 2016. By July 2016, first flight was planned in the fall. By November 2016, ground and taxi tests had begun. It was first flown on 10 April 2018. The derivative Sun Flyer 4 is a four-seat design, yet to be completed. Both aircraft are low-wing designs, with bubble canopies, made from composite materials, predominately carbon fibre. Both are powered by lithium-ion batteries.
The launch customer for both the Sun Flyer 2 and 4 is the Spartan College of Aeronautics and Technology which will employ both for flight training. By September 2018, the company had 130 deposits for the two-seat Sun Flyer 2 and 27 deposits for the larger, four-seat Sun Flyer 4.
On July 31, 2018, Bye Aerospace flew a piloted prototype of its solar-powered unmanned StratoAirNet and manned Solesa from the Northern Colorado Regional Airport.
Based on a carbon fiber composite competition sailplane, it has a wing span and thin-film photovoltaic cells from SolAero Technologies.
The low-cost, long-endurance commercial and government surveillance aircraft could be used for patrol, mapping, precision agriculture or search-and-rescue and has low infrared and acoustic signatures.
Also under development, in conjunction with the XTI Aircraft Company, is the TriFan 600, a hybrid-electric VTOL business aircraft. Previously, the company developed the Silent Falcon UAV for Silent Falcon UAS Technologies.
In August 2019, the company announced that it was partnering with OXIS Energy to develop a Lithium–sulfur battery for use in the four-seat Sun Flyer 4.
On August 21, 2019, Bye announced the sale of 26 aircraft to Los Angeles-based air taxi operator Quantum Air.
After the project was revealed as under development in June 2020, Bye Aerospace officially announced the eFlyer 800 in April 2021, to be powered by Safran electric motors. This is planned to be an all-electric six- to nine-seat aircraft to compete with traditional fossil-fuel powered executive aircraft for the air taxi, air freight, regional airliner and aircraft charter roles. The eFlyer 800 aims to have operating costs of 20% of the Beechcraft King Air with a cruise speed of up to , a operating ceiling and a range of with 45-minute IFR reserves.
It was announced in May 2021 that Oxis Energy had been placed into administration with the majority of its employees made redundant.
At AirVenture in July 2021 George Bye of Bye Aerospace stated that the eFlyer 2 will be certified in late 2022 or early 2023, the eFlyer 4 certified in late 2023 or early 2024 and the eFlyer 800 certified in late 2025 or early 2026.
Aircraft.
Summary of aircraft built by Bye Aerospace:

</doc>
<doc id="56901274" url="?curid=56901274" title="Decoy for a Dognapper">
Decoy for a Dognapper


</doc>
<doc id="56901277" url="?curid=56901277" title="John Larkin Jr.">
John Larkin Jr.

John Larkin Jr. (October 3, 1804 - July 22, 1896) was an American businessman, banker and politician from Pennsylvania who served as the first mayor of Chester, Pennsylvania.
Early life.
Larkin was born in Concord Township to John and Martha Larkin. As a young adult he worked on the family farm in the summer and taught school in the winter.
Career.
In 1826, Larkin began his business career by establishing a country store in Upper Chichester Township.
In 1832, Larkin purchased a freight vessel and established a shipping line on the Delaware River between Marcus Hook and Philadelphia until 1839 when he sold the vessel, wharf and business interest.
In 1840, Larkin was elected Sheriff of Delaware County.
From 1844 to 1846, Larkin represented Delaware County in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
In 1848, Larkin built two vessels and established a daily shipping line delivering goods between Chester and Philadelphia.
In 1849, Larkin formed a partnership with William Booth which they named Larkin &amp; Booth. The partners established the daily shipment of coal and lumber between Chester and Philadelphia. The firm was prosperous but was dissolved in 1852.
In 1850, Larkin entered the real estate business and over the following twenty years was instrumental in developing multiple sections of Chester and nearby Marcus Hook for housing and business. He purchased an eighty-three acre lot from John Cochran just north of the old borough of Chester and laid out streets and building lots. Larkin built over 500 buildings including mills, stores and dwellings in this section of Chester which became known as "Larkintown".
In 1857, Larkin was elected Chief Burgess of Chester and became the president of the Chester Gas Company.
In 1866, Larkin was elected the first mayor of Chester. He was re-elected in 1869. He refused to accept any salary for his service as mayor.
Larkin was one of the founders and president of the Chester Mutual Insurance Company.
In 1871, Larkin became the president of the First National Bank in Chester.
Philanthropy.
In 1879, Larkin donated two acres of land adjacent to the St. Martin's Church in Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania for use as a cemetery.
Larkin was one of the originators of the Chester Rural Cemetery in Chester, Pennsylvania and served as president of the organization for many years.
Personal life.
In 1827, Larkin married Charlotte Morton. Together they had eight children including a daughter Caroline who married U.S. Representative John Martin Broomall. Charlotte died in 1847 and Larkin was married again to Mary Baggs. Together they had two children. Larkin is interred at Chester Rural Cemetery.
Legacy.
The Larkin School in Chester, erected in 1894 was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="56901278" url="?curid=56901278" title="What the Hex Going On">
What the Hex Going On


</doc>
<doc id="56901281" url="?curid=56901281" title="Never Ape an Ape Man">
Never Ape an Ape Man


</doc>
<doc id="56901283" url="?curid=56901283" title="MIFID">
MIFID


</doc>
<doc id="56901286" url="?curid=56901286" title="Foul Play in Funland">
Foul Play in Funland


</doc>
<doc id="56901291" url="?curid=56901291" title="The Backstage Rage">
The Backstage Rage


</doc>
<doc id="56901298" url="?curid=56901298" title="Chamaefistula elegans">
Chamaefistula elegans


</doc>
<doc id="56901300" url="?curid=56901300" title="Right recursion">
Right recursion


</doc>
<doc id="56901301" url="?curid=56901301" title="Aggressor (Ektomorf album)">
Aggressor (Ektomorf album)

Aggressor is the thirteenth studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Ektomorf, released on 30 October 2015.
Track listing.
All Music and Lyrics by Zoltán Farkas:
Personnel.
George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher – guest vocals on "Evil by Nature"

</doc>
<doc id="56901303" url="?curid=56901303" title="Bedlam in the Big Top">
Bedlam in the Big Top


</doc>
<doc id="56901304" url="?curid=56901304" title="Overseas personal shopper">
Overseas personal shopper


</doc>
<doc id="56901308" url="?curid=56901308" title="A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts">
A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts


</doc>
<doc id="56901309" url="?curid=56901309" title="Elisabeth Speiser">
Elisabeth Speiser

Elisabeth Speiser (born 1 October 1940) is a Swiss operatic soprano, who is known especially for singing "Lieder". She has appeared internationally.
Biography.
Born in Zürich, Speiser appeared in concert from 1960. She was a regular soloist with the choir Der Gemischte Chor Zürich. Performances included Bach's cantata "Gott der Herr ist Sonn und Schild", BWV 79, and Beethoven's Mass in C major in 1967, Mozart's Requiem and "Vesperae solennes" in 1968, "Ein deutsches Requiem" by Brahms in 1969, Arthur Honegger's "Totentanz" in 1970, Haydn's "Nelson Mass" the same year, Hermann Suter's "Le Laudi" in 1972, alongside Marga Höffgen, Kurt Huber and Kurt Widmer, Frank Martin's "Golgotha" in 1972 and 1975, Cherubini's Missa solemnis in 1977.
Speiser appeared in 1969 as Sandrina in the first recording of Haydn's opera "L'infedeltà delusa", conducted by Antonio de Almeida. She was Euridice in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice" at the Glyndebourne Festival, alongside Janet Baker as Orfeo and Elisabeth Gale as Amore, which was recorded in 1982. She also sang Pamina in Glyndebourne's production of Die Zauberflöte alongside Edita Gruberova as Queen of the night in 1973. She is known for the title role of Melisande in Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande.
Speiser was also a "Lieder" singer. She recorded in 1975 songs by Schumann, Schubert, Brahms, Hugo Wolf's "Lieder der Mignon", Anton Webern's "Vier Lieder", Op. 12, and Debussy's "Ariettes oubliées", with pianists Irwin Gage and John Buttrick. A reviewer described her voice as bright, and noted her diction and her phrasing following the text. He noted her affinity to Wolf's chromaticism, Webern's fine lines, and to the sounds of Debussy.
With her husband, Hans Jecklin, she founded the E.+H.-Kulturstiftung Zürich, a foundation for culture.

</doc>
<doc id="56901318" url="?curid=56901318" title="Pacific Place (disambiguation)">
Pacific Place (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56901321" url="?curid=56901321" title="Thomas Stuart Traill Smellie">
Thomas Stuart Traill Smellie


</doc>
<doc id="56901324" url="?curid=56901324" title="Jackson Avenue–Gretna ferry">
Jackson Avenue–Gretna ferry


</doc>
<doc id="56901331" url="?curid=56901331" title="Conus admirationis">
Conus admirationis

Conus admirationis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description.
The length of the shell attains 60 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Philippines and occurs off the Sulu Island

</doc>
<doc id="56901333" url="?curid=56901333" title="Professional shopper">
Professional shopper


</doc>
<doc id="56901394" url="?curid=56901394" title="Scooby-Doo and a Mummy, Too">
Scooby-Doo and a Mummy, Too


</doc>
<doc id="56901398" url="?curid=56901398" title="Mingawara">
Mingawara


</doc>
<doc id="56901410" url="?curid=56901410" title="Upendra National Academy, Barpeta Road">
Upendra National Academy, Barpeta Road


</doc>
<doc id="56901413" url="?curid=56901413" title="Claude Bez">
Claude Bez

Claude Bez (November 4, 1940 – January 26, 1999), former Bordeaux soccer team chairman, was an iconic personality in French football culture of the 1980s.
Biography.
Claude Bez was born in Saint-Augustin, Bordeaux. His mother died when he was young. His father, Gaston, ran a small accounting firm that was growing quickly with branches in French overseas departments.
In his youth he played football for Coqs Rouges. On April 4, 1959, he won the U20 Gironde Cup against Girondins de Bordeaux. He played full-back, was thin and sported a mustache. He left Coqs Rouges for Villenave-d'Ornon, a neighborhood team, and soon devoted himself to a career in accounting.
He chaired Bordeaux for 12 years, leading the club to three French championship titles (1984, 1985 and 1987), two French Cups against Marseille in 1986 (2-1 after extra time) and in 1987 (2-0), and an uninterrupted run of participation in the European Cup from 1982 to 1989. He failed to achieve his dream of seeing Bordeaux become the first French club to win a European Cup; the team narrowly failed in the semi-finals in 1985 and 1987.
In 1988, he became superintendent of the French national team, a position created especially for him, and hired Michel Platini as coach to rebuild French football.
The end of his presidency was marked by his rivalry with Bernard Tapie. He is also known as the father of the French soccer broadcasting rights.
He resigned in 1990-91 after being charged with fraud and died of a heart attack in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="56901418" url="?curid=56901418" title="Bye Energy">
Bye Energy


</doc>
<doc id="56901423" url="?curid=56901423" title="Beyond Aviation">
Beyond Aviation


</doc>
<doc id="56901458" url="?curid=56901458" title="Mingaura">
Mingaura


</doc>
<doc id="56901478" url="?curid=56901478" title="European championship">
European championship


</doc>
<doc id="56901514" url="?curid=56901514" title="Batman The Caped Crusader">
Batman The Caped Crusader


</doc>
<doc id="56901515" url="?curid=56901515" title="Cryonic technician">
Cryonic technician


</doc>
<doc id="56901524" url="?curid=56901524" title="5th Nunavut Legislature">
5th Nunavut Legislature

The 5th Legislative Assembly of Nunavut began after the 2017 general election on October 30, 2017. The election returned 22 non-partisan members. In March 2019 the riding of Tununiq was vacated by the death of Joe Enook.
Change of premier.
After the election, the Legislative Assembly met on November 17, 2017 to select Paul Quassa as the Premier of Nunavut. Incumbent premier Peter Taptuna did not seek re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="56901541" url="?curid=56901541" title="George Rainbird">
George Rainbird

George Meadus Rainbird (22 May 1905 – 20 August 1986) was a British publisher, and the founder of the eponymous publishing house, George Rainbird Ltd.
Early life.
He was born on 22 May 1905, the son of Leonard Rainbird and Sarah Rainbird nee Meadus.
Career.
Rainbird had been an advertising executive, before starting a career in publishing in 1951.
In 1951, he founded George Rainbird Ltd. It acquired Zaehnsdorf Ltd and Wigmore Bindery Ltd in 1954 to 1956. It merged with the Thomson Organization in 1965.
Edmund Fisher left W. H. Allen &amp; Co. and joined Rainbird. After he retired and sold his publishing house to Roy Thomson, Fisher took over as its head, until Thomson appointed him as managing director of Michael Joseph, which Thomson had also acquired.
Rainbird was a director of Thomson Publications Ltd from 1966 to 1977, and its deputy chairman from 1973 to 1977. He was the chairman of Thomas Nelson &amp; Sons Ltd, George Rainbird Ltd, Rainbird Reference Books Ltd, Sphere Books Ltd, and Michael Joseph Ltd, all from 1970 to 1975. He was the chairman of Westerham Press Ltd from 1972 to 1975; and Acanthus Press Ltd from 1979 until his death.
Personal life.
Rainbird's first marriage was in 1926, to Eva Warner, and they had a son and two daughters. His second marriage was in 1939, to Joyce "Joy" Trinder (died 1970), and they two sons and a daughter. In 1972, he married Lena Wickman (1917–1998), who survived him. Wickman was Swedish, and worked as a literary scout, and was best known for discovering John le Carré and his debut novel "The Spy Who Came In From The Cold" (1963), and lived in Bramerton Street, Chelsea, London.
In the 1950s, Rainbird bought Whichford House in the village of Whichford, Warwickshire, from the Church of England for £1,400, after it had ceased to be used as a rectory.
His wife Joy planned and planted the garden with the assistance of plantsman and designer, James Russell, and it was featured in "Country Life". They were mainly based in London, and only visited at weekends and in the summer, although his "very old" father lived there year-round.
Later in life, he lived at The Old Parsonage, Church Street, Moreton-in-Marsh, Gloucestershire, and 45 Bramerton Street, Chelsea, London.
Rainbird died on 20 August 1986, aged 81.

</doc>
<doc id="56901544" url="?curid=56901544" title="Cartridge Family">
Cartridge Family


</doc>
<doc id="56901545" url="?curid=56901545" title="Gwangnyeong Muk clan">
Gwangnyeong Muk clan

Gwangnyeong Muk clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Guangning County, China. According to the research in 2000, the number of Gwangnyeong Muk clan was 133. Muk clan was born in Liang County (), China. Gwangnyeong Muk clan’s founder was . He was a descendant of Mozi who was from Yang Province in China, and was a thinker from Lu in China’s Spring and Autumn period. He was naturalized in Joseon when he was a minister of defense (, "Bingbu Shangshu") in Ming dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="56901549" url="?curid=56901549" title="Pierre Kakhia">
Pierre Kakhia

Pierre Kakhia is president of the Lebanese Basketball Federation, and a member of the Lebanese Olympic Committee.
Career.
He is an influential figure in the world of Lebanese and Middle East sports (Basketball but also Football). He is also president of West Asia at World Sport Group.
In 2001, Kakhia established the West Asian Football Federation (WAFF) which was located in Jordan and headed by Prince Ali bin Hussein.
He was marketing manager of the Qatar Football Federation, and is currently the Head of Sports of the Lebanese Forces political party in Lebanon.
Kakhia has business ties to Sheikh Salman Bin Ibrahim Al-Khalifa, president of the Asian Football Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="56901552" url="?curid=56901552" title="F-box and leucine rich repeat protein 15">
F-box and leucine rich repeat protein 15

F-box and leucine rich repeat protein 15 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the FBXL15 gene.

</doc>
<doc id="56901555" url="?curid=56901555" title="Reporter X">
Reporter X


</doc>
<doc id="56901556" url="?curid=56901556" title="The International 2">
The International 2


</doc>
<doc id="56901559" url="?curid=56901559" title="Arch Books">
Arch Books


</doc>
<doc id="56901561" url="?curid=56901561" title="Times Leader (disambiguation)">
Times Leader (disambiguation)

Times Leader is a privately owned newspaper in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
Times Leader may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56901562" url="?curid=56901562" title="Reportero X">
Reportero X


</doc>
<doc id="56901568" url="?curid=56901568" title="Three Days of De Panne">
Three Days of De Panne


</doc>
<doc id="56901575" url="?curid=56901575" title="Lomond Hills Regional Park">
Lomond Hills Regional Park


</doc>
<doc id="56901577" url="?curid=56901577" title="Gian Maria Rastellini">
Gian Maria Rastellini

Gian Maria Rastellini (20 January 1869 – 30 December 1927) was an Italian neo-impressionist painter.
Biography.
Gian Maria Rastellini was born in Buttogno, a small village in the Valle Vigezzo, to a well-to-do family and was introduced to painting first by his paternal grandfather, Gian Battista Rastellini, then by his father, Gian Giacomo. In 1881 he enrolled, very young, at the "Rossetti Valentini" Art School in Santa Maria Maggiore, where together with Maurizio Borgnis, Carlo Fornara and Giovanni Battista Ciolina he studied under the guidance of the master Enrico Cavalli until 1887. A precocious artist, he exhibited at the First Triennale of Brera with the painting "Il Sogno (The Dream)", which was shortlisted by the jury for the "Principe Umberto Prize". The same picture was presented at the International Exhibition of the Munich Secession in 1907, where it was awarded a gold medal.
His earliest works were a compelling sequence of portraits, remarkable for their expressiveness and formal vigour. In 1889 he moved with his brother Gian Battista, also a painter, to Milan where he opened a studio. Building on the teachings of Cavalli, he made the lessons of the most open-minded and innovative artists his own, with his work assuming a vaguely symbolist tone. Perhaps his most original production of the 1890s are the scenes and landscapes he painted in Valle Vigezzo such as "Interno di stalla (Interior of a stable)", "Paesaggio invernale verso Buttogno (Winter landscape looking towards Buttogno)", "Veduta autunnale della valletta (Autumn view of the valley)", and "Vita umile (Humble life)", dictated by autonomous stylistic choices, fruit of a mediation between his early education and his study of Impressionism and the Macchiaioli. Also worthy of note are the portraits in pastels, a technique the artist made full use of throughout the entire arc of his artistic activity.
A multifaceted personality, Rastellini held the offices of Mayor of Buttogno (1899-1902) and president of the "Società Elettrica Vigezzina", the Valley's electricity company. Passionate about art and a collector, he made several trips to different parts of Europe to see the great masterpieces preserved in the art galleries and churches. Around 1905, his production ground almost to a halt and from then on he focused exclusively on commissioned portraits. The artist died in 1927 in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56901578" url="?curid=56901578" title="Pentland Hills Regional Park">
Pentland Hills Regional Park


</doc>
<doc id="56901580" url="?curid=56901580" title="Clyde Muirshiel">
Clyde Muirshiel


</doc>
<doc id="56901606" url="?curid=56901606" title="Pierre kakhia">
Pierre kakhia


</doc>
<doc id="56901609" url="?curid=56901609" title="State Employment Service (Azerbaijan)">
State Employment Service (Azerbaijan)

History.
State Employment Service of Azerbaijan was established on August 1, 1991 in accord with presidential order No211 dated July 22, 1991. The Law "About Population Employment in the Republic of Azerbaijan" came into force on October 1, 1991 with the resolution of the Supreme Council of Azerbaijan No 147-XII dated June 27, 1991 in order to regulate the activity of the newly established State Employment Service. The Employment Fund was established within the State Employment Service to finance measures to implement the state policy in the area of employment with the Decision No.22 of the Cabinet of Azerbaijan dated 22 July 1991.
The Constitution of Azerbaijan, adopted on November 12, 1995, provides legal basis for the employment of Azerbaijani citizens. Within the framework of the Constitution, the citizens have right to choose any job independently.
A number of State Programs such as the "State Program on Assistance to Small and Medium Enterprises in Azerbaijan (1997-2000)", "State Program on Poverty Reduction and Economic Development in Azerbaijan (2003-2006) "," State Program on Socio-Economic Development of the Regions of Azerbaijan (2004-2008)" have been implemented by State Employment Service to promote the development of economics in the country.
“State Program on Country Health Promotion for 2006-2009 within the framework of cooperation with ILO” that was signed by the Government of Azerbaijan and the International Labour Organization in cooperation with the International Labour Organization, which was signed in Geneva on 15 November 2006, was recognized for management and execution.
Action Plan, which was prepared by the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population of Azerbaijan to support State Program on Azerbaijani Youth (2005-2009), covered the programs “Preparation of National Action Plan on providing youth employment in the Republic of Azerbaijan” and “Providing youth employment and “Studying advanced practices of developed foreign countries in the field of entrepreneurship activity and preparing proposals for its application”
Azerbaijan is a member of International Labour Organization (ILO) since 1992. So far Azerbaijan ratified 57 Convention of the Organization, which among "On forced labor"(No 29), "On discrimination in labor and employment" (No 111), "On employment policy" (No 122), “On Organization of Employment Service” (No88), “On Professional Rehabilitation and Employment of Persons with Disabilities” (No 159).
Functions of the Service.
State Employment Service of Azerbaijan assists employers to select staff and citizens to find suitable jobs. The Service provides them with information about demand and offer in the labor market, organizes vocational trainings in order to assist young people in choosing a profession, organizes professional training, retraining and professional development of unemployed and job seeker people, organization of public works, organization of labor fairs, issues unemployment status, determinate unemployment benefit and payment, organize temporary employment of citizens through labor exchanges.
Organization of public works.
One of the most important measures to ensure the employment of job seeker and unemployed citizens temporary is organization of paid public works.
Paid public works are temporary employment activities that do not require a job-seeker or unemployed citizen a special vocational training. Public work can be renovation of the territory, streets, parks and squares; construction and repair of residential buildings, hospitals, schools, preschool institutions, dormitories and boarding houses, boarding houses for the elderly and the disabled persons, etc.; construction and reconstruction of roads and bridges, heating and boiler rooms; assistance to agricultural enterprises; elimination of consequences of natural disasters; care for the elderly and disabled persons and other socially significant works.
Unemployment benefit.
Unemployed status is granted to able-bodied citizens, who have no job, but ready to work and are registered as a job seeker in relevant Employment Centers, and who cannot be offered suitable job after ten days of registration as job seeker in the center.
Citizens who can be granted an unemployment status are:
International relations.
A delegation of the State Employment Service under the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population of Azerbaijan attended an international conference ““Youth Guarantee” Programme as Prevention of Youth Unemployment" that was held in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina on October 17–18, 2017 by Labor and Employment Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the World Association of Public Employment Services (WAPES).
The conference brought together representatives of different countries, a presentation of the Youth Support Program was demonstrated, as well as discussions on its experience, impacts, development proposals and perspectives," Solidarity of States in the fight against unemployment among young people "," Integration into the labor market of young people in need of social protection and special care "," The presentation of other employment programs by the State Employment Service of Belgium, Croatia, Slovenia, Russia, Austria, France, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Estonia, as well as other member states of the organization, and the experience of different countries in this area, exchange experiences and ideas among member states about ways to participate in national and international levels to address youth unemployment were made.
On October 2–28, 2017, the delegation of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population of Azerbaijan visited the Republic of Lithuania within the twinning project "Support to the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population in the Modernization of Public Employment Services in Azerbaijan". During the visit a meeting with the leadership of the Labor Exchange of Lithuania was held. 
On December 10–16, 2017, the delegation of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population of Azerbaijan visited Austrian Republic within Twinning project "Support to the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of Population in Modernization of Public Employment Services in Azerbaijan".
During the visit, a number of meetings were held between the Employment Service, the Kunther Steinbach Academy, the Labor and Chambers of Commerce, the Entrepreneurs Laboratories and the Agricultural Higher Education Institution in the cities of Vienna, Linz and Vishelburg in the Austrian Republic. The activities of the Austrian Employment Service, active and passive employment measures, existing electronic services, work done within the framework of social partnership, trainings and subsidies for employed citizens wishing to engage in entrepreneurial activity, as well as detailed information on the training process for recruitment was given.

</doc>
<doc id="56901618" url="?curid=56901618" title="La prisonnière (film)">
La prisonnière (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56901620" url="?curid=56901620" title="Daily Times Leader">
Daily Times Leader


</doc>
<doc id="56901623" url="?curid=56901623" title="Tun Aung">
Tun Aung


</doc>
<doc id="56901627" url="?curid=56901627" title="Gertie Wandel">
Gertie Wandel

Gertie Wandel née Møller (1894–1988) was a Danish textile artist and politician who is remembered for the role she played in establishing Håndarbejdets Fremme (the Danish Handcraft Guild) in 1928 and consolidating its activities in support of embroidery until 1978. She was also active in local politics in Gentofte.
Early life and education.
Born in Copenhagen on 7 November 1894, Gertie Møller was the daughter of the merchant Emilius Møller (1853–1927) and Magdalene Sophie Jessen (1860–1914). After graduating from N. Zahle's School in 1914, she studied French and history of art at the University of Copenhagen. She then turned her attention to textiles, learning the intricacies of embroidery, sewing, and design work, as well as the history of textile art.
In 1919, she married the merchant Helge Carl Wandel (1891–1952). They moved into a large house in Gentofte where they raised their three children: Carl Adam (1919), Einar (1924) and Niels Erik (1931).
Career.
In 1928, Wandel participated in the establishment of Håndarbejdets Fremme where she served on the board from 1931. She was later promoted to deputy chair, and then to chair, a position she held from 1943 to 1978. The organization played a major role in promoting Danish embroidery in Scandinavia and beyond.
Wandel was a highly effective leader, handling the organization's day-to-day management from the beginning. She took care of developing a workshop, a magazine, pattern books, a school, a large exhibition area, and retail outlets in Copenhagen and other large cities in Denmark and abroad. Quick to see development opportunities as they arose, she managed to encourage others to support her in her initiatives and attracted many top textile artists to participate in the organization. She ran Håndarbejdets Fremme until 1978, but continued to serve on the board for the rest of her life.
She also actively supported textile arts in both the Faroe Islands and Greenland while promoting the use of Faroese wool in Denmark.
On the political front, Wandel served on the Gentofte municipal council from 1943 to 1970, representing the Conservative People's Party. She became deputy mayor of Gentofte for the last four years of her service. She also campaigned for the Folketing, serving as alternate with responsibilities for educational and social policy and the mentally disabled.
Gertie Wandel died in Gentofte on 29 July 1988. She is buried in Frederiksberg Ældre Kirkegård.
Awards.
Gertie Wandel was one of the first women to be honoured with the Order of the Dannebrog in 1951. She became a Knight 1st Class in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="56901628" url="?curid=56901628" title="La casa de papel">
La casa de papel


</doc>
<doc id="56901639" url="?curid=56901639" title="Conus alfi">
Conus alfi

Conus alfi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description.
The length of the shell attains 52 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Vietnamese South China Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="56901640" url="?curid=56901640" title="Ektomor (Ektomorf album)">
Ektomor (Ektomorf album)


</doc>
<doc id="56901642" url="?curid=56901642" title="Good Behavior (2013 novel)">
Good Behavior (2013 novel)


</doc>
<doc id="56901643" url="?curid=56901643" title="Association for Christian Retail">
Association for Christian Retail


</doc>
<doc id="56901649" url="?curid=56901649" title="The Association for Christian Retail">
The Association for Christian Retail


</doc>
<doc id="56901651" url="?curid=56901651" title="Tazé">
Tazé


</doc>
<doc id="56901660" url="?curid=56901660" title="Michael Fleischer (businessman)">
Michael Fleischer (businessman)


</doc>
<doc id="56901699" url="?curid=56901699" title="Conus alrobini">
Conus alrobini

Conus alrobini is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description.
The length of the shell attains 105 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic and occurs off Central Vietnam

</doc>
<doc id="56901704" url="?curid=56901704" title="Confederate Monument (Jackson, Mississippi)">
Confederate Monument (Jackson, Mississippi)

The Confederate Monument is a historic monument in Jackson, Mississippi. It features a soldier standing on top of an obelisk. It was built in 1891, and its dedication was attended by many veterans of the Confederate States Army. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the Old Capitol since November 25, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="56901706" url="?curid=56901706" title="ESCO - European Skills, Competences, Qualifications and Occupations">
ESCO - European Skills, Competences, Qualifications and Occupations


</doc>
<doc id="56901709" url="?curid=56901709" title="Pepe meade">
Pepe meade


</doc>
<doc id="56901710" url="?curid=56901710" title="Melusine (company)">
Melusine (company)


</doc>
<doc id="56901717" url="?curid=56901717" title="Joanne Davies">
Joanne Davies

Joanne Davies (born 10 September 1972) is a former English badminton player, capped 44 times for England and reached No. 8 in the World.
Biography.
She has won team gold and individual silver medals in the 1998 Commonwealth Games. She represented Great Britain at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Davies was 11 weeks pregnant while she competing in Sydney. Davies married former Dutch national badminton player Jurgen van Leeuwen, and her son Ethan also played badminton.
She was the English National runner-up with her doubles partner Nichola Beck during the 1995 English National Badminton Championships.
Achievements.
Commonwealth Games.
"Mixed doubles"
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56901722" url="?curid=56901722" title="Black shinner">
Black shinner

The black shinner ("Pseudopungtungia nigra") is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to South Korea. It is also a type species of genus Pseudopungtungia.

</doc>
<doc id="56901723" url="?curid=56901723" title="Faisal Ajabs">
Faisal Ajabs


</doc>
<doc id="56901725" url="?curid=56901725" title="57th Rifle Division (RSFSR)">
57th Rifle Division (RSFSR)

The 57th Rifle Division () was an infantry division of the Red Army during the Russian Civil War. 
Formed in mid-1919, the division fought against the Armed Forces of South Russia on the Southern Front. After the defeat of the former it was transferred west and fought in northwest Ukraine and southern Belarus in the Polish–Soviet War. The 57th served in the westward advance of the Red Army in mid-1920 that ended with the Soviet defeat in the Battle of Warsaw, after which it retreated east into Belarus, where it was disbanded in November of that year.
History.
The 57th Rifle Division was formed on 25 July 1919 by an order of the Southern Front of 19 July from the units of the Group of Forces on the Poltava direction, part of the 14th Army. Nikolay Khudyakov became the first division commander on 4 August. From August to October it fought in defensive battles against the Armed Forces of South Russia (AFSR) along the Seym River and in the direction of Poltava. The 57th fought in the Orel–Kursk operation between 11 October and 18 November in the area of Sevsk and Dmitriyev, driving back the AFSR. For the operation, Fyodor Kuznetsov replaced Khudyakov in command of the division. From November to February 1920 the division was part of the reserve of the Southern Front and later the Southwestern Front. The 57th transferred to the 12th Army in February and to the 16th Army in March, fighting in the Polish–Soviet War. It fought near Ovruch and Rechitsa from March, before becoming part of the newly created Mozyr Group of Forces in May. On 24 April Vladimir Kilomovskikh became acting division commander; he was replaced by Vasily Timofeev-Naumov three days later. As part of the group it attacked along the right bank of the Berezina River and helped recapture Mozyr in May and June. Leonty Ugryumov became division commander on 1 June. On 28 June division commissar Nikifor Kolyada took command of the division.
Between 4 and 23 July, the division fought in the July Offensive, the renewed Soviet offensive in the war. During the offensive, it advanced westwards, capturing Glusk, Slutsk, and Pinsk. On July 25, the Soviet attack on Warsaw began, culminating in the Battle of Warsaw. With the group, the division advanced from Pinsk to Kobryn and Brest–Litovsk, crossing the Western Bug and Vistula. Division chief of staff Mikhail Olshansky became its commander on 2 August. On 16 August the Polish counterattack in the Battle of Warsaw began by moving through the thinly held, overstretched lines of the Mozyr Group. At Kock a detachment of the 57th was defeated by the Polish 21st Mountain Infantry Division, one of the few Polish encounters with the Mozyr Group on that day. Following the defeat of the Soviet forces in the counterattack, the division retreated with rearguard actions into Belarus. From September to November it fought in the suppression of Stanisław Bułak-Bałachowicz's Belarusian national uprising in the Bobruisk area. In October the 57th was briefly transferred to the 4th Army of the Western Front, and then to the 16th Army. On 11 November the 57th was ordered disbanded by the Western Front and its troops used to reinforce the 4th Rifle Division; the division was disbanded on 19 November. V.V. Shashkin commanded the division between 12 November and its disbandment.

</doc>
<doc id="56901736" url="?curid=56901736" title="Pseudopungtungia nigra">
Pseudopungtungia nigra


</doc>
<doc id="56901737" url="?curid=56901737" title="Charles J. Williams">
Charles J. Williams


</doc>
<doc id="56901742" url="?curid=56901742" title="Erica Van Den Heuvel">
Erica Van Den Heuvel


</doc>
<doc id="56901746" url="?curid=56901746" title="Taze (disambiguation)">
Taze (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56901750" url="?curid=56901750" title="Elie railway station">
Elie railway station

Elie railway station served the town of Elie and Earlsferry, Fife, Scotland, from 1863 to 1965 on the Fife Coast Railway.
History.
The station was opened on 1 September 1863 by the Leven and East of Fife Railway when it opened the extension of its line from to .
A camping coach was positioned here by the Scottish Region from 1953 to 1955 and two coaches from 1956 to 1963.
The station closed to passengers on 6 September 1965. The line closed to goods traffic on 18 July 1966.
The site of the station is now occupied by modern housing.

</doc>
<doc id="56901753" url="?curid=56901753" title="Capo Testa Lighthouse">
Capo Testa Lighthouse

Capo Testa Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on a promontory, which is the northernmost point of Sardinia, and represents the western entrance to the Strait of Bonifacio. Cape Testa promontory is connected to the mainland by an isthmus and the structure is situated in the municipality of Santa Teresa di Gallura on the Sea of Sardinia.
Description.
The lighthouse was built in 1845 and consists of a masonry quadrangular tower, high, with double balcony and lantern rising from a 2-storey keeper's house. The tower and the building are painted white and the lantern, which mounts a Type OR T3 optics with a Focal length of 125mm, in grey metallic. The light is positioned at above sea level and emits three white flashes in a 12 second period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated and managed by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1014 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56901760" url="?curid=56901760" title="Partido morena">
Partido morena


</doc>
<doc id="56901762" url="?curid=56901762" title="Pseudopungtungia tenuicorpus">
Pseudopungtungia tenuicorpus

Pseudopungtungia tenuicorpus, or the slender shinner is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Korean Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="56901764" url="?curid=56901764" title="2018 Laver Cup">
2018 Laver Cup

The 2018 Laver Cup was the second edition of the Laver Cup, a men's tennis tournament between teams from Europe and the rest of the world. It was held on indoor hard courts at the United Center in Chicago, United States from 21 until 23 September.
Team Europe successfully defended their title, winning the tournament 13–8. The attendance was 93,584 over the three days.
Player selection.
On 19 March 2018, Roger Federer for Team Europe and Nick Kyrgios for Team World were the first players to confirm their participation. On 28 June 2018, Novak Djokovic and Juan Martín del Potro committed to this event, as well as Kevin Anderson, John Isner and Diego Schwartzman on 26 July 2018. On 13 August 2018, Alexander Zverev, Grigor Dimitrov and David Goffin announced their participation for Team Europe. As their final picks, the team captains Björn Borg and John McEnroe chose Kyle Edmund and Jack Sock, respectively. As in 2017, del Potro withdrew shortly before the tournament started and was replaced by Frances Tiafoe.
Matches.
Each match win on day 1 was worth one point, on day 2 two points, and on day 3 three points. The first team to 13 points won. Since four matches were played each day, there were a total of 24 points available. However, since 12 of the total points are earned on day 3, neither team could win prior to the final day of play.

</doc>
<doc id="56901765" url="?curid=56901765" title="La Santa Biblia">
La Santa Biblia


</doc>
<doc id="56901776" url="?curid=56901776" title="Battery Bridge">
Battery Bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56901778" url="?curid=56901778" title="Pelagodes spiniseparati">
Pelagodes spiniseparati

Pelagodes spiniseparati is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Jeremy Daniel Holloway in 1996. It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
The wingspan of the male is 14–15 mm and the wings are pale bluish green. Fasciae clearly defined.

</doc>
<doc id="56901784" url="?curid=56901784" title="Liubov Vasilieva">
Liubov Vasilieva


</doc>
<doc id="56901787" url="?curid=56901787" title="1999–2000 Saudi First Division">
1999–2000 Saudi First Division

In 1999–2000 Saudi First Division, the second-tier league of football in Saudi Arabia, was won by Al-Ansar F.C. of the Medina region. Along with Al-Qadisiyah they were promoted to the Saudi Professional League.
Final league table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Relegation play-offs.
Al Taawon, who finished 8th, faced Najran, who finished 9th for a two-legged play-off.
Second leg.
"4–4 on aggregate. Al Taawon won 6–5 on penalties."

</doc>
<doc id="56901788" url="?curid=56901788" title="Battery-Brooklyn Bridge">
Battery-Brooklyn Bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56901791" url="?curid=56901791" title="Battery–Brooklyn Bridge">
Battery–Brooklyn Bridge


</doc>
<doc id="56901799" url="?curid=56901799" title="Constance Mary Pott">
Constance Mary Pott

Constance Mary Pott (1862–1957) was an English printmaker, writer, and teacher active during the late nineteenth century and the twentieth century. She worked in close proximity to the teacher and printmaker Frank Short.
Biography.
Pott was born in England in 1862 and she grew up in a Victorian upper-middle-class home with her mother, Mrs. Henry Pott that wrote the book "Quite the Gentleman". During the middle of the nineteenth century, the demand for artisans rose as the industrial sector began to grow. The need for artists and craftsmen spurred the creation of training schools. Constance Mary Pott attended the Royal College of Art. Pott, like many of the other students attending the school, was more drawn to fine art rather than design and she took an engraving class which began her art career. 
Pott's professional relationship with the artist Sir Frank Short began during her time at the RCA when he taught the engraving class in 1891. Shortly after graduating Pott herself began teaching at the RCA in 1902 and was extolled as an excellent teacher by many critics and curators of the time. She never married, and she didn't have any children, but she managed to outlive many of her peers. 
She eventually died in 1957 and left the majority of her belongings to her two sisters and her money to Johannes Matthias Daum, a former student of hers from the Royal College of Art.
Legacy.
The book "Etched in Memory: The Building and Survival of Artistic Reputation" includes many records of women artists between 1880 and 1930. The book surveys the etching revival and provides explanations as to why women had a harder time of building a reputation and ensuring the survival of their reputation when compared to their male contemporaries. Constance Mary Pott is analyzed in the book, and the authors contribute her lack of recognition was due to a few different reasons. Pott had a very Victorian upbringing, in which self-promotion was discouraged, so Pott wasn't able to exploit her artwork as much as her male counterparts. In December 1885 she organised the first meeting of the Francis Bacon Society having been impressed by her own earlier discoveries. She had been working on deciphering Elizabethan handwriting found in Fancis Bacon's private wastebook, and found that several ideas and figures of speech from the Promus could also be found in the Shakespeare plays and concluded that Sir Francis Bacon was their secret author. Pott outlived many of her peers and lived 32 years past the peak demand for etching artists, so when she died, her artwork was no longer related to the art scene at the time. Constance Mary Pott also neglected to keep a record of her artwork, so historians had a difficult time keeping track of the prints she made. Lastly, Pott never had any children, so her family couldn't pass on her legacy as an important artist of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="56901800" url="?curid=56901800" title="Ex-Ulysses (107m yacht)">
Ex-Ulysses (107m yacht)


</doc>
<doc id="56901805" url="?curid=56901805" title="Carey Tunnel">
Carey Tunnel


</doc>
<doc id="56901807" url="?curid=56901807" title="Eti Gunawan">
Eti Gunawan


</doc>
<doc id="56901812" url="?curid=56901812" title="Brooklyn Tunnel">
Brooklyn Tunnel


</doc>
<doc id="56901813" url="?curid=56901813" title="Conus ariejoostei">
Conus ariejoostei

Conus ariejoostei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to South Africa and occurs off the East Coast Province.

</doc>
<doc id="56901814" url="?curid=56901814" title="Lorenzo Polvani">
Lorenzo Polvani

Lorenzo Polvani (born 26 July 1994) is an Italian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Serie D club San Donato.
Club career.
Polvani made his Serie C debut for Pontedera on 31 August 2014 in a game against SPAL.
On 31 January 2020, he signed with Pianese. After making no appearances for Pianese, Polvani left the club on 23 October 2020 to join Serie D club San Donato.

</doc>
<doc id="56901817" url="?curid=56901817" title="Darren Wright (footballer, born 1968)">
Darren Wright (footballer, born 1968)

Darren James Wright (born 14 March 1968) is an English former footballer, who played as a defender. Originally a centre-back in his youth, he played professionally at full-back. He is the current head coach of the Kernow football team in Non-FIFA football.
Playing career.
Wright would get his start at Wolverhampton Wanderers, the club he supported, playing for their second team whilst still in school, however he would only make one senior appearance for the club – an away match at Plymouth Argyle.
In 1986 he would sign for Wrexham, where he would make 110 appearances in 4 years, winning Young Player of the Season in both the 1987–88 and 1988–89 seasons.
His Wrexham and fully professional career would come to an end through cruciate and cartilage damage in his knee, sustained in a match with Doncaster Rovers in a 50/50 challenge with forward Mark Rankine.
After his recovery, he would move to non-league football with Worcester City, spending a year at the Worcestershire club.
He would then move to Cheltenham Town, where, during his two-year spell there he would win promotion from the Doc Martens league to the Conference, and the FA Trophy.
After Cheltenham, he would move to Stafford Rangers before ending his career at Halesowen Town.
Coaching career.
After football, Wright would hold many coaching jobs, including senior team coach at Rushall Olympic, assistant manager at Continental Star and coaching youths at Wolverhampton Wanderers. He managed Panjab in 2016, taking them to the final of the 2016 ConIFA World Football Cup. In 2018 he took charge of the first Kernow football team.
Personal life.
During a charity game he played for Wrexham Veterans against Mold Alexandra on 12 July 2014, Wright suffered a heart attack. He made a full recovery and was still playing charity matches in 2015.
Honours.
Individual.
Wrexham
Team.
Cheltenham Town

</doc>
<doc id="56901818" url="?curid=56901818" title="Ahmad Raheel">
Ahmad Raheel

Ahmad Raheel Al Dhufairi () is a football player playing for Al-Arabi SC in the VIVA Premier League and Kuwait national football team playing mainly as a Defender.

</doc>
<doc id="56901819" url="?curid=56901819" title="Siciliani Liberi">
Siciliani Liberi


</doc>
<doc id="56901821" url="?curid=56901821" title="Clare Romano">
Clare Romano

Clare Romano (1922–2017) was an internationally known American printmaker and painter with works in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum and other major collections. As an advocate, innovator, and educator in the field of printmaking, Romano has co-authored in collaboration with her husband, John Ross, "The Complete Printmaker" (1972), "The Complete Collagraph" (1980), and several other printmaking manuals that have become standard texts for universities. They founded their High Tide Press for artists books in 1991.
Biography.
Romano earned her bachelor of fine arts degree in painting at Cooper Union School of Art in New York City from 1939-43. She credits peers in her painting, drawing, and two-dimensional design classes, Morris Kantor, Sidney Delevante, and Carol Harrison, with having the greatest influence on her path of artistic endeavors career. After graduation, Romano worked for Herbert Bayer as his personal assistant to his private studio in New York City. Here Romano painted the covers for pharmaceutical brochures and managed the finished artwork for Fortune magazine, Container Corporation illustrations, and advertisements. Romano took six months leave to join her husband John Ross at an army training base in Louisiana after just one year of working for Bayer. Then returned to New York City by request of Bayer when Ross' unit was sent overseas to Italy in February 1945. Romano was given a higher position upon her return by becoming a staff artist for fashion and perfume accounts.
Upon John Ross' cultural exposure of Italian country and art, in 1949 Ross was able to utilize his GI Bill to return with Romano in order for both artists to partake in studying at the Ecole de Beaux-Arts in Fontainebleau, France for two months. Continuing their stay, they then traveled throughout Europe for the following seven months. Their influence and admirability of Italy continued later in their lives as they held printmaking workshops for the Pratt Institute in Venice summer program starting in 1988. Upon Ross and Romano's return to New York in 1950, Romano was invited to take lithography lessons at the Creative Lithography Workshop from Robert Blackburn, a high school friend of Ross. This medium was new to Romano as her educational sequence at Cooper Union did not include printmaking. Her talent within the medium was quickly notable as her first piece, "Eglise de St. Martin" (1950) won a purchase award from the Brooklyn Museum of Art. Romano continued her practice of printmaking throughout the next decade, teaching herself woodcut, etching, and collagraphy. She earned a Louis Comfort Tiffany grant for printmaking at the Instituto Statele d' Arte in Florence, Italy, the fall of 1958 through the summer of 1959.
Beginning in 1963 throughout 1973, Romano taught at numerous institutions printmaking through fine arts. She taught relief and intaglio printmaking courses at the New School, while she was also the associate professor of printmaking and teaching at the Pratt Graphic Art Center in Manhattan. Romano also taught at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn where she began as an assistant professor in printmaking and rose to become associate professor, a chair of the Fine Art Department, and a recipient of Pratt's Distinguished Professor Award for 1978-79. Robert Newman, owner of The Old Print Shop, a Manhattan gallery that has represented Ms. Romano since the 1990s, described the artist as a "hard-core teacher, she wanted her students to be artist, to do their work, and be proud of their work."
Romano and Ross master their signature collagraph technique while visiting artists in Yugoslavia for the U.S. Information Agency in conjunction with "Graphic Arts USA," a traveling exhibition of American prints. There was no metal plates available for intaglio work in Eastern Europe. With this challenge, their solution was simultaneous intaglio and relief inking on a single cardboard matrix, their cardboard relief prints had been a continual exploration since the mid-1950s. "Shoreline" is a woodcut print that sufficiently represents Romano's printmaking work as she transitioned into being a notable printmaker. This color woodcut, collage, and cardboard relief is a representation of a familiar landscape view of the eastern seaboard. The piece also captures architectural forms in space. Romano's process was one of inspired layering and transitions within the piece, provoked by the landscape around her. She neglected to begin works with templates and preconceived drawings. "Shoreline" showcases the artist's accomplishment in variation of color and surface treatments from a single pass of a plate through a press. This work would have been printed in sequenced registration with multiple woodblocks and cardboard plates. Throughout Romano's printmaking processes, her proven desire to depict images of dimension and depth of color that preserves an abstracted simplicity creates intricate designed pieces of work.

</doc>
<doc id="56901826" url="?curid=56901826" title="Sheila Minor Huff">
Sheila Minor Huff


</doc>
<doc id="56901830" url="?curid=56901830" title="Narrows Tunnel">
Narrows Tunnel


</doc>
<doc id="56901831" url="?curid=56901831" title="It Was Twenty Years Ago Today (Roseanne episode)">
It Was Twenty Years Ago Today (Roseanne episode)


</doc>
<doc id="56901833" url="?curid=56901833" title="Too Early for Birds">
Too Early for Birds

Too Early for Birds (TEFB) is a series of Kenyan theatre shows that stages diverse stories from Kenyan history. Founded in early 2017 by Kenyan performers Abu Sense and Ngartia, the show and its title were inspired by the work of historian and blogger Owaahh. 
The production is experimental, mainly employing theatrical storytelling and borrowing from other elements like reenactments and music. Too Early for Birds is directed by Wanjiku Mwawuganga and features a number of upcoming and established Kenyan actors in the cast. The series has received wide acclaim among critics and audiences.
Series and structure.
A typical Too Early for Birds show includes an average of three to five main stories under a single theme. The ensemble involves one main story into which the others are weaved, providing a golden thread. Each story has one main narrator, with the rest of the cast fitting into different supporting roles. In the premiere show, the stories of were stitched together by a run through the tumultuous life of Paul Ngei. The premier show was staged on May 17, 2017, at the Kenya National Theatre. It featured stories of heroes and heroines from Kenyan history, such as Muthoni Nyanjiru and Otenyo Nyamaterere. Mũthoni was a lady who led a crowd of thousands of Kenyans in an attempt to rescue a jailed leader, Harry Thuku, in 1922. Otenyo led a resistance movement in 1908 against unfair British punitive expeditions that included reckless killing and scorched earth policy.
In the next show, the stories of Wangari Maathai, Mohammed Hassan Timothy Njoya, Ewart Grogan and William Northrup McMillan were stitched together by the story of the Lumboka-Chetambe War.
Production.
Too Early for Birds is primarily written and produced by Abu Sense and Ngartia. It is directed by Wanjiku Mwawuganga. The production team also includes Zosi Kadzitu, Miriam Kadzitu, Janet Haluwa, Hellen Masido, Veon Ngugi, Gathoni Queen Gathosh Gathyonce wa Verbal Intercourse Kimuyu, and Siteiya.
Apart from stage plays, the play also produces web content based on the theatre shows on its YouTube channel.
Editions.
Edition 3: TEFBADASSERY.
The third edition of was dubbed TEFBadassery on account of the fact that it covered some of the most outrageous crimes in Kenyan history. The stories included the exploits of infamous criminals such as Wacucu, Wanugu, Mary Wanjiku Karirimbi, Danson Gachui, Rasta, Matheri, among others. 
Edition 4: The Brazen Edition.
Dubbed TEFBrazen, the fourth edition was staged in July 2018 and featured an all female cast and crew. The Brazen Edition was scripted by Laura Ekumbo, Aleya Kassam and Anne Moraa, the three together going by the name, LAM. 
At the core of it was the un-invisibling of female figures from Kenyan History. It told the stories of Zarina Patel, Chelagat Mutai, Mnyazi wa Menza (more popularly known as Mekatilili wa Menza, the infamous Wangu wa Makeri and Field Marshal Muthoni. The story of Luanda Magere was also retold, this time from the point of view of the still unnamed Nandi female hero who discovered the secret to Luanda's strength, and saved her village by bringing about his downfall. 
This edition was directed by Wanjiku Mwawuganga and Produced by Gathoni Kimuyu.
Reception.
Critical response.
Too Early for Birds has received a largely positive response among audiences and critics. One reviewer commented that the series is, ".".."forcing an empathy rarely extended to Kenyans past. They are asking us to see these people as just that people. With their struggles and their lives and their fears, it is almost as if they’re telling us that the greatest rebellion is to live"." "
Another added "...The importance of knowing your own culture, and your own stories was brought to the fore with this amazing show – both funny and reflective, moving to the point of tears and in the next instance making you scream with laughter at the puns."
Some of the shows received mixed reviews because of the choice of cast; "...I would have especially liked to hear Muthoni Nyanjiru’s story narrated by Laura. It would have been even more powerful in a woman’s voice."

</doc>
<doc id="56901835" url="?curid=56901835" title="La Santa Biblia, Nueva Versión Internacional">
La Santa Biblia, Nueva Versión Internacional


</doc>
<doc id="56901851" url="?curid=56901851" title="Slimonid">
Slimonid


</doc>
<doc id="56901852" url="?curid=56901852" title="Mevar Kumar Jamatia">
Mevar Kumar Jamatia

Mevar Kumar Jamatia is an Indian Politician from Tripura. He is the General Secretary of the Indigenous Peoples Front of Tripura. He is Minister of Tribal Welfare and Forest in Biplab Kumar Deb ministry. He became the MLA from Asharambari Constituency by defeating CPI(M) Candidate Aghore Debbarma by a margin of 6,987 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="56901857" url="?curid=56901857" title="Hughmillerid">
Hughmillerid


</doc>
<doc id="56901859" url="?curid=56901859" title="Vidame of Chartres">
Vidame of Chartres


</doc>
<doc id="56901862" url="?curid=56901862" title="Pelagodes clarifimbria">
Pelagodes clarifimbria

Pelagodes clarifimbria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Prout in 1919. It is found in Sri Lanka, Peninsular Malaysia and Borneo.
The adult has bluish-green wings. In male genitalia, socii are broad, well developed gnathos with the lateral arms strongly expanded, tongue like.

</doc>
<doc id="56901867" url="?curid=56901867" title="Conus mpenjatiensis">
Conus mpenjatiensis

Conus mpenjatiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to South Africa and occurs off the KwaZulu Natal.

</doc>
<doc id="56901884" url="?curid=56901884" title="Conus nahoonensis">
Conus nahoonensis

Conus nahoonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to South Africa and occurs off the East Coast Province.

</doc>
<doc id="56901888" url="?curid=56901888" title="Tepecik (disambiguation)">
Tepecik (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56901891" url="?curid=56901891" title="Bo mun mountain">
Bo mun mountain


</doc>
<doc id="56901894" url="?curid=56901894" title="Jack Muller Danie Uys Park">
Jack Muller Danie Uys Park

The Jack Muller Danie Uys Park is a municipal park situated in Boston, Bellville, Western Cape, South Africa.
Name.
It's named after Daniel Uys (b.3 June 1932), Mayor of Bellville, South Africa from 1975–1977 and from 1983–1985 and Jack Muller a Councillor of Bellville Municipality
History.
Formerly, the area was two adjacent, but separate parks. The municipality have set aside the park for its residents. Prof Kristo Pienaar a botanist and prevouis a mayor of Bellville selected the trees and plants for the park.
Management.
The Park is managed by the Greater City of Cape Town, namely the City Parks Division and community based organization: "Friends of the Jack Muller Park", Greater Tygerberg Partnership and Boston Spirits.
Activities.
It has an outdoor auditorium and indigenous plants and trees. The bird the Cape Weaver (Ploceus Capansis) breeds in the park. It is a free entrance park.
It is open from sunrise to sunset.
The Bellville Parkrun is held here.
Pets are allowed.
Clubs.
Bellville Underwater Diving Club.
Bellville Running Club

</doc>
<doc id="56901898" url="?curid=56901898" title="Pseudorasbora elongata">
Pseudorasbora elongata

Pseudorasbora elongata is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Li River and lower reaches of the Yangtze in China.

</doc>
<doc id="56901901" url="?curid=56901901" title="Steven Echevarria">
Steven Echevarria

Steven Echevarria (born April 9, 1996) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Colorado Springs Switchbacks in the USL Championship.
Career.
Youth.
Born in Slate Hill, New York, Echevarria joined the New York Red Bulls Academy in 2011. He attended college at Wake Forest University and played on the Demon Deacons soccer team for four seasons, making 79 appearances, scoring 7 goals and tallying 6 assists. In 2017, Echevarria was named team captain.
While in college, Echevarria appeared for Premier Development League side New York Red Bulls U-23.
New York Red Bulls II.
On February 14, 2018, Echevarria signed his first professional contract with United Soccer League side New York Red Bulls II. He made his professional debut on March 17, 2018, appearing as a starter for New York in a 2-1 win over Toronto FC II.
Colorado Springs Switchbacks.
On November 16, 2020, Echevarria joined USL Championship side Colorado Springs Switchbacks ahead of their 2021 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56901918" url="?curid=56901918" title="Conus velliesi">
Conus velliesi

Conus velliesi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to South Africa and occurs off the East Coast Province.

</doc>
<doc id="56901928" url="?curid=56901928" title="Crab cake sandwich">
Crab cake sandwich


</doc>
<doc id="56901940" url="?curid=56901940" title="Conus xhosa">
Conus xhosa

Conus xhosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to South Africa and occurs off the East Coast Province.

</doc>
<doc id="56901941" url="?curid=56901941" title="Terminarch">
Terminarch


</doc>
<doc id="56901946" url="?curid=56901946" title="Pelagodes furvifimbria">
Pelagodes furvifimbria

Pelagodes furvifimbria is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Prout in 1917. It is found in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="56901955" url="?curid=56901955" title="Malichus I">
Malichus I

Malichus I or Malchos I ( ) was a king of Nabataea who reigned from 59 to 30 BC.
Malichus was a possible cousin of Herod the Great of the Herodian kingdom. When Herod fled Judea in 40 BC to escape imprisonment by the Hasmonean ruler Antigonus II Mattathias, who had already imprisoned his brother Phasael, he first traveled to the court of Malichus. However, Malichus I turned Herod away, as the Nabataean king was politically aligned with the Parthian Empire, which viewed Herod as a client ruler of the rival Roman Republic. Herod then decided to take refuge instead in Alexandria, at the court of Cleopatra VII of Ptolemaic Egypt. 
Malichus I eventually came into conflict with Cleopatra VII after her lover and Roman triumvir Mark Antony granted her Nabataean territories in the Gulf of Aqaba along the Red Sea, which had long been used as a staging ground for Nabataean raids on Ptolemaic lands. After a bitter open conflict between Malichus I and Cleopatra, allegedly stoked by her aggressive acts, Malichus I, along with Herod, failed to show up and support Antony and Cleopatra during the fateful Battle of Actium in 31 BC, a decisive victory for their rival Octavian.

</doc>
<doc id="56901959" url="?curid=56901959" title="Kansas Farm Bureau Insurance">
Kansas Farm Bureau Insurance


</doc>
<doc id="56901967" url="?curid=56901967" title="2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier">
2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier

The 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier was a cricket tournament that formed part of qualification process for the 2021 ICC T20 World Cup. Twelve regional qualifiers were held by the International Cricket Council (ICC), with 62 teams competing during 2018 in five regions – Africa (3 groups), Americas (2), Asia (2), East Asia Pacific (2) and Europe (3). The top 25 sides from these progressed to five Regional Finals in 2019, with seven teams then going on to compete in the 2019 ICC T20 World Cup Qualifier, along with the six lowest ranked sides from the ICC T20I Championship.
Eighteen countries from the European region competed in the initial phase of the tournament, divided into three groups of six each. Those matches took place in the Netherlands between 29 August and 2 September 2018. The top two of each group advanced to the ICC World T20 Europe Regional Finals in 2019. In April 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) granted full international status to Twenty20 men's matches played between member sides from 1 January 2019 onwards. Therefore, all the matches in the Regional Finals were played as Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is).
Three of the fixtures on day one of the qualifiers were abandoned because of rain. All three matches were replayed on the tournament's reserve day, 31 August 2018. Denmark and Germany qualified from Group A for the Regional Finals. They were joined by Italy and Jersey from Group B, and Norway and Guernsey from Group C.
The Regional Finals were held in Guernsey in June 2019. Jersey progressed to the T20 World Cup Qualifier after winning the Regional Finals. Jersey finished level on points with Germany, with Jersey advancing with a better net run rate.
Group A.
Points table.
(Q) Qualified to Regional Finals
Group B.
Points table.
(Q) Qualified to Regional Finals
Group C.
Points table.
(Q) Qualified to Regional Final
Regional Finals.
The Regional Finals took place in Guernsey from 15 to 20 June 2019. Germany announced their squad for the finals on 14 May 2019, which included three players (Ollie Rayner, Craig Meschede and Dieter Klein) with experience playing for county teams in English domestic cricket, although only Meschede joined up with the final squad. On 31 May 2019, the ICC confirmed all of the squads for the Regional Finals. During the tournament, Michael Richardson, who has also played in English domestic cricket, was added to Germany's squad, replacing the injured Daniel Weston.
At the mid-point of the Regional Final, Jersey and Italy had pulled clear from the other teams, both recording three wins from three matches. All four fixtures scheduled to take place on 18 June were washed out, with them being moved to the reserve day on 20 June. On the last day of fixtures, Jersey won the group to advance to the 2019 ICC T20 World Cup Qualifier, despite losing to Germany in the last match of the Regional Finals, progressing due to a superior net run rate.

</doc>
<doc id="56901968" url="?curid=56901968" title="Pseudorasbora interrupta">
Pseudorasbora interrupta

Pseudorasbora interrupta is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to streams on Fenghuang Mountain in Guangdong, China.

</doc>
<doc id="56901987" url="?curid=56901987" title="Malchos I">
Malchos I


</doc>
<doc id="56901994" url="?curid=56901994" title="Conus barrosensis">
Conus barrosensis

Conus barrosensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Cape Verdes.

</doc>
<doc id="56901995" url="?curid=56901995" title="Mohamad Sukri Abdul Mutalib">
Mohamad Sukri Abdul Mutalib


</doc>
<doc id="56901996" url="?curid=56901996" title="Inside Apple - The Secrets Behind the Past and Future Success of Steve Jobs's Iconic Brand">
Inside Apple - The Secrets Behind the Past and Future Success of Steve Jobs's Iconic Brand


</doc>
<doc id="56901998" url="?curid=56901998" title="Inside Apple- The Secrets Behind the Past and Future Success of Steve Jobs's Iconic Brand">
Inside Apple- The Secrets Behind the Past and Future Success of Steve Jobs's Iconic Brand


</doc>
<doc id="56902006" url="?curid=56902006" title="Mohd Fitri Saari">
Mohd Fitri Saari


</doc>
<doc id="56902007" url="?curid=56902007" title="Porto Antico (Genoa)">
Porto Antico (Genoa)


</doc>
<doc id="56902012" url="?curid=56902012" title="Muhammad Firhan Ashari">
Muhammad Firhan Ashari


</doc>
<doc id="56902013" url="?curid=56902013" title="1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1995 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 42nd edition of the women's doubles championship.
Deng Yaping and Qiao Hong defeated Liu Wei and Qiao Yunping in the final by three sets to one.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56902015" url="?curid=56902015" title="Nabil Fiqri Mohd Noor">
Nabil Fiqri Mohd Noor


</doc>
<doc id="56902016" url="?curid=56902016" title="Muhammad Razie Abd Rahim">
Muhammad Razie Abd Rahim


</doc>
<doc id="56902018" url="?curid=56902018" title="List of awards and nominations received by Son Tung M-TP">
List of awards and nominations received by Son Tung M-TP


</doc>
<doc id="56902019" url="?curid=56902019" title="Tengku Ahmad Tajuddin Tengku Abdul Jalil">
Tengku Ahmad Tajuddin Tengku Abdul Jalil


</doc>
<doc id="56902024" url="?curid=56902024" title="Muhammad Shahril Saabah">
Muhammad Shahril Saabah


</doc>
<doc id="56902026" url="?curid=56902026" title="1997 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1997 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1997 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 43rd edition of the women's doubles championship.
Deng Yaping and Yang Ying defeated Li Ju and Wang Nan in the final by three sets to two.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56902034" url="?curid=56902034" title="Natalie's Rap 2.0">
Natalie's Rap 2.0

"Natalie's Rap 2.0" is a song written and recorded by American comedy hip hop group The Lonely Island and features Natalie Portman with Beck Bennett and Alex Moffat. It is the sequel to the 2006 single "Natalie's Rap" from the band's first album "Incredibad". The music video premiered on the February 3, 2018 edition of SNL which Portman hosted, with the single being released to online services after the broadcast.
Recording.
"SNL" first contacted Samberg about a potential sequel to the original song three days before Portman was due to host her Saturday night episode. In a brainstorm session on the Thursday before the show, The Lonely Island planned out the song over the phone between shooting breaks in Samberg's schedule, with Akiva recording a rough demo later that day. The band continued to write late into Thursday night, and by Friday, they had recorded Portman's vocals with the band watching through FaceTime, with the remainder of the vocals picked up on the morning of the show. The recording was completed later that day—just in time for mixing and syncing with the music video.
The band had considered bringing back Chris Parnell to play the role of the interviewer, but due to him not being available in New York, they opted to bring in Beck Bennett in his place. Alex Moffat recorded his part, which was included in the "Star Wars" verse.
Composition.
The song make several cultural references and parodies current events such as the rise of the Me Too movement and the consumption of Tide Pods internet meme within the lyrics and music video. The song structure is similar of that to the original rap with Portman engaging in a mock interview. Claiming to have changed since the last interview, she states, "I was going through a really weird time then. But...I've matured a lot" before reverting into a similar pattern of described behaviors. When the interviewer appears to mock the quality of the "Star Wars" prequels, Portman takes a hostage and coerces compliments from him to appease Jar Jar Binks.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Paul Briganti and made its premier on the February 3, 2018 edition of SNL. The video was recorded the day before the television broadcast and before the song had been completely recorded, with Portman having to lip sync on the video recording to the rough demo which featured the voices of the band. Samberg's part of the video was written and recorded in LA within an hour that day and was sent over to New York to be edited into the cut.
The video follows the narrative of the song with Natalie Portman going through the events of her life since the last time she appeared on the show 12 years prior, including motherhood and her Oscar wins. The video features a cameo from Kenan Thompson as a doctor interrupting Portman "giving birth."
The video has been viewed over seven million times through the band's VEVO and the official "SNL" accounts on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="56902041" url="?curid=56902041" title="Pseudorasbora pugnax">
Pseudorasbora pugnax

Pseudorasbora pugnax is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Honshu, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56902043" url="?curid=56902043" title="C21H44">
C21H44


</doc>
<doc id="56902044" url="?curid=56902044" title="Hangok">
Hangok


</doc>
<doc id="56902046" url="?curid=56902046" title="Tarek hussein (lawyer)">
Tarek hussein (lawyer)


</doc>
<doc id="56902056" url="?curid=56902056" title="Christine Ballengee-Morris">
Christine Ballengee-Morris

Christine Ballengee-Morris is a professor in the Arts Administration, Education and Policy Department for Ohio State University. She is the founding director of the Multicultural Center at Ohio State University.
Biography.
Ballengee-Morris was born on February 15, 1955. She hails from the Appalachia and claims Cherokee descent.
She grew up in the Dayton, Ohio area. After high school she attended Miami University of Ohio and in 1980 received her BS in art education. She went on to receive a MA in Art Education from Miami University of Ohio and a PhD in art education from Penn State University. After graduating from Penn State in 1995 she accepted a position at Ohio State University. She now teaches classes that specialize in diversity explorations.
Contributions.
Ballengee-Morris has written and edited articles for the journal "Art Education" from at least 1998 to 2016. She also wrote a chapter in the book "Real-World Readings in Art Education: Things Your Professor Never Told You" by Dennis E. Fehr. Ballengee-Morris' chapter, titled "Mountain Culture: No Hillbillies Here", details her view on only teaching mainstream art to students and the impact that has on their identity.
Ballengee-Morris was a Coordinator of American Indian Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="56902069" url="?curid=56902069" title="Mark Anthony Conditt">
Mark Anthony Conditt


</doc>
<doc id="56902071" url="?curid=56902071" title="1999 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
1999 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 1999 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 44th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Li Ju and Wang Nan defeated Yang Ying and Sun Jin in the final by three sets to nil.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56902074" url="?curid=56902074" title="Pouta (song)">
Pouta (song)

"Pouta" is a last single from the "Katarze" album of Czech pop music group Slza. The music was created by Lukáš Bundil and Dalibor Cidlinský Jr. and the text composed by Xindl X.
Music video.
A music video containing the materials of the Vevo sponsor was released for this single. The video was directed by Roland Wranik from Slovakia from production company SorryWeCan. Finalist of Miss Slovakia, Lucia Uhrinová, played in the clip with Petr Lexa and Lukáš Bundil. The video has gathered more than 2.5 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="56902077" url="?curid=56902077" title="Kleven group">
Kleven group


</doc>
<doc id="56902086" url="?curid=56902086" title="List of documentaries about World War II">
List of documentaries about World War II


</doc>
<doc id="56902100" url="?curid=56902100" title="List of World War II documentary films">
List of World War II documentary films


</doc>
<doc id="56902118" url="?curid=56902118" title="Nawalpur District">
Nawalpur District

Nawalpur (, , ) or (Nawalparasi east of Bardaghat Susta) is a district located in Gandaki Province of Nepal. It is 1 out of 11 districts of Gandaki Province. The headquarter of the district is Kawasoti.
Formally Nawalpur District was part of Nawalparasi District, which split into two districts Nawalpur District and Parasi District after the state's reconstruction of administrative divisions as of 20 September 2015.
The total area of Nawalpur District is and total population of this district as of 2011 Nepal census is 310864 individuals.
History.
During Rana regime, Nawalpur district was a sub-district of Chitwan District then it established separately and again merged with a small portion (Parasi) of Butwal District and established Nawalparasi District. In 2015 again Nawalpur District separately reestablished.
Divisions.
The district is divided into 8 local level body in which 4 are urban municipality and 4 are rural municipality.
Demographics.
At the time of the 2011 census, Nawalpur district had a population of 310,864. Of these, 55.29% spoke Nepali, 25.15% Magar, 10.95% Tharu, 1.92% Gurung, 1.62% Newari, 1.25% Bhojpuri and 0.82% Tamang as their first language.

</doc>
<doc id="56902140" url="?curid=56902140" title="The Wonderful Rose-Tree">
The Wonderful Rose-Tree

Le Rosier miraculeux, released in the US as The Wonderful Rose-Tree and in the UK as The Magical Rose Tree, is a 1904 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
Plot.
According to Méliès's catalogue description:
Release and rediscovery.
"The Wonderful Rose-Tree", advertised as having been based on a legend from Hinduism, was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 634–636 in its catalogues. It was sold both in black-and-white and, at a higher price, in a hand-coloured version. Méliès's catalogue says that the film "was made especially for coloring. Its charm and its delicate beauty are very materially enhanced by the intelligent and harmonious coloring of our artists." The film was registered for American copyright at the Library of Congress on 11 October 1904.
The film was presumed lost until the 2010s, when documentary filmmakers of "Saving Brinton" identified a single, damaged, but nearly complete black-and-white print in a collection that had belonged to Frank Brinton, a Midwestern American traveling showman of Méliès's era. The Brinton collection was also found to contain another Méliès film presumed lost, "The Triple-Headed Lady". "The Wonderful Rose-Tree" was screened, for the first time since its rediscovery, at the Pordenone Silent Film Festival in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56902145" url="?curid=56902145" title="Yin lan">
Yin lan


</doc>
<doc id="56902153" url="?curid=56902153" title="K2-155d">
K2-155d

K2-155d is a potentially habitable Super-Earth exoplanet in the K2-155 system. It is the outermost of three known planets orbiting around the K-type star K2-155 in the constellation Taurus. It is one of 15 new exoplanets around red dwarf stars discovered by Japanese astronomer Teruyuki Hirano of the Tokyo Institute of Technology and his team. The team used data from NASA's Kepler Space Telescope during its extended K2 "Second Light" mission. K2-155d orbits near the so-called habitable zone of its system, and has the potential to host liquid water.
Discovery and observations.
K2-155d is one of 15 exoplanets discovered by a team of Japanese astronomers led by Teruyuki Hirano at the Tokyo Institute of Technology. Its discovery is based on data from the K2 mission of NASA's Kepler spacecraft. The exoplanet has also been observed from ground-based telescopes including the Nordic Optical Telescope (NOT) in La Palma and the Subaru Telescope in Hawaii. Its characteristics were confirmed using speckle imaging and high-dispersion optical spectroscopy. The mass of K2-155d and the brightness of its host star may be measured by future observations from the W. M. Keck Observatory and the James Webb Space Telescope. The brightness of its host star makes K2-155d a good target for future studies using instruments such as the James Webb Space Telescope.
Characteristics.
K2-155d is a super-Earth exoplanet with a radius 1.64 times that of Earth, near the transition zone between small rock-based and larger gaseous planets. Climate models predict that it is located near its star's habitable zone and has an insolation 1.67 ± 0.38 (between 1.29 and 2.05) times that of Earth. Its physical temperature is estimated to be 289 K (16 degrees Celsius or 61 degrees Fahrenheit). Studies have shown that the planet would maintain a moderate surface temperature if its insolation is smaller than ∼1.5 times that of Earth.
K2-155d is one of three known planets in the system orbiting K2-155, a red dwarf star located 200 light years from Earth. Its parent star has 88% less volume than the Sun. K2-155d orbits its star with a 40.7 day period, but as the planet is tidally locked the same side always faces its sun. K2-155d has an orbital radius of 0.1886AU and studies suggest that the planet has a low orbital eccentricity.
Potential habitability.
K2-155d has been labeled a potentially habitable planet that may be able to harbor liquid water. A three-dimensional climate simulation was used to confirm the possibility of the existence of water. However, its discoverer Teruyuki Hirano was cautious about the findings, stating that they do not guarantee K2-155d is habitable, as the ranges in its orbit and temperature allow the possibility of it being outside the habitable zone. Factors such as the absence of solar flares could also decide if K2-155d is habitable.

</doc>
<doc id="56902155" url="?curid=56902155" title="2001 PFC CSKA Moscow season">
2001 PFC CSKA Moscow season

The 2001 CSKA season was the club's tenth season in the Russian Top Division, the highest tier of association football in Russia.
Transfers.
Winter.
In:
Out:
Summer.
In:
Out:
Competitions.
Russian Cup.
2001-02.
"Quarterfinal" took place during the 2002 season.

</doc>
<doc id="56902159" url="?curid=56902159" title="Charminar (film)">
Charminar (film)


</doc>
<doc id="56902162" url="?curid=56902162" title="Taschenberg">
Taschenberg

Taschenberg is a surname of German origin. People with that name include:

</doc>
<doc id="56902171" url="?curid=56902171" title="Amal Knight">
Amal Knight

Amal Knight (born 19 November 1993) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays for Arnett Gardens as a goalkeeper.
Early life and education.
Knight attended Wolmer's Boys High School before earning a scholarship to the University of the West Indies.
Club career.
He played club football for Harbour View and UWI. In 2020, Knight signed with new USL Championship club San Diego Loyal. In June 2020 he moved on loan to FC Tucson. 
In July 2021, Knight signed with Arnett Gardens F.C. in Jamaica. 
International career.
He made his international debut for Jamaica in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56902172" url="?curid=56902172" title="Great Wall Wey VV7">
Great Wall Wey VV7


</doc>
<doc id="56902173" url="?curid=56902173" title="Sharana movement">
Sharana movement


</doc>
<doc id="56902174" url="?curid=56902174" title="Conus cristinapessoae">
Conus cristinapessoae

Conus cristinapessoae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Cape Verdes.

</doc>
<doc id="56902176" url="?curid=56902176" title="Tiffany Red">
Tiffany Red

Tiffany Red (born December 24, 1986) is an American R&amp;B singer-songwriter born in Madrid, Spain and raised in Sicklerville, New Jersey. She has written songs for Zendaya, Jason Derulo, and Tamar Braxton. Red garnered her first Grammy Award in 2009 for her contributions to Jennifer Hudson's self-titled album, which won Best R&amp;B Album of the year.. Red was again nominated in 2014 for her contributions to Fantasia's album "Side Effects Of You," nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album of the year.
Red released her first EP as a recording artist titled “Drake”, an homage to the Toronto rapper, in late 2017. The release drew interest from the likes of Revolt TV who described Fred as a "well-rounded artist who can not only pen the songs you love, but deliver sonically as well."
Red amended her stage name from Tiffany Fred to Tiffany Red in . 

</doc>
<doc id="56902189" url="?curid=56902189" title="Conditt">
Conditt


</doc>
<doc id="56902205" url="?curid=56902205" title="Conus decolrobertoi">
Conus decolrobertoi

Conus decolrobertoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Cape Verdes.

</doc>
<doc id="56902207" url="?curid=56902207" title="T. B. Fletcher">
T. B. Fletcher


</doc>
<doc id="56902214" url="?curid=56902214" title="Tevin Shaw">
Tevin Shaw

Tevin Shaw (born 24 February 1997) is a Jamaican professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Canadian club Atlético Ottawa and the Jamaica national team.
Club career.
Boys' Town.
Shaw played youth football with National Premier League side Boys' Town, where he captained the club's youth sides from the U13 to U20 level. In 2014, he signed his first professional contract with the club. Shaw made four appearances for Boys' Town that season, and made another five the following year.
Tivoli Gardens.
In summer 2016, Shaw signed with Tivoli Gardens. He made 31 league appearances that season, scoring one goal, and started both legs of Tivoli's playoff series against Portmore United. The followind season, Shaw made another 27 league appearances, scoring two goals, and again started in both legs of Tivoli's playoff series, this time against Cavalier. In the 2018–19 season, he made 27 league appearances, scoring one goal.
Portmore United.
In summer 2019, Shaw signed with defending champions Portmore United. That season he made 21 league appearances, scoring one goal, and played 90 minutes in the away leg of Portmore's CONCACAF Champions League series against Mexican giants Cruz Azul.
Atlético Ottawa.
On 26 March 2020, Shaw signed for Canadian Premier League side Atlético Ottawa. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he was unable to join the side for the 2020 season, meaning he spent the year without any competitive football. But despite this, he was re-signed by Ottawa in 2021.
International career.
Shaw received his first call-up to the Jamaica national team in May 2017 for a warm-up friendly against Peru ahead of the 2017 Caribbean Cup. He ultimately missed out on the Caribbean Cup due a quadricep injury. Shaw made his debut for Jamaica on 30 January 2018 in a friendly against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="56902222" url="?curid=56902222" title="Prison at Łąckiego">
Prison at Łąckiego


</doc>
<doc id="56902227" url="?curid=56902227" title="Charshak">
Charshak


</doc>
<doc id="56902228" url="?curid=56902228" title="Shachak">
Shachak


</doc>
<doc id="56902229" url="?curid=56902229" title="Laszlo Czako">
Laszlo Czako


</doc>
<doc id="56902231" url="?curid=56902231" title="The Magical Rose Tree">
The Magical Rose Tree


</doc>
<doc id="56902232" url="?curid=56902232" title="EXO-CBX">
EXO-CBX


</doc>
<doc id="56902234" url="?curid=56902234" title="Le Rosier miraculeux">
Le Rosier miraculeux


</doc>
<doc id="56902237" url="?curid=56902237" title="Czakó László">
Czakó László


</doc>
<doc id="56902238" url="?curid=56902238" title="Roundhouse (windmill)">
Roundhouse (windmill)

A roundhouse is the part of a post mill that encloses the trestle. It serves two functions; to protect the trestle from the weather and to provide storage space.
Post mills.
Early medieval post mills had their trestles partly buried in the ground. This gave the mill stability, but had the disadvantage that the trestle would rot where it met the ground. This type of mill was called the Sunk post mill. By making the mill bigger, it was possible to raise the trestle out of the ground. These mills are called open trestle post mills. The trestle of the mill, whilst clear of the ground, is still exposed to the elements. By adding a structure around the trestle, it is protected from the elements, with the added advantage of creating additional dry storage space for grain and flour. These mills are called a post mill with roundhouse. Some open trestle post mills had a roundhouse added later, for example Drinkstone, Suffolk c.1830. Other mills were built with a roundhouse from new. Single storey roundhouses had two doors directly opposite each other to give safe access and egress whichever way the wind was blowing from.
A roundhouse is usually, but not always round. Polygonal roundhouses also exist. A roundhouse may be of one, two or three storeys. The latter were most common amongst windmills in Suffolk, where the post mill reached its peak of design. A tall roundhouse raised the mill above the trees and enabled it to better catch the wind. Sometimes a mill was raised, such as the Black Mill, Southwold, Suffolk in 1863 following gale damage. It originally had a single-storey roundhouse, but had a two-storey roundhouse after it was rebuilt. Generally, the roundhouse has no structural function, with the exception of roundhouses in the Midlands region of the United Kingdom, where they carried a curb and through wheels on the underside of the buck of the mill, they carried some weight from the mill, a task usually performed solely by the trestle.
Often, when a post mill was demolished, the roundhouse was left standing. Some of these roundhouses survive, either as stores converted into dwellings.

</doc>
<doc id="56902239" url="?curid=56902239" title="FV Lugano">
FV Lugano


</doc>
<doc id="56902240" url="?curid=56902240" title="Niedzielan">
Niedzielan


</doc>
<doc id="56902243" url="?curid=56902243" title="Javon East">
Javon East

Javon Romario East (born 22 March 1995) is a Jamaican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Santos de Guápiles.
Club career.
He has played club football for Portmore United. 
With East in the squad Portmore United won the 2017-2018, RSPL title 
In June 2019, East moved on loan to Santos de Guápiles F.C. in Costa Rica.
International career.
He made his international debut for Jamaica in 2018.
Honours.
2017–18, 2018–19

</doc>
<doc id="56902247" url="?curid=56902247" title="Sunk post mill">
Sunk post mill


</doc>
<doc id="56902249" url="?curid=56902249" title="Minister of Agriculture and Forestry (Finland)">
Minister of Agriculture and Forestry (Finland)

The Minister of Agriculture and Forestry (, ) is one of the Finnish Government's ministerial portfolios. The minister is in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry. Since May 2017, Finland's Minister of Agriculture and Forestry has been Jari Leppä of the Centre Party.

</doc>
<doc id="56902250" url="?curid=56902250" title="FS Class 400">
FS Class 400

FS Class 400 were steam locomotives of French construction, built for service in Italy. They were 0-8-0 tender locomotives with two outside cylinders.
History.
During the second half of 1860 the progress of the construction of the Porrettana railway highlighted the need to order locomotives suitable for the demanding Apennine route, so a construction order was issued for a group of 10 units to the prestigious Koechlin locomotive factory in Mulhouse. For a mountain route, the locomotives had a 0-8-0 wheel arrangement for maximum adhesion. This was the first use of eight-coupled locomotives on Italian railways. The locomotives were delivered between 1861 and 1866 and entered service on the Porrettana railway. A second batch of 10 was ordered in 1871.
Numbering.
Deliveries took place gradually, beginning in 1861. Owing to company changes, the early numbering is complex but, under the Società per le strade ferrate dell'Alta Italia (SFAI), they became 1281-1290. To cope with an increase in traffic, the company ordered a further batch of 10 locomotives, very similar but more powerful, from the Koechlin factory in 1871. These were assigned to the Frejus line and numbered 1291-1300. Later re-numberings and names are shown in the table below. Several locomotives were scrapped following accident damage but 14 units survived and passed to the Italian State Railways (FS) in 1905. The locomotives were of sturdy construction, characteristic of those designed by Edouard Beugniot, but were very rudimentary. After a few years' service with the FS they were relegated to banking heavy trains on the old Giovi line. They were withdrawn from service in 1909 and had been scrapped by 1910.
Features.
The locomotives had a 0-8-0 wheel arrangement. They were not mass-produced and there were some detail differences between units. There was a wide firebox located behind the driving wheels and, to keep the axle load down to 12.5 tonnes, a part of the weight was carried by the tender. The boiler supplied saturated steam at a maximum pressure of 8 bar and the engine had two outside cylinders. The continuous power output of the first series of machines was 590 hp. The locomotives were not equipped with pneumatic brakes but only a steam brake on the engine and a handbrake on the tender. The footplate was cramped and covered by a simple canopy. It was modified under RM ownership by closing it in to offer a better shelter for the crew. The tenders varied, some having two axles and others having three axles. In later years, the tenders were modified so that they no longer carried part of the locomotive weight. As was usual at that time, the locomotives were baptized and each received its own name. Seven units were involved in serious accidents and six were written off. The seventh was inherited by the FS in a wrecked condition.
First series.
An obvious feature of the 10 locomotives of the first series was the three-axle tender, on which part of the locomotive weight was carried. The continuous power output was 590 hp (434 kW). The sandbox was placed adjacent to the steam dome and the supply pipe delivered sand ahead of the second axle. The safety valve was located on a small dome on top of the firebox.
Second series.
The second series of 10 machines was modified by adopting a two-axle tender. The length of the firebox was increased to make it more capacious and the continuous power output rose to 610 hp (448 kW). The sandbox was moved near to the centre of the boiler and delivered sand ahead of the third axle. The safety valve was located on the steam dome, just behind the chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="56902252" url="?curid=56902252" title="Conus espingueirensis">
Conus espingueirensis

Conus espingueirensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to Cape Verde. Its type locality is in the island of Boa Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="56902253" url="?curid=56902253" title="Xeyirov">
Xeyirov


</doc>
<doc id="56902254" url="?curid=56902254" title="Ring with the approximation property">
Ring with the approximation property


</doc>
<doc id="56902270" url="?curid=56902270" title="Spyridonakes">
Spyridonakes


</doc>
<doc id="56902274" url="?curid=56902274" title="Conus gallopalvoi">
Conus gallopalvoi

Conus gallopalvoi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Cape Verdes.

</doc>
<doc id="56902278" url="?curid=56902278" title="Ektomorf (album)">
Ektomorf (album)


</doc>
<doc id="56902283" url="?curid=56902283" title="Fort Scott High School">
Fort Scott High School

Fort Scott High School is a public high school in Fort Scott, Kansas, and operated by Fort Scott USD 234 school district. It is located at 1005 South Main Street. The school mascot is a tiger and the school colors are red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="56902288" url="?curid=56902288" title="Hyacinthe-Gabrielle Roland">
Hyacinthe-Gabrielle Roland

Hyacinthe-Gabrielle Wellesley, Countess of Mornington (née Roland; 5 November 1816), was a French actress who became the mistress, and later the wife, of Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley. As an actress, she was billed as Gabrielle Fagan.
Through her daughter Anne, Wellesley is the great-great-great grandmother to Queen Elizabeth II.
Parentage.
She was born in Paris between 1760 and 1771 to Pierre Roland and Hyacinthe-Gabrielle Varis. There were rumors Roland's biological father was Christopher Alexander Fagan, and she was later adopted by Pierre Roland.
Her birth year is also unproven. The University of Southampton, which houses the Wellesley family papers, estimates her birth year to be 1760. "The Complete Peerage" and "Burke's Peerage" estimate her birth year to be between 1766 and 1771 in editions published since her death. 
Marriage.
Richard Wellesley, the son of Garret Wesley, 1st Earl of Mornington, met Roland at the Palais Royal where she was an actress. She spoke no English at the time, however they lived together for some years without marrying. In 1781, Richard Wellesley succeeded as 2nd Earl of Mornington. He and roland married on 29 November 1794 at St George's, Hanover Square, London. Prior to their marriage, they had three sons and two daughters who were then legitimated:
Upon her marriage, Roland became the Countess of Mornington, but remained a social outcast. In 1799, her husband was created the 1st Marquess Wellesley, making Roland a courtesy marchioness. However, this elevation did not change her social standing. Even the famously casual Elizabeth Lamb, Viscountess Melbourne refused to call on Roland, and scolded her daughter-in-law, Lady Caroline Lamb, severely for doing so: "you are the only woman with any pretensions to character who ever courted Lady Wellesley's acquaintance". She was laid to rest at St. Michael's Church in Penkridge.

</doc>
<doc id="56902289" url="?curid=56902289" title="Solomon Goldstein-Rose">
Solomon Goldstein-Rose

Solomon Goldstein-Rose (born December 5, 1993) is an American politician, climate activist, and author, who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. From 2017 to 2019 he represented the 3rd Hampshire district (includes Amherst, Pelham, and Precinct 1 of Granby).
Goldstein-Rose ran for an open State Rep seat during his last semester of college and the following summer, at age 22. He won the 6-way Democratic primary in September 2016 and was uncontested in the general election in November 2016. Goldstein-Rose's campaign platform focused on his youth and energy to push for system change, with an emphasis on clean energy and education policy. Once in the legislature he introduced bills related to clean energy, K-12 education, and election reform, and joined the Progressive Caucus in pushing for criminal justice reform and other policies. Halfway through his term, he switched his voter registration to unenrolled (Independent) on February 20, 2018, to emphasize current problems with the two-party system and spark conversations about partisanship and national political discourse.
During his term in office, Goldstein-Rose created several civic engagement and civic education programs, including a monthly free dessert discussion, an "UnCampaign" in which he knocked on doors during election off-season to speak with unlikely voters about state politics, a CivicsFest celebration and contest organized with the League of Women Voters of Amherst, talks about government and political issues at local schools, and a monthly guest column in the Amherst Bulletin in which Goldstein-Rose explained details of the Massachusetts legislature's process and discussed current issues. Goldstein-Rose was also part of a working group that created and successfully passed a bill requiring hands-on civic education in Massachusetts schools.
Goldstein-Rose is a 2016 graduate of Brown University, where he studied Engineering and Public Policy. He previously interned in the Obama White House, in a Senate office, and on a Senate campaign. During college he founded the Rhode Island carbon pricing campaign. Before college, Goldstein-Rose served as a full member of the Amherst-Pelham Regional School Committee at age 18 while in 12th grade, filling out the end of a term when a member moved away. He has been a climate activist since age 11.
Goldstein-Rose cancelled his 2018 re-election campaign at the end of the legislative term, announcing he would instead shift to full-time nationally and globally focused work on climate change. He synthesized research, outreach, and analysis into a framework for the comprehensive picture of solving climate change. That framework became his book, The 100% Solution (publication date March 31, 2020).

</doc>
<doc id="56902291" url="?curid=56902291" title="List of Shining Time Station characters">
List of Shining Time Station characters


</doc>
<doc id="56902293" url="?curid=56902293" title="Conus guiandradoi">
Conus guiandradoi


</doc>
<doc id="56902309" url="?curid=56902309" title="Hyacinthe Wellesley, Marchioness Wellesley">
Hyacinthe Wellesley, Marchioness Wellesley


</doc>
<doc id="56902316" url="?curid=56902316" title="Laura Barney Harding">
Laura Barney Harding

Laura Barney Harding (June 2, 1902 – August 9, 1994) was an American socialite and philanthropist. She became a close friend of Katharine Hepburn in the late 1920s when they were both aspiring actresses; the two travelled together to California to seek work in films, and shared a house in Franklin Canyon Park, near Hollywood.
Early life.
Laura Barney Harding was born on June 2, 1902, to James Horace Harding and Dorothea Barney in the family home at 1816 South Rittenhouse Square, and grew up in a townhouse on Fifth Avenue, New York City. Her mother was Jay Cooke's granddaughter and Charles D. Barney's daughter. Her brother was William Barclay Harding (1907–1967), chairman of the board of Smith, Barney and Co. She debuted into society aged 18 in 1920 at the Plaza Hotel, accompanied by Wilmarth Sheldon Lewis.
Harding was invited to a dance hosted by Anne Harriman Vanderbilt in 1921, confirming her position among American high society. Harding's sister, Cammie, married polo player Lorillard Suffern Tailer.
Harding attended Miss Porter's School but did not go to college. In 1967, Monmouth College awarded Harding with an honorary degree of doctor in humane letters.
Career.
In summer 1929, Harding began work with the Berkshire Players in Stockbridge, New York, performing W. Somerset Maugham's "Caroline". The cast included a young James Cagney and Jane Wyatt. In autumn, she joined the Dramatic League of Chicago, performing "Thunder in the Air". After the press wrote that "an heiress to a seven-million-dollar fortune" was working with the company, she quit. "I do not want any publicity," she said: "I want my work to be judged on nothing but merit. I simply will not have people come to stare at me because they have found out who I am." She returned to the Berkshire Players, where she became friends with Hepburn.
About this time, Harding met Hepburn when they were students of voice instructor Frances Robinson-Duff in New York City. At Robinson-Duff’s suggestion, they both accepted work at the Berkshire Playhouse and became close friends. The pair rented a Victorian house on Devon Road in the upstate town of Lee, New York, that was owned by Edward C. Bradley, and became close to Bradley's daughters.
In 1930 Hepburn and Harding worked together in James M. Barrie's "The Admirable Crichton", playing Lady Agatha and Lady Catherine respectively. The play was directed by a young Alexander Kirkland, an associate of Eva Le Gallienne.
The press began calling Harding "Katharine Hepburn's other half". The pair moved to the West Coast to launch Hepburn's Hollywood career, and Harding took care of Hepburn, including wardrobe design, acting as a press agent and negotiating with producers and directors. Harding once described herself facetiously as "Miss Hepburn's husband". Hers was the most private and enduring of all of Hepburn’s friendships with women. "I think it's fair to say," Hepburn later said, "that Laura Harding saved my life."
Harding introduced Hepburn to Leland Hayward, son of attorney Colonel William Hayward, who became Hepburn's lover and agent. Harding lived with Hepburn for four years and put her own career on hold, concentrating on Hepburn's. She later told friends this was the happiest time the pair spent together before Hepburn became famous.
During World War II Harding organized dances and parties for the National Guardsmen in Eatontown. She volunteered at the Stage Door Canteen in New York City.
She was president from 1954 to 1970 and chairman of the board from 1970 to 1974 of the MCOSS Nursing Services, a non-profit volunteer organization serving patients in Monmouth, Middlesex, and Ocean New Jersey counties. She campaigned to convert the Bendix plant in Red Bank, New Jersey, into a health center, subsequently named the Geraldine L. Thompson Building after the MCOSS founder.
In 1955 she was the assistant of Cecil Beaton, scenic designer for the Broadway production of "The Chalk Garden".
In 1968 Harding was named woman of the year by the Business and Professional Women's Clubs of Monmouth County. In 1971 the MCOSS Nursing Services set up the Laura Harding Scholarship fund to provide grants and loans for training nurses. In 1974 she received the Brotherhood Award from the American Conference of Christians and Jews.
In 1990 a medical center in Manasquan, New Jersey, was named in her honor, the Laura Harding Health Center, and her birthday, June 2, was declared Laura Harding Day in Monmouth County, New Jersey.
She was active in the Republican Party (she was the Republican Committeewoman of the 5th District in Holmdel) and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. She was vice-president of the Riverview Hospital's board, and president of the board of managers at the New Jersey Diagnostic Center in Menlo Park. She was a member of the Monmouth Park Charity Fund and on the board of the Old Monmouth Training Club and the Monmouth County SPCA.
Personal life.
After Hepburn's career took off, Harding lived at Beekman Place, New York, and owned the Bayonet Farm in Holmdel, New Jersey, which Hepburn regularly visited. Harding also owned a house in Mantoloking, New Jersey, which people mistook for being Hepburn's because of her frequent visits.
Harding was paired with society men like Wilmarth Lewis, a collector of Horace Walpole memorabilia, Carleton Burke, a polo player who lived in Berkeley Square, Los Angeles, and Fortune reporter Russell "Mitch" Davenport. Her close friends included Hope Williams, a fellow graduate of Miss Porter’s and a member of the Junior League, and her lover Mercedes de Acosta, Clifton Webb, Gertrude Lawrence, Guthrie McClintic and his wife Katharine Cornell, Lillie Messenger, a Hollywood talent scout, Philip Barry, Beatrice Lillie, Elsie Janis, Noël Coward, Eunice Stoddard, Cheryl Crawford and her lover, Dorothy Patten.
One of the last public appearances of Harding was at the premiere of "Rich and Famous", director George Cukor's last film, in 1981. Afterwards, Harding and Cukor attended a gala reception together.
Harding died on August 9, 1994, aged 92.
References.
Citations
Books

</doc>
<doc id="56902321" url="?curid=56902321" title="Conus pinedensis">
Conus pinedensis


</doc>
<doc id="56902322" url="?curid=56902322" title="Red Farm Military Cemetery">
Red Farm Military Cemetery

Red Farm Military Cemetery is a British military cemetery with fallen from the First World War, located in the Belgian village of Vlamertinge (Ypres). The cemetery is located about 2.9 km west of the village center, in the hamlet of Brandhoek. It was designed by Arthur Hutton and is maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission. With an area of only 172 m2, it is one of the smallest British cemeteries. The site is enclosed by a brick wall and is accessible via a grass path of 25 m. The Cross of Sacrifice is close to the entrance on the southern side. 49 dead are commemorated.

</doc>
<doc id="56902326" url="?curid=56902326" title="Death of Alexander Hamilton">
Death of Alexander Hamilton


</doc>
<doc id="56902334" url="?curid=56902334" title="Dentocorticium bicolor">
Dentocorticium bicolor

Dentocorticium bicolor is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae. It was originally described by Patric Henry Brabazon Talbot in 1948 as "Grandinia bicolor". The type was collected in the Pietermaritzburg district of Natal Province in South Africa, where it was found growing on dead wood. It has also been found in Australia, East Asia, North America, and South America. The fungus was transferred to genus "Dentocorticium" in 2018 by Karen Nakasone and Shuang-Hui He based on phylogenetic evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="56902338" url="?curid=56902338" title="Hageby BK">
Hageby BK


</doc>
<doc id="56902339" url="?curid=56902339" title="Conus purvisi">
Conus purvisi

Conus purvisi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to the Cape Verdes.

</doc>
<doc id="56902350" url="?curid=56902350" title="Minister of Environment (Finland)">
Minister of Environment (Finland)


</doc>
<doc id="56902353" url="?curid=56902353" title="Yakov Chernikov">
Yakov Chernikov


</doc>
<doc id="56902354" url="?curid=56902354" title="Dhani Bandhwali">
Dhani Bandhwali


</doc>
<doc id="56902358" url="?curid=56902358" title="Isola delle Bisce Lighthouse">
Isola delle Bisce Lighthouse

Isola delle Bisce Lighthouse () is an active lighthouse located on a 
small islet, from Capo Ferro Lighthouse, which make part of the Maddalena archipelago in the Strait of Bonifacio. The lighthouse guides the ships through the narrow "Canale delle Bisce"; the structure is situated in the municipality of Arzachena on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Description.
The lighthouse was built in 1935 and consists of a masonry tapered cylindrical tower, high, with balcony and lantern. The tower and the lantern are painted white, the balcony in green and the lantern dome in grey metallic. The light is positioned at above sea level and emits one green flash in a 3 seconds period visible up to a distance of . The lighthouse is completely automated, powered by a solar unit and managed by the Marina Militare with the identification code number 1148 E.F.

</doc>
<doc id="56902359" url="?curid=56902359" title="Iakov Chernikov">
Iakov Chernikov


</doc>
<doc id="56902363" url="?curid=56902363" title="Landys&amp;Gyr Wien">
Landys&amp;Gyr Wien


</doc>
<doc id="56902368" url="?curid=56902368" title="Iakov Chernikhov">
Iakov Chernikhov


</doc>
<doc id="56902370" url="?curid=56902370" title="Conus varandinhensis">
Conus varandinhensis


</doc>
<doc id="56902373" url="?curid=56902373" title="Warriston School">
Warriston School

Warriston School was an independent preparatory school for boys in Moffat, Scotland. From September 1963 the school catered for pupils from ages 9–18.
Warriston School was ultimately owned and run by Brian Larmour and his wife. Age group was from 10 to 18 years old. Warristonschool.com.
History.
Warriston School was established by F.W. Gardiner in 1899 and named after Archibald Johnston, Lord Warriston. The school was situated at 'Holmpark' in Ballplay Road and started with 5 boys. In 1932 Mr and Mrs Gardiner retired after 33 years.
In December 1919 Captain Ross Smith and his brother Keith, flying with two companions became the first people to fly from England to Australia. There were three Smith brothers educated at Warriston, Colin having fallen during the war. The Scotsman reported:
From 1932-1935 the Essex cricketer and Walker Cup golfer, Leonard Crawley, was the headmaster of Warriston. On 5 July 1933 Sir Jack Hobbs the Surrey and England cricketer played in a match at Warriston School sports grounds for an L.G. Crawley XI v H.B. Rowan XI. Hobbs and Crawley put on 140 for the first-wicket partnership but lost the match by 26 runs.
The Edinburgh Evening News reported in 1933 that the former Wales rugby union scrum-half D. E. A. Roberts was teaching at Warriston.
In April 1935 Crawley relinquished the headmastership of Warriston, but the school remained his property. Furthermore, a board of governors was appointed. The board included General Sir Archibald Cameron General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Scottish Command; Admiral J. E. Cameron, late Commander-in-Chief, Rosyth; Mr Angus Forsyth, hon. secretary of Old Warristonians; Dr Stanley Honeyman; Mr Finlay Ramage, W.S.; Mr G. B. Smith, headmaster Sedbergh School; Mr L. G. W. Wilkinson, chairman of the governors of Tynemouth School; and Mr Crawley. Crawley was succeeded as headmaster by Mr A.B. Carter.
On 13 July 1984 Warriston School was advertised for sale as a going concern in The Times by Arthur Young McClelland Moores and Co, Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="56902388" url="?curid=56902388" title="Stefano Tarolli">
Stefano Tarolli

Stefano Tarolli (born 18 August 1997) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Arezzo.
Club career.
On 1 February 2015, he joined Piacenza, on loan.
He made his Serie B debut for Foggia on 26 November 2017 in a game against Bari.
On 24 January 2019, he moved on another loan to Renate.
On 31 January 2020, he joined Serie D club Fidelis Andria.
On 28 September 2020 he signed with Serie C club Arezzo.

</doc>
<doc id="56902393" url="?curid=56902393" title="Tarek Atoui">
Tarek Atoui

Tarek Atoui (born 1980) is a contemporary artist and composer who is currently living in Paris. 
Based on research in music history and traditional music practices, his work reflects the notion of instrument, and how it interacts with listening, composing and performing.
Biography.
Tarek Atoui was born in Beirut, Lebanon in 1980. In 1998, he started composing electronic music and moved to France. In 2007, he worked as an artistic director at STEIM, a center for electronic performance arts in Amsterdam. In 2010, he performed his first solo exhibition titled "Un-drum 3" where he used his own body efforts to trigger sound effects. Since then, Tarek Atoui explored the possibilities of sound experimentation all over the world through his solo exhibitions, and in collaboration with sound artists, composers and instrument makers.
Selected works.
The "Reverse Collection" (2014-2016).
The "Reverse Collection" is an ensemble of instruments that has been conceived in several steps. The project started with the "Dahlem Sessions" during the 8th Berlin Biennale in 2014, when Atoui invited musicians to improvise on historical instruments from the collection of the ethnological museum in Berlin. Next, the recordings from these performances were passed on to instrument makers to develop new instruments that would allow the recreation of these sounds. Eight instruments were constructed and exhibited in Mexico City at kurimanzutto in 2014, resulting in several performances and new compositions, called the "Reverse Sessions". The third and last step was presented as "Reverse Collection" in 2016 at Tate Modern in London with a new generation of ten instruments. The collection was activated in several performances which Atoui recorded. It was completed by a multichannel sound work in the exhibition space that was evolving over the whole duration of the show and allowing multiple associations between object, sound, space and performance. In an interview with Nadine Khalil for Ocula Magazine, the artist described how the work was involved 'with how objects, shapes, and functions could change with oral transmission.'
"WITHIN" (2016).
For his project "WITHIN", Tarek Atoui has been working with people who are deaf and hard of hearing since 2012. The project aims to explore the modes of tactile, physical, gestural and visual sound perception, and develop instruments that can be played by deaf as well as by hearing people.
"WITHIN" questions the act of listening and the way instruments are built, conduct composition and improvisation, write scores and relate to an audience. The project was initiated in 2012 and has since then been enriched by the contribution of the curatorial duo Council. "WITHIN" evolved at the Sharjah Biennale (2013), the Berkeley Art Museum, the Experimental Music and Performing Art Center - New-York (2015), ZKM - Karlsruhe (2016), the Bergen Assembly (2016), the Galerie Chantal Crousel - Paris (2017), Garage - Moscow (2018), the Favoriten Festival - Dortmund (2018), and the Printemps de Septembre - Toulouse (2018).
The resulting collection of instruments that has been developed in collaboration with deaf and non-deaf students and volunteers, instrument makers, software engineers, speaker designers, and art educators can be activated in workshops, rehearsals and performances, but also as sound installation replaying some of the past performance recordings and offering new sounds methods of apprehending sound.
"The Ground" (2017, ongoing).
"The Ground" is the result of Tarek Atoui's trips and investigations over the period of 5 years, around the agricultural environment of Pearl River Delta (Guangdong, China). This research resulted, in collaboration with musicians and instrument makers, in a series of instruments presented at Mirrored Gardens (Guangzhou, China) in 2017. Each instrument has its own approach of being activated and all together they can be played autonomously in different sound situations to be experienced individually by each listener.
Each presentation of "The Ground" is punctuated with invitations to musicians and composers to activate and play the instruments in an experimental conversation to find new musical gestures and enrich the soundscape.
In 2018 the project was presented in the exhibition "The Ground, from the Land to the Sea" at the NTU CCA Singapore. At this occasion a new series of porcelain and ceramic discs were created. The exhibition also featured selected instruments from The "Reverse Collection" and "WITHIN". Additionally, the presentation in Singapore offered the opportunity for Tarek Atoui to complete his sound collection "I/E" with recordings of the Singapore shores, local harbors and waterfronts in cooperation with Éric La Casa, composer and sound artist. In 2019 "The Ground" is presented at the 58th Venice Biennale, in the International Art Exhibition "May You Live In Interesting Times." For this exhibition, the instruments play autonomously in a composition constantly fed by their own sounds and vibrations, creating immersive soundscapes and engaging the act of listening. 

</doc>
<doc id="56902409" url="?curid=56902409" title="Graphium teredon">
Graphium teredon

Graphium teredon, the southern bluebottle or narrow banded bluebottle, is a species of swallowtail butterfly, that is found in south India and Sri Lanka.
Description.
Male and female. Upperside black, with similar markings to those in "Graphium sarpedon". Forewing with the transverse macular band generally much narrower, the upper spots being smaller and wider separated, and the lower portions mostly divided
by black veins; the band is composed of either eight or nine portions, the upper spot being sometimes absent, in both sexes from Sri Lanka and south India, the band being either at its narrowest or widest width, this spot—when present—is very small. Hindwing produced into a rather prominent tooth at end of upper median veinlet; the medial band mostly narrower than in "G. sarpedon".
Underside with the transverse bands as above. Hindwing with the subbasal crimson bar not inwardly bordered with black; other markings similar to "G. sarpedon".
Habitat.
"Graphium teredon" is primarily an inhabitant of moist, low-level rain forests (below 1600 m (5000 ft)). In these elevations it is usually seen flying just above the tree canopy.
Behaviour.
The males are known for their habit of feeding by the edges of puddles, often at the roadside. Occasionally, as many as eight will be seen at the same puddle. They have also been known to be attracted to animal droppings, carcasses and rotting insects.
It has been recorded as a migrant in South India and is known to mud-puddle during migration. The butterfly has been seen as comprising as much as 5% of the population of migrating butterflies during a 72-hour period in the Nilgiri hills.
The southern bluebottle is known for quick flight and rapid reactions. Consequently, it is difficult to catch.
Diet.
The adult common bluebottle feeds on nectar from a variety of flowering herbs. The larvae feed primarily on the leaves of trees in the families "Lauraceae", "Myrtaceae", "Sapotaceae", and "Rutaceae". In particular, "G. teredon" often feed on leaves of the cinnamon bark tree ("Cinnamomum zeylanicum") or of the Indian laurel ("Litsea sebifera").
The list of larval food plants also include "Alseodaphne semecarpifolia", "Cinnamomum camphora", "Cinnamomum macrocarpum", "Cinnamomum malabathrum", "Litsea chinensis", "Polyalthia longifolia", "Miliusa tomentosa", "Persea macrantha" and "Michelia doltospa".
Life cycle.
Egg.
The egg is yellowish, laid singly on the leaves of a host plant.
Larva.
When young, is black or dark green, with numerous spines; when full grown, it is green with a short spines on each thoracic segment and anal segment. There is a transverse yellow band on the 4th segment and a lateral band on the body. The caterpillar usually lies on the centre of a leaf on an upper surface. It is very sluggish and pupates near its feeding spot.
Frederic Moore quoted in Bingham, 1907, described it as: "Smooth, thickened from the second to the 5th segment and thence decreasing to the end; with two short subdorsal fleshy spines on the 4th segment, between which is a transverse pale yellow line, two shorter spines also on the 2nd and 3rd and two on the anal segment; colour green, with a longitudinal posterior lateral and lower pale yellowish line."
Pupa.
The pupa is green with a slender and pointed thoractic projection, yellowish wing cases and lateral bands. "Conical, truncated in front; thorax produced into a lengthened obtusely-pointed frontal process." (Frederic Moore quoted in Bingham, 1907)

</doc>
<doc id="56902419" url="?curid=56902419" title="Pseudorasbora pumila">
Pseudorasbora pumila

Pseudorasbora pumila, also known as the moroco, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="56902421" url="?curid=56902421" title="1892 United States presidential election in North Carolina">
1892 United States presidential election in North Carolina

The 1892 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. North Carolina voters chose 11 electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
North Carolina was won by the Democratic nominees, former President Grover Cleveland of New York and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="56902423" url="?curid=56902423" title="Aami Ashbo Phirey">
Aami Ashbo Phirey

Aami Ashbo Phirey (English: "I shall return") is a 2018 Bengali drama film directed by Anjan Dutt and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. The film stars Anjan Dutt, Kaushik Sen, Swastika Mukherjee, Anindya Chatterjee, Darshana Banik, Sauraseni Maitra, and Anjana Basu. Dutt collaborated on the music with his son Neel Dutt, who composed the music to his father's lyrics. The film was released on 13 April 2018.
Plot.
The film depicts the stories of four people who deal with pain and violence through music. All the stories are connected by a violent incident. The film also showcases the influence of virtual media on personal life in the modern era.
Production.
In January 2018, Shree Venkatesh Films announced 25 projects, among them was "Aami Ashbo Phirey". Director Anjan Dutt said in an interview that the film was an attempt to "look into my legacy of Bangla cinema, my literature, and tap the mainstream". Dutt collaborated on the music with his son, Neel Dutt, who composed the music to his father's lyrics. The two had previously worked together on a film 11 years earlier. This was also Dutt's second collaboration with Parno Mittra, with whom he had worked in 2011 on "Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona". It was Dutt's first collaboration with Swastika Mukherjee.
Music.
Dutt has admitted that he always preferred making musical films. The film features "songs of an unknown, unheard young singer/songwriter" which impact the lives of four characters. "The Times of India" stated that the film's songs give "the feel of classic Anjan [Dutt] songs that once broke stereotypes regularly".
Release and reception.
The official trailer of the film was released on 12 February 2018. The film released on 13 April 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56902431" url="?curid=56902431" title="List of Nu Sigma Nu Medical Fraternity chapters">
List of Nu Sigma Nu Medical Fraternity chapters


</doc>
<doc id="56902433" url="?curid=56902433" title="Grupo IFA Granollers">
Grupo IFA Granollers


</doc>
<doc id="56902437" url="?curid=56902437" title="Hughmilleriid">
Hughmilleriid


</doc>
<doc id="56902438" url="?curid=56902438" title="Conus dangdami">
Conus dangdami

Conus dangdami is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56902445" url="?curid=56902445" title="EA-4056">
EA-4056

EA-4056 is a deadly carbamate nerve agent. It is lethal because it inhibits acetylcholinesterase. Inhibition causes an overly high accumulation of acetylcholine between the nerve and muscle cells. This paralyzes the muscles by preventing their relaxation. The paralyzed muscles includes the muscles used for breathing.
Patent assigned to US Army for EA-4056 among other similar nerve agents was filed in December 7, 1967.
Lethality.
Carbamates like EA-4056 are well absorbed by the lungs, gastrointestinal tracts, and the skin. Signs and symptoms from exposure to such carbamates are similar to other nerve agents. In general their penetration through the blood-brain barrier is difficult due to quaternary nitrogens in these molecules. Despite this, EA-4056 is claimed to be about three times more toxic than VX (another nerve agent). For VX, the median lethal dose (LD50) for 70 kg men via exposure to the skin is estimated to be 10 mg, and the lethal concentration time (LCt50), measuring the concentration of the vapor per length of time exposed, is estimated to be 30–50 mg·min/m3. These values for EA-4056 can be estimated to be 3.3 mg and 10–16.7 mg·min/m3 by division.
Intravenous LD50 for EA-4056 is 0.0011 mg/kg for mice and 0.0027 mg/kg for rabbits.
Properties.
EA-4056's CAS is 110913-96-7, mass 732.6 g/mol, melting point 100–105 °C, and it is soluble in water and alcohols. It is a crystalline solid. EA-4056 evaporates slowly in to the air; thus it can be classified as being extremely persistent in the environment if any possible effects of external factors like sun light and water (air humidity) upon it are neglected. Various other salts than just bromine salts have been reported.
Synthesis.
2-dimethylaminomethyl-3-dimethylcarbamoxypyridine precursor is prepared. It is made via Mannich reaction by using 3-pyridol (CAS 109-00-2), dimethylamine and formaldehyde. Resulting 2-((Dimethylamino)methyl)pyridin-3-ol (CAS 2168-13-0) is then carbamoylated with dimethylcarbamoyl chloride. For a different product other secondary amines than dimethylamine can be used; such as those containing methyl, ethyl, propyl, isopropyl, butyl and benzyl groups.
2 moles of 2-dimethylaminomethyl-3-dimethylcarbamoxypyridine and app. 1 mol α,ω-dihaloalkane (e.g. 1,9-dibromononane in this case) in acetonitrile is heated on a steam bath for 6 hours. It is then allowed to stand overnight at room temperature. The crystalline product is collected by filtration and then triturated with acetone. If no solid separates, ethyl acetate is added to precipitate the crude product. The product is then dissolved in hot ethanol and treated with decolorizing charcoal. Ethyl acetate is added to the filtered solution to precipitate the crystalline product. E-4056 product is then collected and dried. Yield is 95%.
Other stable salts of EA-4056 than bromide can be made such as sulfate, nitrate, hydrogen, oxalate and perchlorate. Other α,ω-dihaloalkanes can be used to obtain similar molecules with different carbon chain lengths.

</doc>
<doc id="56902452" url="?curid=56902452" title="Wallace Oates">
Wallace Oates


</doc>
<doc id="56902453" url="?curid=56902453" title="Hella Electronics">
Hella Electronics


</doc>
<doc id="56902461" url="?curid=56902461" title="Conus ngocngai">
Conus ngocngai

Conus ngocngai is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
These snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans.
Description.
The length of the shell attains 83 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species of cone snail is endemic to Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="56902464" url="?curid=56902464" title="2018 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
2018 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 2018 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill as a member of Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) during the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Tar Heels were led by seventh-year head coach Larry Fedora and played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium. They finished the season 2–9 overall and 1–7 in ACC play to place last out of seven teams in the Coastal Division.
On November 25, one day after the conclusion of the season, Fedora was fired. He finished at North Carolina with a seven year record of 45–43. On November 27, the school rehired Mack Brown, who had previously helmed the program from 1988 to 1997, as head coach.
Previous season.
The Tar Heels finished the 2017 season 3–9 overall and 1–7 in ACC play to place last in the Coastal Division.
Preseason.
ACC media poll.
The ACC media poll was released on July 24, 2018.
Schedule.
The Tar Heels' schedule was released on January 17, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56902466" url="?curid=56902466" title="Hatrans Haaksbergen">
Hatrans Haaksbergen


</doc>
<doc id="56902471" url="?curid=56902471" title="Ami Ashbo Phire">
Ami Ashbo Phire


</doc>
<doc id="56902472" url="?curid=56902472" title="Permalens Haaksbergen">
Permalens Haaksbergen


</doc>
<doc id="56902478" url="?curid=56902478" title="Zac &amp; Mia">
Zac &amp; Mia

Zac &amp; Mia is an Australian young adult novel written by A.J. Betts. The book was released on 24 July 2013.
Background.
Betts started writing the novel in 2009 after working on a cancer ward in a children's hospital. Betts' main inspiration was a young woman named Tayla, who died suddenly. She later continued writing when Tayla's mother encouraged her to continue. Betts' main job previously was being an English teacher.
Plot.
The novel follows seventeen-year-old Zac Meier as he undergoes treatment for Non hodgkins lymphoma in Perth, Western Australia. He meets Mia, a fellow cancer patient in the adjacent room, and the two quickly form a connection.
Structure.
The novel is divided into three sections, "Zac", "and", and "Mia". Several critics have noted similarities between the book and "The Fault in Our Stars".
Reception.
"The Australian" praised the book, calling it "warm and uplifting". "Australian Book Review" praised the use of the book's three-part format. "The Guardian" also praised the format but criticised Mia's character. "Hypable", in a positive review, labelled the book "much more than your standard YA cancer novel", and called the multiple perspectives of the narrative "beautifully written".
TV series.
The book was adapted into a web series by AwesomenessTV, which premiered on 7 November 2017 on go90. Anne Winters plays Mia, and Kian Lawley plays Zac. The series was renewed for a second season following a "strong fan response". The series was nominated for six Daytime Emmys in 2018, winning two including Outstanding Writing in a Digital Drama Series and Outstanding Lead Actress in a Digital Daytime Drama Series for Winters The second season was released on Hulu in February 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56902479" url="?curid=56902479" title="Petra Urbánková">
Petra Urbánková

Petra Urbankova (born 26 October 1991) is a Czech track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 metres and 200 metres. Urbánková was runner-up at the 100 metres at the Czech Athletics Championships in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="56902485" url="?curid=56902485" title="Girls (EXO-CBX EP)">
Girls (EXO-CBX EP)


</doc>
<doc id="56902487" url="?curid=56902487" title="Santo Domingo, Venezuela">
Santo Domingo, Venezuela


</doc>
<doc id="56902493" url="?curid=56902493" title="2019 Women's Ice Hockey World Championships">
2019 Women's Ice Hockey World Championships

The 2019 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships was the 21st such event hosted by the International Ice Hockey Federation. Teams participated at several levels of competition. The competition also served as qualifications for the 2020 competition.
Championship (Top Division).
The tournament was held in Espoo, Finland from 4 to 14 April 2019, and for the first time had ten nations participating.
Division I.
Group A.
The Group A tournament was held in Budapest, Hungary from 7 to 13 April 2019.
Group B.
The Group B tournament was held in Beijing, China from 6 to 12 April 2019.
Division II.
Group A.
The Group A tournament was held in Dumfries, Great Britain from 2 to 8 April 2019.
Group B.
The Group B tournament was held in Brașov, Romania from 1 to 7 April 2019.
Division B Qualification.
The Group B qualification tournament was held in Cape Town, South Africa from 13 to 18 January 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56902500" url="?curid=56902500" title="Stop the violence (disambiguation)">
Stop the violence (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56902503" url="?curid=56902503" title="Santo Domingo, Mérida">
Santo Domingo, Mérida

Santo Domingo, alternatively known as Santo Domingo del Mérida, is a city in Venezuela, located in Mérida. It is the municipal seat of Cardenal Quintero Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="56902510" url="?curid=56902510" title="Key West, Florida">
Key West, Florida


</doc>
<doc id="56902515" url="?curid=56902515" title="Johannes Müller (theologian)">
Johannes Müller (theologian)

Johannes Müller (19 April 1864 – 4 January 1949) was an unconventional German Protestant theologian.
Life.
Provenance and early years.
Johannes Müller was born in Riesa, a small town located a short distance down-river from Dresden. He was born into a revivalist family. His parents had met in a pietist community.
His father, Johann Gottfried Lobegott Müller (1833–1905), was a school master and also a cantor and an organist. His paternal grandfather was another school master. His mother, born Christiane Friedericke Dölitzsch (1833–93), came from a farming family in nearby . Between the ages of four and nine Johannes Müller was struck down with Poliomyelitis, becoming completely paralysed and confined to his bed when he was seven. However, after the doctors had given up any hope of improvement in his condition he did, slowly, recover. He later described his years of debilitating childhood illness as particularly happy and powerfully formative in terms of an ability to absorb information and impressions. When he was twelve he went to live with his grandparents in Dresden where he attended secondary school.
Student years.
Müller moved on to study philosophy and Lutheran theology at Leipzig University in 1884. His tutors included Franz Delitzsch. He also studied as a student at Erlangen University where he became a member of a Wingolf student fraternity. In 1890 he received his doctorate in philosophy. His attempt to gain a doctorate in theology the following year failed on account of profound theological differences with his assessors at the Leipzig University Faculty of Theology, however. In 1889 he became Mission Secretary of the , as the organisation was known at that time. He presented a proposal that its proselytising highighting individual Jewish sages should be replaced with a peoples' mission which would provide for the recognition of Israel as a single overarching entity in unity with Jesus as Messiah. He drew inspiration from the ideas of Joseph Rabinowitz. The management committee were not persuaded, however, and at the end of 1892 Johannes Müller's resignation was accepted.
After the unconventional conclusion to his university career, Müller showed himself to be largely unencumbered by the traditional boundaries of theological belief, giving stimulating public talks on questions of faith and life in ways that managed to fill lecture halls in Germany and nearby countries. Conventional church teaching held that nature was the well-spring of sin and immorality. Having identified and defined his target in this way, Müller went on to reject it as cold-hearted and anti-life ("gefühlskalt und lebensfeindlich"). He condemned "aloof" thought, incorporating, some believed, the language of "gutter antisemitism" in his presentations.
Printing years.
Müller's adolescence and student years furnished him with a powerful but in many ways representative "fin de siècle" intellect. In the end he would publish more than 40 books. Soon he was filling 1,000 seat evangelical halls with his perorations, and in 1897 he teamed up with Heinrich Lhotzky to publish his own journal, the periodical "Blätter zur Pflege des persönlichen Lebens" ("Pages on taking care of the individual life"). It was renamed "Grünen Blätter" ("Green leaves/pages") in 1914 (and then withdrawn in 1941 due to paper shortages). Müller's many written pieces are today sometimes seen in the wider context of the so-called as foreshadowing the political antisemitism that led to the Holocaust. With his continuing high-profile public activity as a "religious intellectual", he campaigned for a new free Christianity, and it was this that provided a personal justification for his own freelance existence. His ideas were translated into several languages and found a resonance with many educated fellow citizens, with the "unchurched educated" ("entkirchlichten Gebildeten"), and with adherents of who were engaged in reinventing Christianity for a modern industrial age.
He was in close personal contact with Heinrich Diesman (1863–1927), a "populist" theoretician. He engaged with the newly fashionable branch of science known as Eugenics, and the application in literature and philosophy of the "degeneration phenomena". Müller bemoaned a "direct national danger" predicated on the decline in marriage among educated circles. Women would thereby remain deprived of the fulfillment of their "central role as women" ("ihres ... eigentlichen Frauenberufs"). Massive immigration from Poland, Russia and Bohemia was degrading "our nation". What remained unexplained for Müller and his readers was the way that a "heightened sensitivity to the upheavals of modernity, a turbocharged vitality, and possibly even genius religiosity, alongside a number of liberal convictions, could go hand in hand with a brazenly populist ideology. After 1918, Müller shared the conviction, widespread among political conservatives, that the Weimar policies and constitutional structure lacked legitimacy. His critics imply that it was only the régime change of 1933 that addressed those concerns, although others point out that prior to that point Johannes Müller had "ignored completely" Adolf Hitler and his movement.
From Mainberg to Elmau.
In 1903 Müller and Heinrich Lhotzky set up a "care home for personal life" ("Pflegestätte persönlichen Lebens") in at Schweinfurt in the hill-country east of Frankfurt. The centre became a meeting point for their readers and friends. Support came from a wide and disparate range of backers, reflecting Müller's public profile at the time. They included the cookie magnate, Hermann Bahlsen, the , Elsa von Michael, the Count of Solms-Laubach, , later known as a lawyer for right-wing extremists. Others were the Social Democrat politician , the future resistance fighter Elisabeth von Thadden, the musician Wilhelm Kempff, the politician , the publisher along with the literary polymaths and Korfiz Holm. The castle had been placed at Müller's disposal by the industrialist Alexander Erbslöh, a friend who had been persuaded to buy it for the purpose. In 1912 it was recorded that the average stay at the establishment lasted for 13.7 days. Müller introduced special one-week seminar sessions at reduced price for students: the next year the same deal was made available to theologians and teachers. Some stayed for as long as two months. However, Alexander Erbslöh now declined to provide further funding, while at the same time Müller received an undertaking of substantial financial support from Elsa von Michael, generally known to posterity by her subsequent title as Elsa Countess of Waldersee. She was a daughter of the fabulously wealthy . The result was that in 1912 Johannes Müller acquired the run-down Elmau estate, hidden away at the end of a long lane in the mountains between Partenkirchen and Mittenwald, and located barely twenty kilometers to the east of Germany's highest mountain peak.
By a fortunate coincidence Johannes Müller had a brother-in-law called Carl Sattler who worked in Munich as an architect. The two men worked together to design and develop an elaborate sanatorium-like retreat 
in the fashionable style at the Elmau site. Completed in 1916, financed by Elsa, Countess of Waldersee, this became Schloss Elmau. Max von Baden, a well-connected aristocrat-politician who on at least one occasion described Johannes Müller as his spiritual guide, and who later (briefly) became Chancellor of the German Empire, presided over the opening ceremony. At Elmau, Müller created a "Sanctuary of Personal Life" ("Freistätte persönlichen Lebens") where he hoped to be able to help lead "people of today" ("„Menschen von heute") along a path the nature of which corresponded to the meaning of Jesus' ethics. Teaching and daily life at Elmau involved a "believers' community", German folk dance, healthy food, chamber music concerts and the transcending of class and class boundaries. The extensive provision of music, in particular, had a powerfully curative effect on guests who came in search not necessarily of theological enlightenment, but hoping to find, from the music and the strikingly beautiful natural surroundings, a measure of relief from the intolerable stresses presented by daily life.
Unimaginably destructive war had broken out in July in 1914. Müller talked up the war as "Crisis of Healing" ("Heilkrise") which would confront humanity with the bankruptcy of its civilisation and awaken it from vacuousness ("aus ihrer Wesenlosigheit"). That the Germans stood alone against the whole world, with a superior shared spirituality and in a just cause, demonstrated in his own eyes that Müller was God's preferred device, to lead in the new age, and to resolve the matter of the pacifists through national victory. Müller himself became something of a semi-permanent fixture at Schloss Elmau (which, especially in wartime, was physically cut off from roads and population centres) in a way he never had at Schloss Mainberg. Young women were employed without payment to work as domestic assistants: some found themselves husbands from among the guests.
One of Johannes Müller's closest friends was the heir to the Grand Duchy of Baden (and at this time a close friend of Cosima Wagner) Max von Baden, who hoped that Müller might cure his anxiety attacks and help him overcome his perceived emotional isolation. Another intimate was the monarchist-theologian Adolf von Harnack. Schloss Elmau guests also included Maurus Gerner-Beuerle, later a longstanding at Bremen, Eivind Berggrav who subsequently became the Bishop of Oslo and the writer Erich Ebermayer. It w|s at the recommendation of Adolf von Harnack that in 1917 the Theology Faculty at Berlin University conferred an honorary doctorate on Johannes Müller.
War ended in military defeat in 1918 to be followed in rapid succession by the abdication of Wilhelm II, a rash of revolutionary uprisings across the country, the establishment of a new republican government structure, currency collapse and years of economic hardship. Travel was no longer so difficult and Johannes Müller embarked on a succession of lecture tours, including in his itineraries Norway, Sweden, Hungary, the Netherlands and Denmark. He resigned from the Pan-German League in 1919.
Nazi years.
The Nazi Party took power in January 1933 and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship. Sources differ in their attempts to evaluate and summarise Johannes Müller's attitude to the Nazi régime. Müller said and wrote a lot: quotations from him can be adduced in support of more than one set of conclusions. Until the early 1930s he was able simply to ignore the Nazis. But at the time of the régime change he was impressed by Adolf Hitler. "I oppose fascism as a permanent part of the national constitution," he wrote, "but not if the hand of destiny sends the nation the gift of a leader" (""Ich bin gegen den Faschismus als ständige Verfassung, aber nicht als Schicksal und Gnade der Vorsehung, wenn sie der Nation einen Führer schenkt""). He was able to see the Nazi power seizure as a triumph for "common interest over individual interests" ("... des Gemeinnutzes über den Eigennutz"). On the other hand, he unequivocally condemned the state-sponsored persecution of Jewish citizens as a "disgrace to Germany" ("... Schande für Deutschland"), that made him "blush in shame" ("Schamesröte ins Gesicht treibe").
The respected commentator Ricarda Huch wrote in outrage that after initially distancing himself from Hitler, Müller had not merely reversed his position but "given vent to a full throated Hosanna" ("brülle aus voller Kehle "). In a particularly enthusiastic outburst, referencing modern communications technology, he described Hitler as "the receptor of God's government and transmitter of the eternal rays" ("das Empfangsorgan für die Regierung Gottes und Sender der ewigen Strahlen"). In his 1934 work "Das Deutsche Wunder und die Kirche", Müller justified the violent church policies of the Nazis and their (in most respects supportive) German Christian ("Deutsche Christen") movement allies. He expressly backed church adoption and implementation of an Aryan paragraph. Although he was not directly involved in church politics, Müller was widely seen as "a kind of church teacher from the German Christian circle" (Georg Merz). In the Autumn/Fall of 1933 he undertook an official visit to Scandinavia in order to promote the Nazi state. The trip was organised by the "Staff of the ", the Propaganda Ministry and the Foreign Office.
Müller's outspoken rejection of Nazi antisemitism led to him being branded a "friend of Jews" ("Judenfreund"), and he became the target of a press smear campaign. According to one source he avoided arrest at this time only because the Bavarian Chancelry convinced the Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels that Müller's principled backing of German Jewry added a moral dimension, otherwise hard to discern among Nazi backers, which could be of benefit in terms of government image-building. From 1934/35 Müller nevertheless became a target of Gestapo surveillance and was subjected to a succession of interrogations. That Scandinavia trip he had undertaken on behalf of the authorities in the Autumn/Fall of 1933 would be his last trip of this nature. It is also striking that Schloss Elmau never became a holiday destination of choice for the Nazi elite, partly because it could not be construed as antisemitic in character and partly because Müller had banned use of the so-called Hitler greeting.
In 1942, three years after the outbreak of another war, Johannes Müller agreed to rent out Schloss Elmau to the army for use as a convalescence establishment for soldiers returning from the front line. This avoided the threat that the estate might be requisitioned for personal use by Göring or Himmler. A year later a demand came through from the commander at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp that Johannes Müller should be arrested "for seriously degrading [the national war effort] while pretending to be a respectable citizen" ("wegen schwerer Zersetzungsarbeit unter dem Deckmantel des Biedermannes"). It turned out that Müller had been named by a prisoner under interrogation. However, Johannes Müller was not arrested presumably because his reputation remained sufficiently intact, and probably supported by an intervention from the Interior Minister, Wilhelm Frick (who had himself never even visited Schloss Elmau).
After the war.
War ended in May 1945 with the western two thirds of Germany divided into four military occupation zones. Bavaria was occupied by the United States Army. In 1946 Johannes Müller faced a form of trial before , the Bavarian Commissioner on race-based, religious and political persecution. Because of his "Eulogising of Hitler in speech and writing" ("Verherrlichung von Hitler in Wort und Schrift") Müller, now over 80, was "convicted" as a serious war criminal ("als "Hauptschuldiger""). The verdict was contentious because Müller had never been a member of the Nazi Party member and had not been militarily involved which appeared to mean that there was no legal basis for conviction. A related application that Schloss Elmau should be confiscated failed, initially because Elsa Countess of Waldersee, who was still a part owner of it, refused to sell her share. Müller declined to defend himself before the commissioner, but the permanent expropriation of Schloss Elmau was not carried through. Müller did open accepted that he had been in error in his assessment of Hitler and he distanced himself from National Socialism, but in other respects he stood by his "teaching".
Having avoided confiscation during the Nazi period, Schloss Elmau was physically seized in 1945 by the US army. In 1947 it was transferred to a commissioner of the Bavarian government and, at the suggestion of Dr.Henri Heitan, used as a sanatorium/convalescence home for displaced persons and other holocaust survivors till 1951. Meanwhile, Johannes Müller died there on 4 January 1949. After 1951 his heirs recovered possession of the estate. Sources are inconsistent as to whether they successfully sued the Bavarian government in 1951 to recover ownership of the family property, or whether they merely possess it as lease-holders. In any event, Schloss Elmau continues to be managed by Müller's descendants as a "Luxury Spa &amp; Cultural Hideaway Hotel".
Personal.
Johannes Müller was married three times.

</doc>
<doc id="56902516" url="?curid=56902516" title="Ines G. Županov">
Ines G. Županov

Ines G. Županov (born 1955) is a Croatian historian and Indologist. She is a director of the "Centre d’études de l’Inde et de l’Asie du Sud" and a research fellow at the CNRS, Paris.
She is known for her investigation of Christian and Hindu religious interactions in South Asia. In particular, she has researched the Jesuit missions in Portuguese India, their efforts to translate religious texts into local languages and the resultant linguistic and social transformations of the Indians.
Life.
Ines G. Županov was born in Zagreb, Yugoslavia, in 1955. She graduated from the University of Zagreb with a degree in comparative literature and Indology in 1979. Her master's (1986) and doctoral degrees (1991) were from the University of California, Berkeley.
Research.
Evangelism in India.
Županov has suggested that Portuguese missionaries felt that there was an intrinsic geographical character to India that resisted evangelism and led to paganism. This resistance also contaminated European Christians and caused the meanings of the gospels to be inverted.
She showed that 16th century Jesuit missions in India adopted a calibrated approach to the conversion of Indians to Christianity. Instead of a complete conversion to "European" Christianity, they first translated, with Indian interpreters, key texts into local languages. They abandoned an insistence on proselytising and sermonising in Portuguese, instead encouraging the administration of sacraments in Tamil. This established a society of Indian believers who were then able to organise and fund religious charities and practices, thereby indigenising the faith. Ironically, the translation of Christian works into Tamil by the Jesuits and their interpreters included the rejection of colonial policies. The Jesuits' efforts caused a gradual revolt against the Portuguese language and, eventually, against Portuguese Christian domination.
One of the "accommodative" Jesuit missions was that of Roberto de Nobili, whose evangelism extended deep into the Tamil country. Among his efforts was the attempt to remove the stigmatic name "Parangi" given by the Tamilians to the Europeans and their converts, a word that originated from "farangi" (meaning "foreign") but also given to low-caste people for their habit of drinking alcohol. While the Jesuits strove to evangelise on the basis of "kinship, friendship, and locality", they did so by hiding Hindu signs within Christian ones; Nobili went further by pretending that Hindu rites were secular and thus not a religious threat to a converted Christian. However, this caused consternation in the Catholic church's hierarchy in Europe, which feared that the Indian Catholicism was becoming contaminated. Initially, such accommodative practices were approved by the Church, but were outlawed on the basis of sacrilege in 1703.
Tamil linguistics.
Jesuit missionaries began to make close investigations of south Indian languages in the sixteenth century. They determined that Tamil fitted sufficiently into the Latin and Greek linguistic model such that they were able to analyse and teach it using their standard methodology. The "Cartilha", published in 1554, compared the syntactic structures of Portuguese and Tamil. The authors found that Tamil was distant enough from the Classical languages that, according to Županov, the Portuguese consigned it and Tamil culture to a "barbarian" (or uncivilised) state, with an impoverished vocabulary. This view has been countered by others, suggesting that "outlandish" or "exotic" might be a better interpretation, as even dialectical differences from the standard were often called "barbarous".
By 1717, however, the Protestant evangelist and linguist Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg was to claim Tamil was "peculiar", in the sense of "distinctive", because its grammatical conjugation and declension was regular, and in terms of vocabulary, on par with Latin. This corresponds to Županov's assessment of another Jesuit, Henrique Henriques, who had compiled a Tamil grammar "Arte da Lingua Malabar" in 1549. 

</doc>
<doc id="56902525" url="?curid=56902525" title="2019 IndyCar Series">
2019 IndyCar Series

The 2019 NTT IndyCar Series was the 24th season of the IndyCar Series and the 108th official championship season of American open wheel racing. The premier event was the 2019 Indianapolis 500, with Will Power entering as the defending winner. Honda entered as the defending Manufacturers' Cup champion. Scott Dixon entered the season as the defending National Champion.
Josef Newgarden won his second Drivers' Championship, while Honda won the Manufacturers' Championship for the second year in a row. Rookie of the Year honors went to Felix Rosenqvist.
Contracted teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers have been announced to compete in the 2019 IndyCar Series season. All teams use a spec Dallara IR18 chassis and Firestone tires.
Team changes.
On September 19, 2018, it was announced that George Michael Steinbrenner IV's Steinbrenner Racing would join forces with Harding Racing to form a planned two-car operation under the name Harding Steinbrenner Racing. On February 11, it was revealed that the team's second engine lease was only for the Indianapolis 500.
Meyer Shank Racing, after running a 6-race schedule in 2018, expanded their season to 10 races in the 2019 season with driver Jack Harvey.
On October 17, 2018, it was announced that Ed Carpenter Racing and Scuderia Corsa would team up to field Ed Jones in all road and street course events and the Indianapolis 500.
On November 10, 2018 it was announced that McLaren Racing would return to the IndyCar Series at the 2019 Indianapolis 500 with Fernando Alonso behind the wheel. On November 26, 2018, it was revealed that McLaren's entry would be powered by Chevrolet.
On December 6, 2018 it was also announced that Harding Steinbrenner Racing will switch to Honda engines from 2019 season beyond after spending two seasons with Chevrolet engines.
On December 17, 2018, it was announced that DragonSpeed would make their IndyCar debut in 2019, in a 5-race program including the 2019 Indianapolis 500. The entry will be powered by Chevrolet and piloted by Ben Hanley, who will make his IndyCar debut along with the team.
On February 28, 2019, Dreyer &amp; Reinbold Racing announced that they would once again return to run the Indy 500, retaining driver Sage Karam for the fourth consecutive year. On April 22, the team announced that J. R. Hildebrand would return to drive for the team at the Indy 500 for the second year in a row, this time driving with the No. 48 to honor Dan Gurney.
Driver changes.
After both running the final race of the 2018 season at Sonoma with Harding Racing, 2018 Indy Lights champion Patricio O'Ward and runner-up Colton Herta were announced to run the full season with the new partnership of Harding Steinbrenner Racing. However, on February 11, O'Ward and HSR parted ways after the team was unable to support a full-season program for O'Ward. O'Ward later moved to Carlin where he will drive the No. 31 car in 13 races, including the Indianapolis 500 as the team's third entry as Charlie Kimball will race the No. 23 car at the event.
On September 28, 2018, Chip Ganassi Racing announced that they had signed Felix Rosenqvist to drive for the team during the 2019 season. He will replace Ed Jones in the No. 10 car.
On October 17, 2018, Ed Carpenter Racing announced Ed Jones would replace Jordan King driving the No. 20 car on road courses and street circuits. Jones will also drive the No. 63 car in the Indianapolis 500 as Ed Carpenter will continue driving the No. 20 car on ovals.
On October 30, 2018, Schmidt Peterson Motorsports announced that Formula One driver Marcus Ericsson would join the team for the 2019 season to replace the disabled Robert Wickens, though Ericsson will be racing the No. 7 car instead of Wickens' No. 6, which remains open if or "when he wants and is able to return".
On November 14, 2018, Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing announced that Jordan King would join the team for the Indianapolis 500.
On January 30, 2019, Andretti Autosport announced that Conor Daly would join the team for the Indianapolis 500. On August 8, 2019, Andretti Autosport announced that Daly would return to the team for the final race of the season at Laguna Seca.
On May 31, 2019, Trevor Carlin revealed that Patricio O'Ward would not be competing at the Iowa and Gateway rounds, but the second Carlin car would be run at those two events. In late June, Red Bull announced that O'Ward would be replacing Dan Ticktum at Team Mugen in Super Formula. With this move to another series, and well-known budgetary restrictions after his crash at Indianapolis, O'Ward's rookie IndyCar season was cut short after only 8 races. On July 2, Carlin announced that Sage Karam would take O'Ward's seat in the No. 31 car at Toronto, which was then extended to Iowa. On July 23, Carlin announced that RC Enerson would drive the No. 31 car for the round at Mid-Ohio. Charlie Kimball filled in the final two gaps in the schedule at Gateway and Portland, expanding his planned 5-race schedule to 7 races.
On June 4, 2019, Carlin announced that Max Chilton would not be competing in the last 4 oval events of the season at Texas, Iowa, Pocono, and Gateway. Conor Daly was announced as the driver of the No. 59 car at Texas on the same day, and the No. 59 car will continue to be run for the full season. It was announced on August 12 that Daly would compete in the last two oval races at Pocono and Gateway in the No. 59 car.
On August 29, 2019, it was announced that Marcus Ericsson had been called up by Alfa Romeo to be on reserve driver duty at the F1 race at Spa. Conor Daly was announced at the same time to be replacing Ericsson for the round at Portland.
Schedule.
All races were in the United States apart from the Toronto round.

</doc>
<doc id="56902527" url="?curid=56902527" title="Ka-Ching! (EXO-CBX song)">
Ka-Ching! (EXO-CBX song)


</doc>
<doc id="56902533" url="?curid=56902533" title="Battles in Penghu">
Battles in Penghu


</doc>
<doc id="56902541" url="?curid=56902541" title="Beghelli Bologna">
Beghelli Bologna


</doc>
<doc id="56902547" url="?curid=56902547" title="Educational inequality in Southeast Michigan">
Educational inequality in Southeast Michigan

Educational inequality has existed in the Southeast Michigan area of the United States since the birth of institutional, urban schooling in the US. Inequality between lower and higher class districts have perpetuated divisions in educational opportunities and outcomes between Michigan communities, especially areas in and around Detroit, the state's largest city. According to a report by the Kerner Commission from 1967, "spending per pupil in Detroit suburbs was 27% greater than in the city and that spending since World War II had risen more in the suburbs than in the city. (Kerner Report 1968, 435)." More recently, the economic decline of Detroit culminating in the 2013 Detroit bankruptcy has aggravated the educational tensions.
Since it is more common for people of color to be part of the less-affluent communities with fewer educational resources, the phenomenon has also perpetuated opportunity differences between races. The "Brown v. Board of Education" case of 1954, which banned racial segregation in public schools, did not end this form of educational inequality. The gaps in educational inequality and acquirement negatively affect residents' development into adulthood, specifically when it comes to employment between whites and blacks. According to a study, "In 2014, employed adult black men in metropolitan Detroit earned 56% as much as their white counterparts. In 2014, employed African American women earned 75% as much as white women. Racial differences in education account for a share of the racial gap in earnings."
Background: The impact of Detroit's collapse.
Previously home to the Ford Motor Industry, Detroit gained recognition as the country's pinnacle of a thriving domestic labor markets. In its peak, between 1900 and 1950, Detroit's population increased exponentially, encouraging healthy economy and overall quality of life. In current times, "Detroit ranks seventy-third in median income and dead last in the value of its owner-occupied houses. It is the only city in the nation where single parents head the majority of families. And Detroit is more segregated than any other major metropolitan area," according to the Michigan Historical Review. Being that Detroit was once the bustling capital, the hub of south-eastern Michigan economy, the fall of Detroit meant trouble for surrounding areas. Worsened economy meant compromised spending in school systems, especially those that were already less-funded in comparison to more affluent districts. Scholars explain that, "where people live impacts their access to opportunities. Moreover, the geographic distribution of opportunity is particularly important for children because it impacts their schooling experiences." Being that students in poorer communities were those of color, this increased the gap between educational opportunities for white and children of color in Michigan. Black students in particular were left behind when it came to their predominantly African American school. districts.Detroit’s schools, in the past, enrolled the majority of the state’s African American children. Those schools were viewed as so under-performing and poorly run that the state took them over in 1999. Then, in 2008, after many protested, the schools were returned to local control. Problems persisted, however, and in 2011 the state of Michigan took over again. The takeover did not improve achievement levels and generated new debts of about a half billion dollars. The state paid off those debts in 2016 and funded the creation of a new locally run school district (Gray 2016).Since 2016, Betsy DeVos proposed a solution which funded privately operated schools, making them more accessible to students rather than attending "failing" public schools; "State-equalized support for all students ended the situation in which funding for a student's instruction was directly linked to the tax base of the student's district." The plan encouraged more residents of color, and residents in general, to attend academically apt schools.
Impacts of race on educational inequality.
Detroit became the final destination of many African Americans involved in The Great Migration, most of whom moved into predominantly black neighborhoods; this demographic change in Michigan's population affected the degree of segregation in all aspects, including education. Un-welcomed into white communities, African American families were forced to send their children to lower quality schools within their poorer districts, affecting educational opportunity significantly. In 1974, US Supreme Court case Milliken v. Bradley dealt with educational inequality and the accessibility of education to students of color among 50 school districts in Southeast Michigan. In conjunction with the changes that "Brown v. Board of Education" implemented in 1954, this court case sought to discuss the organized, segregated bussing by public schools which perpetuated racial inequality in educational systems. The court ruled that schools were, "not obligated to desegregate unless it had been proven that the lines were drawn with racist intent on the part of the districts." See Milliken v. Bradley. In short, very little changed since no solution was addressed to combat district segregation, not included in racist segregation but also a major roadblock in terms of educational inequality. State decisions like these influenced educational standards by normalizing segregation and continue to impact education today.
Education in Southeast Michigan.
Literacy rates.
Detroit public schools have high illiteracy rates and low academic performance compared to cities across the United States; "eighth graders scored lowest in math and reading in the nation." According to the National Institute for Literacy, 47% (200,000) of adults in Detroit are functionally illiterate, and half of the 200,000 adults do not have a high school diploma or GED, showing that the lack of these skills learned in an academic setting is generationally embedded into different groups of society.
Mark Rosenbaum, a director of Public Counsel Opportunity Under Law, is concerned about the "mis-education" of America, claiming that the institution of public education constitutes a large range of inequality. Rosenbaum focuses on disadvantaged communities like Detroit, where not only almost half of the population are not functionally literate, but 40.3% also live in poverty. Little government interaction or solutions to this issue adds to the inequality of opportunity faced by public school students in Detroit, who are unable to access the education received by children who live just outside of Detroit in Livonia, Novi, or Ann Arbor.
Teacher vacancies, poor heating and cooling infrastructure, and lack of textbooks and materials are environmental features that contribute to the inequality of opportunity that exists in Detroit public schools, relating to low levels of academic achievement. This violates the constitutional rights of attending students. Public counsel and educational policy makers avoid resolving this matter as part of litigation processes, arguing that the state can't be held responsible for illiteracy.
Policy.
The state of Michigan passed a law to allow teachers without proper credentials to teach in classrooms; as a result, Detroit public schools have seen an increase in teachers who hold a bachelor's degree, but no certifications related to teaching.
Racial and socioeconomic inequalities that have been worsened by educational policy changes in the 21st century are not limited to any one intersection of identities. The Latino community in Detroit has voiced their concerns in response to the impacts of changes made to standardized testing and teacher assessments in public schools. These changes were made by the Obama administration in an attempt to hold schools, teachers, and students more accountable in hope of improving achievement scores.
70% of the students who identify as Latino are also defined as economically disadvantaged, and testing scores in 2012 show rates of less than 30% proficiency in all subjects tested, a common problem in Detroit public schools. Resistance efforts made by the youth of these communities communicate that policy reforms have created the need for more police enforcement, caused overcrowding, and under-resourced classrooms in certain schools, despite their intentions. Protests and walk-outs are some forms of backlash that students have used to demonstrate their frustrations in an attempt to communicate that the policies that may work for communities with different hardships and resources do not work for them.
School funding.
In Michigan, Proposal A was approved in 1994. It drastically changed funding method for public education and led to lower property taxes, reducing inequalities in per-pupil funding across local districts.
However, there are different effects among regions. In the south and west of the state, a greater percentage of local funding was supported by property tax revenues in 1989-90 than 2002–03. In addition, a smaller percentage of the total revenue was supported by the states, while that by deferral sources increased. After Proposal A was passed, less education revenue came from local sources such as local property taxes, while more came from foundation allowances from the state. This change in the sources of revenue consequently leveled the revenue across districts.
The number of students in public schools declined because families tried to search for jobs outside of the state just after the Great Recession. This outflow of workers and recession in Michigan decreased tax revenues that financially support the public schools. This downward trend has dramatically changed since 2009, and unemployment rates in Southeastern Michigan have improved from 16% in 2008 to less than 5% in 2017. This economic recovery contributed to an increase in tax revenues, and therefore it enhanced the budget for education in Michigan.
Inequality in funding.
In Michigan, the inequality in per-pupil based funding has decreased after Proposal A's passage. Before Proposal A was approved, 80% of Michigan school operating funds came from local property taxes. This funding structure was the main cause of unequal funding, because property values differed across local districts. After Proposal A passed, new funding sources such as state income taxes, sales taxes, and education property taxes created another $11 billion annual fund for public school districts, which decreased the disparities in funding across local districts. As a result, the vast majority of schools were funded within a significantly narrower range in 2009. According to the House Fiscal Agency, 80% of all districts (including charter public schools) receive between $7,100 and $7,400 per student through the foundation allowance formula; 94% fell between $7,100 and $8,500 in 2010. However, if the funding per pupil in each district is considered, there is a significant difference in Southeast Michigan districts. The table below shows that the revenue per pupil in Branch was more than three times higher than that of Wayne in 2005–06.
Impact on college education gap.
Educational inequality presents itself in the districts of Southeast Michigan as some provide exceptional schooling and opportunities while the others fall short; as a result, children in these less fortunate districts have been falling behind. According to Michigan Radio (NPR), lower-end schools receive less funding, less qualified teachers, and worse resources and infrastructure. Furthermore, turnover rates in less fortunate schools remain at an all-time high, with principals reporting the need to replace over 60% of her teachers each year. Thus resulting in either lacking numbers of teachers or less qualified teachers. These inferior educational environments are hindering the children's ability to be properly prepared to succeed in high school and continue on to college. As school districts are determined by geographical borders, the lower quality schools reside in the poorer neighborhoods. That being said, research shows that economically integrated schools will improve all children's success, creating greater opportunities to attain a college degree in the future. The "Detroit Free Press" claimed that the college graduation gap for low income students has reached an all-time high. Therefore, less fortunate children who attend schools in worse school districts have less of a chance to graduate college - thus significantly limiting their future opportunities. According to a database of the "Detroit Free Press", various districts in Michigan have a college enrollment rate of 90%, while others have a college enrollment rate of less than 5%. Therefore, of the thousands of children enrolled in less qualified schools, only a handful even enroll in college, with even fewer actually finishing college. As a result, the cycle of poverty and these unfortunate neighborhoods continue.
The Detroit Public Community Schools and the charter system.
Detroit Public Community School district is the site of the most significant federal school desegregation cases in U.S. history. The Supreme Court decision essentially reinforced racialized educational opportunities between suburban district's white students and black students in DPS. The Detroit Public Community School District replaced the prior Detroit Public Schools in 2016. Furthermore, Detroit's first school board in seven years was publicly seated in early 2017. Prior to this, the district had been under a plethora of government appointed emergency managers. Moody's investors service released a report in 2018 stating that “the Detroit Public School Community District (DPSCD) could also become a major drag on revitalization beyond downtown. Two years following a state rescue package, the district does not have the ability to address its significant capital needs.”
A charter school in Michigan is a state-supported public school operating under a contract issued by an authorizing body. Over half of the students in Detroit attend charter schools, thus, Detroit has the most for-profit charter schools in the nation. In 1994 charter schools first came into Detroit. Charter schools are held to the same standard for core curriculum as other public schools. Furthermore, “Charter school board members are public officials that have sworn a constitutional oath of office in Michigan,” according to the Michigan Department of Education. Charter schools shape the education market that is distinguished by surpassed capacity, policy-enabled choice across districts, and also with a need to fill seats or close instead. The Education Trust-Midwest's 2016 report on Michigan's charter sector states that 70% of Michigan's charters are composed of low-income minority students and they also sit at the bottom hap of the state's ranking.
Socioeconomic status.
Research indicates that children from low socioeconomic households and school districts develop academic skills and some life skills more slowly than children from higher socioeconomic groups, examples being language, memory, emotional processing, and even health in adulthood. This idea is also supported by the Summer Learning Gap phenomenon, represented in a graph that shows the achievement gap that grows between high and low income students after years in school. This finding has allowed researchers to make significant connections between schooling and income status: home life during the summer is a large part of educational inequality (family environment), school does not reduce inequality in learning, but also keeps it from growing.
Inequalities in school systems that stem from socioeconomic status are shown in Southeastern Michigan, and specifically in Wayne County (Detroit). As of 2016, Detroit's poverty rate was 35.7%, with a median household income of just over $28,000. Wayne County has the highest school dropout rate in Michigan, at 15%, which is also higher than the dropout rate in the United States in general, 13%. In Detroit, “10% of students are classified as homeless and 65% of our students qualified for free and reduced lunch in the 2016-17 school year.” When a student is living in poverty and has to focus on how to meet the most basic needs of life, it is nearly impossible to pay attention in school, let alone achieve high success in their classes. Thus, places with children from lower socioeconomic status homes will be impacted differently in school by standardization methods compared to places with students from wealthier homes.
Segregation in the Southeast areas of Michigan is very prevalent is the education system. In the city of Detroit, majority of the residents in the suburb area are predominantly white, while in the actual city majority of the residents are Black. This segregation creates lack of diversity in the schools in this area. Not only does this cause racial differences is these different districts, but also affects the quality of the school itself. Most of the city's wealth lies within the suburb areas in the cities, or the “white” neighborhoods. This allows for the wealthier districts to put more money into their schools, furthering the education of their students while other, less privileged schools get left behind. In the early 2000s Detroit lost at least 25% of their population, basically causing the economic downfall of the city while the “white neighborhoods” were still thriving. This left behind business owners that had no more customers, resulting in failed business and even more abandoned buildings on top of the buildings from people leaving their homes. This is just an example of what's happening in many different areas.
Community outreach programs.
Blueprint 2020.
Blueprint 2020 is a Detroit-based initiative focused on helping students to excel in school and have more career options afterward. The initiative has three main goals: access to harder curriculum and accelerated programs, career academies with different programs, and a college-ready student body through common core teachings and SAT prep classes. The program also focuses on creating well-rounded students with experience in the arts, athletics, and drama. The Superintendent of Detroit Public Schools Community District who helped create the initiative saw the struggle and gap that was appearing in students with a low socioeconomic background, and created this "blueprint" to try and make a change to better those students' lives.
New Economy Initiative.
Created for the greater Detroit area of Southeast Michigan, the New Economy Initiative (NEI) is a philanthropic program focused on helping and rebuilding the economy of the area by supporting local businesses. Partners which help funding and programming include the Michigan Economic Development Corporation through the state government in Lansing, the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and NextEnergy, a Detroit-based environmental organization. Since launching in 2007, the program has provided over $96.2 to small businesses and local entrepreneurs in the metro area.
Wayne County, which has significantly benefited from the NEI, has a high level of socioeconomic inequality, with the highest levels of poverty, but also some of the top wealthiest cities, according to some sources. Approximately $12,250 (70% of money given by NEI) has gone to Wayne County, with the hope of creating direct and indirect steady jobs (182 that directly went into the education sector). The average annual income accredited to NEI is $44,000 for each job. There is an achievement gap between low and high income parents, and while the jobs created by NEI are not in the higher brackets of income, the creation of jobs is still significant in increasing average family income. Other scholarly pieces, such as "Unequal Childhoods", a book by sociologist Annette Lareau, show the different parenting styles between low- and high-income houses.
The hope is that the NEI will help areas of all counties with less economic prosperity to close the existing wealth gap that is apparent is many of the regional public and private schools. However, some reports criticize the initiative because it does not report on the long-term health of the businesses it helps start.
Teach For America.
Work done by Teach For America in the Detroit area began in 2010. Beyond participating in the classroom, it has also been involved with community based learning events for inner-city students in the metro area, including an equestrian program for teaching students about horseback riding and horse care, book donations on Africa-American culture, and advocating for Latino students. The Detroit headquarters' website lists the average teacher's annual take-home salary, which was about $17,500 as of 2018, and the master's degree requirements to be a teacher in the program. The program is concerned that 81% of children from low income families do not graduate college by age 25.
While this program, and many others, have worked to lessen inequality in the region, inequality is still evident in figures from funding, achievement scores, and social mobility.
Social mobility.
According to the Equality of Opportunity Project, “Children's prospects of earning more than their parents have fallen from 90% to 50% over the past half century.” It is becoming increasingly difficult for children to earn more than their parents. Each additional year corresponds to a 1% decline in the number of American children who earn more than their parents. Therefore, if the level of education affects earning rates, children need to attain higher levels of education than their parents to earn similar to greater salaries than them.
Proficiency exam scores in Detroit public schools are extremely low in comparison to the rest of the county, as well as to adjacent counties. The lack of education in these areas lowers the chances of future success for local students. According to The RedPin, to achieve the "American Dream", one needs to make an income of around $42,000. People obtaining less education than an associate degree have little chance of attaining the American Dream. This differs when gender comes into play. The median income for men with associate degrees is $43,871, while women with associate degrees make substantially less at $27,122. These statistics reveal the severity of the gender inequality and pay gap that exist in the US. They also show that only men, and not women, with an associate degree, meet the margin for earning enough income to live the American Dream. At the next education level are surprising results. The median income for men with a bachelor's degree is $60,933, and only $40,003 for women with a bachelor's degree. Men with a bachelor's degree are able to attain the American Dream, while women with the same level of education fail to reach that income threshold. Inferring from this information, the average working woman in the United States needs to attain a higher level of education than a bachelor's degree, while the average working man only has to attain an associate degree to reach the American Dream.
In pockets within Southeast Michigan, high school graduation rates fluctuate between 78% and 96%. The highest high school dropout rates occur in the Detroit Public Schools Community District, and the lowest occur in Rochester Community Schools. The median household income for families living in the district of Rochester Community Schools is $80,806, while the median household income for families living in the Detroit Public Schools district is $26,127. The areas in Southeast Michigan with high median household incomes correspond to more high school graduates.

</doc>
<doc id="56902555" url="?curid=56902555" title="MythBusters (2018 season)">
MythBusters (2018 season)

The cast of the television series "MythBusters" perform experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like. This is a list of the various myths tested on the show as well as the results of the experiments (the myth is either busted, plausible, or confirmed). The 2018 season premiered on January 3, in a Wednesday time slot.
Episode overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56902560" url="?curid=56902560" title="Anton Paar">
Anton Paar

Anton Paar GmbH is an Austrian company based in Graz that develops, produces and sells analytical instruments for laboratories and process analytical technology. It also provides automation and robotics solutions. The company specializes in the production of instruments for measuring density, concentration, dissolved carbon dioxide, and in the fields of rheometry and material characterization. Many of Anton Paar's customers are beer and soft drink manufacturers as well as companies in the food, chemicals, and pharmaceutical industries.
History.
The company was founded in 1922 by master locksmith Anton Paar as a one-man repair workshop. He developed a good reputation and made initial contacts with universities and research institutions. He trained his daughter, Margareta Platzer, in the 1920s to become a skilled locksmith. In 1932, she became the first master locksmith in Styria. Her talent in precision mechanics and precision engineering, together with the knowledge of Otto Kratky, formed the basis of Anton Paar's first scientific analytical instrument: the Kratky X-ray small-angle camera.
From 1963 Ulrich Santner (* 27. August 1932, † 13. February 2020), the son-in-law of Margareta Platzer, took over the management. He laid the foundation for the company's future expansion in the field of metrology. He also intensified exchanges and contacts with universities and contributed to the transfer of new technologies from research to industry.
In 1997, his son-in-law Friedrich Santner joined the management. Since 2002 he is the sole managing director. The focus of his work was the organization of worldwide sales through his own subsidiaries. Under his leadership, new sales and service branches were founded and complementary metrology companies purchased.
In 2003, the family business was incorporated into a charitable foundation.
On February 12, 2018, Anton Paar acquired Quantachrome Instruments, a manufacturer of scientific instruments that specializes in the analysis of surface area, porosity, and density measurement.
In 2020, Friedrich Santner's sons became part of the management. Jakob Santner took over the position as CTO and Dominik Santner as COO, Friedrich Santner remains CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="56902564" url="?curid=56902564" title="Frances Mary Peard">
Frances Mary Peard

Frances Mary Peard (16 May 1835 – 5 October 1923) was an English author and traveller who wrote over 40 works of fiction for children or adults between 1867 and 1909. Most were domestic novels or short-story volumes, often historical in nature and set abroad.
Background.
Born in Exminster in Devon, the daughter of Commander George Shuldham Peard (1793–1837), a naval officer who went to the Arctic regions in search of Sir John Franklin, and Frances Cooke (née Ellicombe, 1805–1895), she was one of five siblings, of whom two died young. Her grandfather was Shuldham Peard and her uncle was John Whitehead Peard. Her older brother George Shuldham Peard (1829–1918) was a veteran of the Crimean War and likewise an author. With so many distinguished soldiers and sailors in her family it is not surprising that military themes and battles frequently appear in her stories. It appears that she was widely travelled, perhaps venturing as far as India, but in later life she lived in Torquay, Devon, with her mother.
Fiction.
Frances Peard wrote children's books for boys and girls and fiction for adults, all drawing on her travels abroad, especially in France and India. Her fiction for adults includes "Unawares" (1870); "The Rose-Garden" (1872); "Thorpe Regis" (1874); "Cartouche" (1878); "Schloss and Town" (1882); "The Asheldon School-Room" (1883); "Prentice Hugh" (1887); "The Blue Dragon"; "The Interloper"; "The Abbot's Bridge"; "Donna Teresa" (1899) and "Number One and Number Two" (1900). Her novel "The Ring from Jaipur" (1904) is rather more sober than its title, which suggests jewels and Far Eastern promise.
She also wrote for the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (SPCK) and was a friend of Christabel Rose Coleridge, Charlotte Mary Yonge and Edward Bulwer-Lytton, and in later life in Torquay of fellow novelist Anna Harriett Drury.
Death.
Peard died unmarried in Torquay in Devon in 1923. She left her estate of £15,276 0s 4d to her sister Helen Charlotte Peard. She is buried with her parents in the Church of St Martin of Tours, Exminster, Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="56902569" url="?curid=56902569" title="Win Myint (MP)">
Win Myint (MP)


</doc>
<doc id="56902573" url="?curid=56902573" title="Million Arthur">
Million Arthur

 is a Japanese media franchise created by Square Enix, consisting primarily of a series of video games. The first release was an online free-to-play card battle game titled , which was released for iOS and Android in 2012. A sequel game titled was released in Japan in November 2014.
An MMORPG titled was released in 2018. The TV anime adaptation of the game "Operation Han-Gyaku-Sei Million Arthur" premiered on October 25, 2018. The TV anime series is licensed in North America by Funimation.
Franchise.
Games.
Series titles.
The first game, an online free-to-play card battle game titled was released in 2012, written by Kazuma Kamachi. The title was ported to the Nintendo 3DS eShop in October 2014 with a new interface to match the systems two screens. An English language version of the game was released for Southeast Asia entitled "Magnificent Million Arthur". It was also ported to the PlayStation Vita with additional features including voice acting, gameplay changes and the ability of a player to edit their deck. Square Enix closed the game's Japanese servers in 2015. On July 14, 2015 it was released in Europe and North America by the South Korean publisher Gamevil. Servers for this release were closed on December 7 of that same year. 
A sequel game titled was released in Japan in November 2014. The service ended on September 30, 2020.
A virtual reality game titled was shown at the Tokyo Game Show in September 2016. It was released in Japan on May 25, 2017 for the PC via Steam, requiring an HTC Vive headset to play. A PlayStation VR version was released in Japan on September 28, 2017. Released in English-speaking countries as "Million Arthur VR: Character Command RPG", the PC version was released by Vive Studios in the United States and the Commonwealth nations (inc. the United Kingdom, Canada, Thailand, India, Australia and New Zealand) on October 12, 2017.
An arcade game called "Million Arthur: Arcana Blood" was developed by "Arcana Heart"’s developer Team Arcana, originally owned by Examu and released in Japan on November 21, 2017. A PlayStation 4 port was released on November 29, 2018 and was originally planned only for release in Japan. The game was later ported to PC and released worldwide on June 20, 2019. The plot revolves around many Arthurs armed with Excaliber blades fighting to become the true king. The roster of fighters features thirteen characters including faeries, clones, and guest fighters from other titles such as "King of Fighters XIV" and "Trials of Mana". During combat, players can have three supporting fighters at a time from a selection of thirty one.
An MMORPG titled was released in China for iOS and Android in March 2018 and released in Japan in November 2018. The MMO was terminated on September 30, 2019.
An action role-playing game titled was released for iOS and Android in Japan during October 2018. Players create characters who explore 3D terrains, fight monsters, and perform special attacks with other characters within a players party. The mobile service shut down on May 12, 2020.
Character Crossovers.
Million Arthur appeared in the 2015 role-playing game "Megadimension Neptunia VII" as a DLC character. But the character was removed from the Steam version of the game in January 2020. Thief (Tōzoku) Arthur appears as a guest DLC character in "". "Gestalt Odin" featured six characters from the series as guest fighters. Characters from others games have also appeared in the "Million Arthur" series, such as Iori Yagami from "The King of Fighters" series, who is both under his Miss X disguise and also a DLC in "Heroines", appears as a guest character in "Arcana Blood".
Live-action television.
A live-action television adaptation premiered on October 3, 2014.
Manga.
A 4-panel manga adaptation by Choboraunyopomi, titled , has been serialized within the "Million Arthur" games and via the Niconico Seiga website since 2012.
Anime.
An ONA adaptation of the "Jaku-San-Sei Million Arthur" manga premiered on November 20, 2015.
An anime television series adaptation of the "Han-Gyaku-Sei Million Arthur" MMORPG by J.C.Staff premiered on October 25, 2018 on Tokyo MX and other channels. It was announced that the series will be split-cour, with the second season airing in April 2019. The series is directed by Yōhei Suzuki and written by Tsuyoshi Tamai. Yoshinari Saito provides the character designs. The series' music is composed by Go Shiina and produced by Lantis. Genco is producing the series. The opening theme song is "Highlight" by Ayaka Ōhashi, and the ending theme song is "KI-te MI-te HIT PARADE!" by Himika Akaneya, Rie Takahashi, Nao Tōyama, Yū Serizawa, Suzuko Mimori, and Rina Hidaka under their character names. The second opening theme song is "Open the Worlds" by ORESAMA, and the second ending theme song is "Pearly×Party" by the voice actress unit Pearly Fairy.
Merchandise.
Square Enix announced that in mid-2021 they would be offering NFT's of comics and stickers from the "Million Arthur" series.
Common Elements.
The series is based around Arthurian legends and the blade Excalibur. Demons invade Britain, and while the countries eleven leaders quarrel, the protagonist Arthur draws the sword, becomes king of the dragons, and leads the countries defenses against the invaders. Other games take place in the fictional land of Camelot. "Kou-Kyou-Sei Million Arthur" takes place in Camelots' future where evil has conquered the land, and a girl named Merlin gathers new "Arthur's" to retake the kingdom.
Development and history.
The original game was written by Kazuma Kamachi, creator of "A Certain Magical Index", and over fifty illustrators created 170 playing cards for the title.
Reception.
Western reviews were generally unfavorable for the original "Million Arthur", with "Touch Arcade" praising the story and dialogue but blasted the passive and boring gameplay. "Gamezebo" applauded the art direction and the games unique premise but also criticized the battle system and the Japanese-only voiceover.

</doc>
<doc id="56902576" url="?curid=56902576" title="Jaku-San-Sei Million Arthur">
Jaku-San-Sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902579" url="?curid=56902579" title="Kaku-San-Sei Million Arthur">
Kaku-San-Sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902581" url="?curid=56902581" title="Han-Gyaku-Sei Million Arthur">
Han-Gyaku-Sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902587" url="?curid=56902587" title="STKRJ Katok 'B'">
STKRJ Katok 'B'

STKRJ Katok 'B' or Kampong Katok 'B', also known as STKRJ Mata-Mata, is a public housing estate in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei, about from the country's capital Bandar Seri Begawan. The total population was 6,108 in 2016. It is one of the estates for the Landless Indigenous Citizens' Housing Scheme (, STKRJ), a public housing programme for the country's indigenous citizens ().
Geography.
The estate is located in the central part of Brunei-Muara District, as well as in the outskirts of the municipal area of Bandar Seri Begawan and about from the capital's city centre. It neighbours Kampong Mata-Mata and Perpindahan Mata-Mata to the east.
It is one of the estates named after the village Kampong Katok, the other STKRJ Katok 'A'.
Administration.
For subdivision purposes, the estate is officially known as STKRJ Mata-Mata and has been divided into three areas and administered as villages:
Infrastructures.
Schools.
Katok 'B' Primary School is the estate's government primary school.
Other schools located in the area include:
However, their location address is often attributed to Kampong Katok, even though they are located outside of the village boundary.

</doc>
<doc id="56902589" url="?curid=56902589" title="Sholay Aur Toofan">
Sholay Aur Toofan

Sholay Aur Toofan is a 1994 Hindi action film of Bollywood directed by N. Paryani and produced by Mohan T. Gehani. This film was released on 4 March 1994 under the banner of Devi Films. Anand-Milind were the music directors of the film.
Plot.
This is a revenge story of a girl named Radha. Radha, Sita and Geeta are three sisters who live in a village with their mother. Sita is envious of her sisters and joins a bad gang, whereas Geeta becomes a police officer. Radha is gang-raped by four goons who are powerful and have connections with the head of police. Radha kills Pandit, one of the rapists, and her sister Geeta comes to arrest Radha, but she escapes from the police with the help of one Khan Baba. She meets some girls in the jungle who have also been victimised by those goons. Radha leads them and they take up arms to take revenge their enemies.

</doc>
<doc id="56902593" url="?curid=56902593" title="STKRJ Mata-Mata">
STKRJ Mata-Mata


</doc>
<doc id="56902594" url="?curid=56902594" title="Mata-Mata Landless Indigenous Citizens' Housing Scheme">
Mata-Mata Landless Indigenous Citizens' Housing Scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56902595" url="?curid=56902595" title="Nickel silicon carbide">
Nickel silicon carbide


</doc>
<doc id="56902597" url="?curid=56902597" title="F.M. Peard">
F.M. Peard


</doc>
<doc id="56902613" url="?curid=56902613" title="Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism/Architecture">
Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism/Architecture

The Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism/Architecture, also known as the Urbanism\Architecture Bi-City Biennale (UABB) of Shenzhen and Hong Kong, was founded in 2005. It has been held every two years since. It is considered the world's only Biennale or Biennial exhibition to focus specifically on urbanism and urbanisation.
The Biennale is a cooperative cultural event that is shared by the two cities under a similar theme. The selection process of the Hong Kong and Shenzhen curatorial teams are independent processes governed by different procedures and organisations. The exhibition also takes place in different venues in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, with different exhibitors, during similar but slightly differing time periods.
Originally organised by the Shenzhen Public Art Center, the inaugural Biennale took place in Shenzhen and attracted over a million visitors. The Biennale started being organised in Hong Kong in January 2008, with the exhibition "Refabricating City" at the Central Police Station Compound.
UABB themes, venues, and curators.
Each edition of UABB has had a different curatorial team, themes, and exhibitions:

</doc>
<doc id="56902614" url="?curid=56902614" title="Aero Electric Aircraft Corporation">
Aero Electric Aircraft Corporation


</doc>
<doc id="56902617" url="?curid=56902617" title="Baba Aya Singh College, Tuggalwala">
Baba Aya Singh College, Tuggalwala


</doc>
<doc id="56902620" url="?curid=56902620" title="Palmiyeler">
Palmiyeler

Palmiyeler is a Turkish rock band based in Istanbul, formed in 2013. The band consists of Mertcan Mertbilek (lead vocals/guitar), Tarik Tore (bass), Rana Uludag (drums), Baris Konyali (keyboard/guitar).
History.
Palmiyeler recorded their debut EP "Palmiyeler" in 2013 and released on vinyl and all digital platforms in 2015. A week after the EP release, they were invited to play at the main stage of One Love Festival '15 . 
Following their first release in 2015, Palmiyeler returned with "II (Venus)" the debut LP via Tantana Records in 2017. While being invited to play at Red Bull Music Academy Istanbul after their 2017 release, they released their music videos "Senden Haber Yok", "Karbeyaz" &amp; "Seninle".
"II (Venus)" has entered best local albums of 2017 lists at major mainstream newspapers "Milliyet" and "Hürriyet" as well as other digital media outlets such as Bant Mag and Play Tusu. While II (Venus) was rated 5/5 on Turkey's leading music-related media outlet Play Tusu, Mehmet Tez from "Milliyet" said the album had the potential to become "a classic at its own genre". While Hikmet Demirkol from "Hürriyet" wrote: "It is one of the most important contributions of 2017".
Palmiyeler is also known for creating their own visual works ranging from album covers, show posters, and music videos.
On 25 May 2018, Palmiyeler released their second album "Akdeniz" which was preceded by the release of the single "Kalbim Seni Arar".

</doc>
<doc id="56902629" url="?curid=56902629" title="Mark Conditt">
Mark Conditt


</doc>
<doc id="56902631" url="?curid=56902631" title="Anthony Conditt">
Anthony Conditt


</doc>
<doc id="56902635" url="?curid=56902635" title="赤毛のアン">
赤毛のアン


</doc>
<doc id="56902642" url="?curid=56902642" title="Lists of radio stations in the United States">
Lists of radio stations in the United States

Radio stations in United States have evolved since their early twentieth century origins. In 1920 8MK started operations in Detroit; after it, thousands of private and public radio have operated in the United States. The lists of radio stations in the US are organized in a number of ways; some of them are the following:
Stations by State.
Notes:
References.
"Abridged from U.S. State Department IIP publications and other U.S. government materials."

</doc>
<doc id="56902645" url="?curid=56902645" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Chile">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Chile


</doc>
<doc id="56902648" url="?curid=56902648" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Colombia">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Colombia


</doc>
<doc id="56902653" url="?curid=56902653" title="Felipe Barrera-Osorio">
Felipe Barrera-Osorio

Felipe Barrera-Osorio is a Colombian economist and Associate Professor of Public Policy, Education and Economics at Peabody College of Education and Human Development at Vanderbilt University. Barrera-Osorio's work on the economics of education earned him the Juan Luis Londono Medal, Colombia's equivalent to the John Bates Clark Medal in 2008.
Biography.
Felipe Barrera-Osorio earned a B.A. and master's degree in economics from the Universidad de los Andes (Colombia) in 1992, followed by a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Maryland, College Park in 2003. During his graduate studies, Barrera-Osorio specialized on public economics, labour economics and political economy and published a thesis on the relationship between decentralization and education under Jonas Gelbach, Robert Schwab, Wallace Oates, Jennifer Rice and Seth Sanders. After his graduation, Barrera-Osorio became deputy director of the Higher Education and Development Foundation (Fedesarrollo) (2004–06) before accepting a position as Senior Economist in the World Bank's Human Development Network on Education (2006–11). During his work for the World Bank, Barrera-Osorio led impact evaluations of educational programmes in e.g. Kenya, Ghana, Pakistan, Cambodia and Indonesia. In 2011, he left the World Bank to accept a position as assistant professor of education and economics at the Harvard Graduate School of Education, where he was promoted to associate professor in 2015. Besides his academic work, Barrera-Osorio also serves as Head of the Latin American and Caribbean Economic Association's Impact Evaluation Network.
Research.
Felipe Barrera-Osorio's current research focuses on the impact of educational incentives on the learning of children in primary and secondary school. In the past, his research has included the role and impact of public-private partnerships in education (with Harry Anthony Patrinos and Juliana Guáqueta), the computerization of education (with Leigh Linden), the design of conditional cash transfer programmes (with Marianne Bertrand, Linden and Francisco Perez-Calle), and the theory and empirics of school-based management (with Patrinos, Tazeen Fasih, and Lucrecia Santibánez).

</doc>
<doc id="56902655" url="?curid=56902655" title="Bestmate Akrides">
Bestmate Akrides


</doc>
<doc id="56902656" url="?curid=56902656" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to East Timor">
List of Australian Ambassadors to East Timor


</doc>
<doc id="56902658" url="?curid=56902658" title="Kai-Ri-Sei Million Arthur">
Kai-Ri-Sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902659" url="?curid=56902659" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Egypt">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="56902661" url="?curid=56902661" title="Hangyakusei Million Arthur">
Hangyakusei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902666" url="?curid=56902666" title="List of Australian ambassadors to the Federated States of Micronesia">
List of Australian ambassadors to the Federated States of Micronesia


</doc>
<doc id="56902670" url="?curid=56902670" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Greece">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Greece


</doc>
<doc id="56902674" url="?curid=56902674" title="Teri Berukhi">
Teri Berukhi

Teri Berukhi is a 2013 Pakistani television drama serial directed by Mohsin Mirza, produced by A&amp;B Entertainment and written by Seema Munaf. It starred Shahood Alvi, Savera Nadeem and Sumbul Iqbal in lead roles, and debuted on 19 April 2013 on Geo Entertainment, in a prime-slot on Fridays at 8:00 pm. The serial also aired on Indian channel Zindagi under the same title.

</doc>
<doc id="56902675" url="?curid=56902675" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Ireland">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="56902677" url="?curid=56902677" title="Senida Mesi">
Senida Mesi

Senida Mesi is an Albanian politician and professor. She served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Albania from 13 September 2017 to 17 January 2019. Now she is a member of parliament representing Shkodër.
Early life.
Mesi was born in Shkodër, Albania on 16 December 1977. In 2000, she graduated from the business administration department of the University of Tirana. In 2013, Mesi was certified as an accountant.
Mesi lectured at the University of Shkodër "Luigj Gurakuqi" until she was elected to Parliament in 2017.
Political career.
In 2015, Mesi was elected a member of the municipal council for Shkodër. During the 2017 parliamentary elections, Mesi ran as a member of the Socialist Party. On 25 June 2017, Mesi was elected a member of the Parliament of Albania for Shkodër. In August 2017, Edi Rama announced that Mesi would be the next deputy prime minister of Albania.
Personal life.
Mesi is married to Dr. Artan Mesi. They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="56902681" url="?curid=56902681" title="Aryamehr Technical University">
Aryamehr Technical University


</doc>
<doc id="56902683" url="?curid=56902683" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Israel">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Israel


</doc>
<doc id="56902685" url="?curid=56902685" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Kuwait">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Kuwait


</doc>
<doc id="56902688" url="?curid=56902688" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Lebanon">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Lebanon


</doc>
<doc id="56902696" url="?curid=56902696" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Mexico">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Mexico


</doc>
<doc id="56902701" url="?curid=56902701" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Mongolia">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Mongolia


</doc>
<doc id="56902704" url="?curid=56902704" title="List of Australian ambassadors to the Netherlands">
List of Australian ambassadors to the Netherlands


</doc>
<doc id="56902709" url="?curid=56902709" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Poland">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Poland


</doc>
<doc id="56902714" url="?curid=56902714" title="List of Australian High Commissioners to Samoa">
List of Australian High Commissioners to Samoa


</doc>
<doc id="56902723" url="?curid=56902723" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Saudi Arabia">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Saudi Arabia


</doc>
<doc id="56902729" url="?curid=56902729" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to Thailand">
List of Australian Ambassadors to Thailand


</doc>
<doc id="56902735" url="?curid=56902735" title="List of Australian Ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates">
List of Australian Ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates


</doc>
<doc id="56902748" url="?curid=56902748" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to South Korea">
List of Canadian ambassadors to South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56902754" url="?curid=56902754" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to Angola">
List of Canadian ambassadors to Angola


</doc>
<doc id="56902758" url="?curid=56902758" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to Austria">
List of Canadian ambassadors to Austria


</doc>
<doc id="56902761" url="?curid=56902761" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to China">
List of Canadian ambassadors to China


</doc>
<doc id="56902766" url="?curid=56902766" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to Germany">
List of Canadian ambassadors to Germany


</doc>
<doc id="56902768" url="?curid=56902768" title="John Bacon (newsreader)">
John Bacon (newsreader)


</doc>
<doc id="56902771" url="?curid=56902771" title="List of Canadian ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates">
List of Canadian ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates


</doc>
<doc id="56902778" url="?curid=56902778" title="Propagating rift">
Propagating rift

A propagating rift is a seafloor feature associated with spreading centers at mid-ocean ridges and back-arc basins. They are more commonly observed on faster rate spreading centers (50 mm/year or more). These features are formed by the lengthening of one spreading segment at the expense of an offset neighboring spreading segment. Hence, these are remnant features produced by migration of the tip of a spreading center. In other words, as the tip of a spreading center migrates or grows, the plate itself grows at the expense of the shrinking plate, transferring lithosphere from the shrinking plate to the growing plate.
Terminology.
Many other terms that have been used interchangeably with "propagating rift", including propagating ridges, ridge relocation, migrating ridges, propagators, rise jumps and ridge jumps. While they all refer to the same features, "ridge jumps" and "rise jumps" are sometimes used to refer to discontinuous or discrete propagations of a spreading center, which are most commonly observed at slow-spreading ridges as heat required to cause ridge jumps increases with spreading rate and age of seafloor.
Formation.
Propagating rifts are formed as a result of a change in plate motions, incremental jumps of the tip of a spreading center across a transform fault or, in most cases, from the migration of overlapping spreading centers (OSCs) along the crest of a mid-ocean ridge. The mechanism for propagation has been attributed to a few different hypotheses:
Identification.
"V" shaped patterns of oblique 'pseudofaults' on both side of the growing ridges are a distinct feature of propagating rifts. This seafloor feature, left in the wake of the segment migration, appears to be offset by an apparent fault in the oceanic crust. However, the offsets are only superficial seafloor features rather than true fault zones; hence the term 'pseudofaults'. In some circumstances when the spreading rate is low, morphological depressions can be observed along the 'pseudofaults' and shear zones, creating a distinct a bathymetric signature of propagating rifts. Besides that, formation of "V" shape 'pseudofaults' also leads to the "V" patterns of magnetic anomaly and age discontinuities across the seafloor.
Geometry models.
Two sets of geometry had been used to describe the types of propagating rifts:
The first set is based on the morphology of the growing segment of propagating rifts. Under this geometry model, two types of propagating rifts were described: (1) Median Valley Ridge Propagation (2) Axial High Ridge Propagation. The difference in morphology of the growing rifts is a result of difference in propagating rate. Propagating rifts with a propagating rate that is approximately 25% of the spreading rate would have a "median valley" morphology at its growing segment which is dominated by a relative low along the axis of the ridge. On the other hand, propagating rifts with a propagating rate that is &gt;50% of the spreading rate would have an "axial high" morphology, dominated by a relative high, pronounced ridge axis.
The second geometry set is based on the propagation style of the rifts. Under this geometry model, three types of propagating rifts were described: (1) Discontinuous (2) Continuous (3) Broad Transform-zone. "Discontinuous" is used to describe propagating rifts with discrete propagation motion (or ridge jumps). "Continuous" is used to describe propagating rifts with steady propagation. "Broad Transform-zone" is used to describe propagating rifts with broad shear zone instead of a transform fault as boundary with the neighboring spreading segment.
Hotspot-ridge interaction as a mechanism of propagating rifts.
Hotspot-ridge interaction is one of the mechanisms of propagating rifts. Some of the interactions that can lead to ridge relocation includes lithospheric tension and thermal thinning, as well as magma penetration caused by hot convecting magma beneath the lithosphere, which further leads to the weakening of lithosphere. Hotspot ridge interactions can be observed in two ways: interactions between propagating rifts and a fixed hotspot or a migrating hotspot.
Discovery of propagating rifts.
They were first noted in the 1970s on the Juan De Fuca ridge (spreading center) off northwestern North America where marine magnetic anomalies created during seafloor spreading show offsets not parallel to plate motion directions indicated by the trends of transform faults. They were soon found in other locations including the Galapagos Spreading Center and East Pacific Rise, and are now known to be ubiquitous on fast and intermediate spreading rate ridges.

</doc>
<doc id="56902793" url="?curid=56902793" title="United States Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates">
United States Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates


</doc>
<doc id="56902800" url="?curid=56902800" title="Chinese Taipei men's national under-19 basketball team">
Chinese Taipei men's national under-19 basketball team

The Chinese Taipei national under-18 and under-19 basketball team is a national basketball team of Chinese Taipei, administered by the Chinese Taipei Basketball Association.
It represents the country in international under-18 and under-19 (under age 18 and under age 19) basketball competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="56902809" url="?curid=56902809" title="United States Ambassador to Argentina">
United States Ambassador to Argentina


</doc>
<doc id="56902815" url="?curid=56902815" title="Janet Prictoe">
Janet Prictoe


</doc>
<doc id="56902816" url="?curid=56902816" title="United States Ambassador to the Bahamas">
United States Ambassador to the Bahamas


</doc>
<doc id="56902819" url="?curid=56902819" title="United States Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina">
United States Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina


</doc>
<doc id="56902823" url="?curid=56902823" title="José Arranz">
José Arranz

José Arranz Arranz (17 February 1930 – 12 March 2018), was a Spanish priest, Canon of Burgo de Osma Cathedral between 1986 and 1998 and founder of the bank Caja Rural in Soria. 
He studied ecclesiastical studies at the diocesan Seminary of Burgo de Osma. Later he received a licentiate in theology and philosophy from the Pontifical University of Salamanca; in philosophy and letters from the University of Navarra; and the doctorate in art history in Pamplona and from the University of Barcelona.
On 31 August 1952, he received the priestly ordination from the Bishop of Osma-Soria, Saturnino Rubio Montiel in the Cathedral of Burgos. His first pastoral commission took him to the Castilian municipalities of Huerta de Rey and San Esteban de Gormaz. Later he attended other parishes in the area: Burgo de Osma (1955-1963), Barcebal, Barcebalejo, Berzosa, Quintanilla de Tres Barrios, Rejas de San Esteban and Sotos del Burgo.
He was also entrusted with the chaplaincy of the monastery of the Carmelite Mothers in Burgo de Osma and the public "Associación Pública de Fieles Reparadores de Nuestra Señora la Virgen de los Dolores", in El Escorial, Madrid.
He was appointed Episcopal representative of Catechesis and Religious Teaching (1959-1976), Episcopal Art Delegate (1970-1994), canon of the Cathedral of Burgo de Osma (1986-1998), and president of the Cabildo. He devoted a good part of his life to teaching at the Colegio de San Vicente de Paúl in El Burgo and the seminary Santo Domingo de Guzmán.
He knew how to reconcile his priestly work with other activities such as: the management of the artistic heritage of the Diocese, the impulse and diffusion of the apparitions of the Virgen del Escorial, and the foundation and impulse of Caja Rural de Soria, Credit Union, who gave him a well-deserved homage in 2016.
He died in the residence of Nuestra Señora de la Luz of Torralba del Moral, on 12 March 2018. His funeral was held at the Cathedral of El Burgo, presided over by the Bishop of Osma-Soria, Abilio Martínez Varea.

</doc>
<doc id="56902824" url="?curid=56902824" title="United States Ambassador to Burundi">
United States Ambassador to Burundi


</doc>
<doc id="56902827" url="?curid=56902827" title="United States Ambassador to Cameroon">
United States Ambassador to Cameroon


</doc>
<doc id="56902830" url="?curid=56902830" title="United States Ambassador to Cape Verde">
United States Ambassador to Cape Verde


</doc>
<doc id="56902834" url="?curid=56902834" title="United States Ambassador to Chad">
United States Ambassador to Chad


</doc>
<doc id="56902837" url="?curid=56902837" title="Wilfred Percival">
Wilfred Percival

Wilfred Ernest Holtzendorff Percival was an Anglican priest in the last decade of the 19th century and the first third of the 20th century.
Percival was educated at St John's College, Auckland, the University of New Zealand and the University of Melbourne. He was ordained deacon in 1884, and priest in 1885. He served curacies at Randwick in Sydney, and South Yarra in Melbourne. He was Rector of Sale, Victoria. He held incumbencies at Lara, Essendon, Bendigo, and Armadale. He was Archdeacon of Bendigo from 1915 to 1917; and Dean of Bendigo from 1917 to 1927.
He died on 20 January 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="56902838" url="?curid=56902838" title="Lai River (disambiguation)">
Lai River (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56902842" url="?curid=56902842" title="United States Ambassador to Colombia">
United States Ambassador to Colombia


</doc>
<doc id="56902846" url="?curid=56902846" title="United States Ambassador to Costa Rica">
United States Ambassador to Costa Rica


</doc>
<doc id="56902850" url="?curid=56902850" title="United States Ambassador to Ivory Coast">
United States Ambassador to Ivory Coast


</doc>
<doc id="56902854" url="?curid=56902854" title="United States Ambassador to Djibouti">
United States Ambassador to Djibouti


</doc>
<doc id="56902860" url="?curid=56902860" title="United States Ambassador to Dominica">
United States Ambassador to Dominica


</doc>
<doc id="56902865" url="?curid=56902865" title="Kampong Perpindahan Mata-Mata">
Kampong Perpindahan Mata-Mata

Kampong Perpindahan Mata-Mata is a public housing estate and designated village in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei, on the outskirts of the capital Bandar Seri Begawan. The population was 2,385 in 2016. It is one of the villages within Mukim Gadong 'B'. The postcode is BE1918.

</doc>
<doc id="56902866" url="?curid=56902866" title="United States Ambassador to El Salvador">
United States Ambassador to El Salvador


</doc>
<doc id="56902869" url="?curid=56902869" title="United States Ambassador to Eritrea">
United States Ambassador to Eritrea


</doc>
<doc id="56902873" url="?curid=56902873" title="United States Ambassador to Estonia">
United States Ambassador to Estonia


</doc>
<doc id="56902875" url="?curid=56902875" title="United States Ambassador to Fiji">
United States Ambassador to Fiji


</doc>
<doc id="56902876" url="?curid=56902876" title="Kairisei Million Arthur">
Kairisei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902878" url="?curid=56902878" title="Kakusansei Million Arthur">
Kakusansei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902879" url="?curid=56902879" title="Jakusansei Million Arthur">
Jakusansei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56902880" url="?curid=56902880" title="United States Ambassador to Gabon">
United States Ambassador to Gabon


</doc>
<doc id="56902882" url="?curid=56902882" title="United States Ambassador to the Gambia">
United States Ambassador to the Gambia


</doc>
<doc id="56902885" url="?curid=56902885" title="United States Ambassador to Georgia">
United States Ambassador to Georgia


</doc>
<doc id="56902888" url="?curid=56902888" title="Siloso Beach">
Siloso Beach


</doc>
<doc id="56902890" url="?curid=56902890" title="United States Ambassador to Grenada">
United States Ambassador to Grenada


</doc>
<doc id="56902894" url="?curid=56902894" title="United States Ambassador to Guinea-Bissau">
United States Ambassador to Guinea-Bissau


</doc>
<doc id="56902896" url="?curid=56902896" title="United States Ambassador to Kosovo">
United States Ambassador to Kosovo


</doc>
<doc id="56902899" url="?curid=56902899" title="Henry Schrader">
Henry Schrader


</doc>
<doc id="56902901" url="?curid=56902901" title="United States Ambassador to Kuwait">
United States Ambassador to Kuwait


</doc>
<doc id="56902905" url="?curid=56902905" title="United States Ambassador to Mauritania">
United States Ambassador to Mauritania


</doc>
<doc id="56902907" url="?curid=56902907" title="Tibor Harangozo">
Tibor Harangozo

Tibor Harangozo (, ) was a male Yugoslav international table tennis player.
Table tennis career.
He won a silver medal at the 1939 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team event) with Žarko Dolinar, Adolf Herskovic, Ladislav Hexner and Max Marinko for Yugoslavia.
Personal life.
His younger brother Vilim Harangozo (1925-1975) was also an international table tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="56902908" url="?curid=56902908" title="United States Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia">
United States Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia


</doc>
<doc id="56902911" url="?curid=56902911" title="United States Ambassador to Monaco">
United States Ambassador to Monaco


</doc>
<doc id="56902915" url="?curid=56902915" title="United States Ambassador to Niger">
United States Ambassador to Niger


</doc>
<doc id="56902920" url="?curid=56902920" title="Kleinmann-Low Nebula">
Kleinmann-Low Nebula


</doc>
<doc id="56902922" url="?curid=56902922" title="United States Ambassador to Swaziland">
United States Ambassador to Swaziland


</doc>
<doc id="56902926" url="?curid=56902926" title="United States Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein">
United States Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein


</doc>
<doc id="56902929" url="?curid=56902929" title="United States Ambassador to Sri Lanka and the Maldives">
United States Ambassador to Sri Lanka and the Maldives


</doc>
<doc id="56902943" url="?curid=56902943" title="Ambassadors of Germany to Afghanistan">
Ambassadors of Germany to Afghanistan


</doc>
<doc id="56902949" url="?curid=56902949" title="List of German Ambassadors to China">
List of German Ambassadors to China


</doc>
<doc id="56902953" url="?curid=56902953" title="Eventim">
Eventim


</doc>
<doc id="56902958" url="?curid=56902958" title="Ambassadors of Germany to Morocco">
Ambassadors of Germany to Morocco


</doc>
<doc id="56902960" url="?curid=56902960" title="German Ambassador to the United States">
German Ambassador to the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56902963" url="?curid=56902963" title="Grafton Melville Richards">
Grafton Melville Richards

 Melville Richards, (Grafton Melville Richards) (1910-1973), was a Welsh scholar in the field of Welsh language and literature and Celtic studies.
He was born on 29 September 1910 as the third son of William and Elizabeth Richards (his father was a railway foreman) in Ffair-fach, Llandybie, Llandeilo, Carms. Grafton Melville Richards married Ethyn Anne Bowen in Llanelli in July 1939 and had a son and daughter. He was educated at Neath Grammar School and went onto achieve a first-class (1:1) Honours degree in Welsh from the University College of Swansea, (now Swansea University) starting in 1928 and finishing in 1931. In 1933, he gained a research M.A. with distinction. Following on from that, he was elected to a University Fellowship in 1934 which enabled him to continue his studies in Dublin with the scholars, Osborn Bergin, Myles Dillon and Gerard Murphy, as well as in Paris with Joseph Vendryes, Antoine Meillet and Émile Benveniste. In October 1936, he was given the position of Research Assistant Lecturer in Welsh at Swansea University and later became Assistant Lecturer in April 1937.
Melville Richards published his work in academic journals on the syntax of the sentence in Medieval Welsh and revealed his ability early in his career as he was one of a number of language scholars that were associated with Henry Lewis. During the Second World War, Melville Richards was attached to Bletchley Park. His name is listed on the Bletchley Park roll of honour with the grade of FO (Foreign Office) civilian; he served at Bletchley Park between 1941-1945 in Hut 9A, Elmers School, Hut 18 and Block G, ISOS (Illicit Service Oliver Strachey. ISOS was responsible for Abwehr communications using manual codes and ciphers. He used his experiences at war to write his only novel "Y Gelyn Mewnol" (The Enemy Within), an espionage story set in West Wales which won the Bangor National Eisteddfod thriller novel competition in 1943." "The novel tells the story of a British Secret Service operation to frustrate a fictitious German Fifth Column action in West Wales. The plot involves a Welsh-speaking British Secret Service agent with a background somewhat similar to Melville Richards himself. It features documents recovered from a U-boat sunk by the RAF in Cardigan Bay and the solution of a cryptogram intercepted by MI5. The novel was published in book form by Llyfrau'r Dryw in 1946.'
After the end of the war, he returned to Swansea University where he was appointed Lecturer (where he stayed until 1947), then he became Reader and Head of Celtic Studies Department in Liverpool University. From there, he was elected to the Chair of Welsh at the University College of North Wales, Bangor in 1965. He gained a PhD from Liverpool 1965.
Melville Richard's first areas of interest in his research were Celtic studies and Welsh syntax. In his early research, he published "Llawlyfr Hen Wyddeleg" in 1935 which was a handbook based on Rudolf Thurneysen's magisterial 'Grammar of Old Irish'. In 1938, he published "Cystrawen y Frawddeg Gymraeg" which is a clear guide to the syntax of the sentence in modern Welsh. However, it was unfavourably reviewed by T. J. Morgan in "Y Llenor". He continued to work on the syntax of Middle Welsh and Early Modern Welsh and published a number of texts including "Breuddwyt Ronabwy" (The Dream of Rhonabwy) (1948). His area of research started changing in the early 1950s as he started to publish work on Welsh place-names and onomastics which led on to be his primary academic interest.
He single-handedly produced an historical archive of place-names in Wales and made clear of their meaning and significance in a comprehensive Welsh onomasticon. His research was conducted in a range of fields of study which are: settlement patterns and demography, the history of governance and administration, legal custom and structures, toponyms as well as the more strictly linguistic area.
Melville Richards published a translation of "Llyfr Blegywryd", "The Laws of Hywel Dda" (1954), Cyfraith Hywel and an edition of the manuscript Jesus College LVII (1957), "Welsh Administrative and Territorial Units" (1969) as well as editing "Atlas Môn", an Atlas of Anglesey in Welsh and English in 1972. He also published important articles explaining the significance of place-names and laying out the methodology and scholarly standards in a hazardous area of academic study. Some of his research and work brought him international recognition. For example, 'his contributions to the Batsford "The names of towns and cities in Britain" (1970), as a member of the council of the English Place-Name Society, a member of the International Committee on Onomastic Sciences and chairman of the Council for Name Studies of Great Britain and Ireland...' 
Melville Richards did not succeed in publishing his place-names research as he intended but his archive of 300,000 slips, which is held by the Archives and Special Collections at Bangor University Library, has been edited and is available online (transcribed in Welsh and English).
It has to said that Melville Richards faced potentially unfair criticism from some in Wales who believed he received the post of lecturer in Swansea following the dismissal of Saunders Lewis following the Tân yn Llŷn, but he was already a member of staff and an assistant lecturer at the time.
Around 1970, his health deteriorated. He died unexpectedly and tragically at home in Benllech, Anglesey on 3 November 1973. His funeral service was held in Colwyn Bay Crematorium on 8 November.

</doc>
<doc id="56902965" url="?curid=56902965" title="Ladislav Hexner">
Ladislav Hexner

Ladislav Hexner was a male Yugoslav international table tennis player. 
Table tennis career.
He won a silver medal at the 1939 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team event) with Žarko Dolinar, Adolf Herskovic, Tibor Harangozo and Max Marinko for Yugoslavia. 

</doc>
<doc id="56902966" url="?curid=56902966" title="Beijing-Hong Kong (Taipei) passageway">
Beijing-Hong Kong (Taipei) passageway


</doc>
<doc id="56902969" url="?curid=56902969" title="1995 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1995 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56902973" url="?curid=56902973" title="Beijing-Xiong'an intercity railway">
Beijing-Xiong'an intercity railway


</doc>
<doc id="56902974" url="?curid=56902974" title="List of ambassadors from Germany to South Korea">
List of ambassadors from Germany to South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56902978" url="?curid=56902978" title="Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu Higher-Speed Passenger Corridor">
Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu Higher-Speed Passenger Corridor


</doc>
<doc id="56902979" url="?curid=56902979" title="1973-74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group A">
1973-74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group A


</doc>
<doc id="56902980" url="?curid=56902980" title="1997 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1997 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56902981" url="?curid=56902981" title="Beijing-Shanghai passageway">
Beijing-Shanghai passageway


</doc>
<doc id="56902984" url="?curid=56902984" title="Ka-Man Tse">
Ka-Man Tse

Ka-Man Tse (born 1981) is a Hong Kong-born photographer, video artist, and educator based in New York. Influenced by her Asian-American and queer identity, Tse primarily uses portraiture to tell stories about the people, identity, visibility, and place in and around the queer community.
Early life.
Born in Kowloon, Hong Kong, Tse moved to the U.S. where she and her family worked in Schenectady, New York in Chinese restaurants. During the 1980s and 1990s, Tse made regular road trips to Chinatown, New York which served as a surrogate for her birthplace. Her relationship with these three cities - New York City, Schenectady, and Hong Kong - is an ongoing investigation in her work.
Education.
In 2003 Tse received her B.A. in Photography from Bard College and in 2009 went on to receive an M.F.A. in Photography from Yale University.
Art.
Ka-Man Tse's work deals with visibility and representation through photography and film. She strives to locate points of intersection between LGBT and Asian and Pacific Islander communities. She mainly works with a large format view camera to take photographs that examine what is shared and negotiated between these two seemingly distant communities
"Portraits and Narratives of LGBTQ Asians and Asian Americans".
In 2014 she received the Robert Giard Fellowship grant for her project, "Portraits and Narratives of LGBTQ Asians and Asian Americans". The artist describes this body of work as an examination of community and human agency through photographs, both staged and organic, of her subjects in public spaces. Tse mixes personal memories, obsessions, stories and portraiture in order to conceptualize queer narratives and photograph them while they unfold in public space.
"Narrow Distances".
Ka Man-Tse's solo show, "Narrow Distances", featured a series of photographs taken in Hong-Kong, and aimed to rework the world out of a desire to see it re-imagined with the queer narrative in mind. Tse used placement, foregrounding and the connection with her subjects, to recast the social landscape of Hong-Kong. The title of the show is an allusion to the over-populated streets of the city as well as the space between Asian and LGBT communities. The show features intimate portraits of queer Chinese city-goers set against a backdrop of the Hong-Kong landscape. The subjects and setting work harmoniously together to create poetic images that confront issues of identity and representation. The show was held at Lumenvisum gallery in 2016 and was the artist's first solo exhibition in Hong Kong.
"In Search of Miss Ruthless".
Ka-Man Tse's photographs have been featured in the group show, "In Search of Miss Ruthless," which examined the history of beauty pageants in Asia. Curated by Hera Chan and David Xu Borgonjon, the show was based on Canadian artist group, General Idea’s project titled, "The 1971 Miss General Idea Pageant." "In Search of Miss Ruthless", features two of Ka-Man Tse's photographs which were met with critical acclaim.
The first photo featured in the show is titled "Embrace" (2015), and features a group of Asian-Pacific Islander women locked in an emotional hug after the conclusion of a beauty pageant in New York. The women wear expressions ranging from joy to relief as they frantically cling to one another in an overtly emotional and extravagant embrace, speaking to the forced, enhanced smiles and personas of beauty pageant contestants.
The second photo included, "Untitled", is a photograph of Rye Bautista, otherwise known as La Chiquitta, one of Hong-Kong's preeminent drag queens, alone on a rooftop in Hong-Kong. The subject is seen slumped on the ground, wig-less, barefoot and smoking a cigarette. His gaze looks off past the photographer and into the night sky. His heavily made up face starkly contrasts with the baldness of his head and the undone nonchalance in his posture. Here, Ka-Man Tse captures La Chiquitta behind the scenes, taking a break, bringing a sense of normalcy to the highly exaggerated persona drag queens adopt. Ka-Man Tse actively includes an Asian drag queen in a group show about beauty pageants, starting a conversations about similarities between the two worlds and contributing to her larger goal of increasing visibility of the LGBT community.
Tse has exhibited solo shows in the United States and Hong Kong.
Teaching.
Ka-Man Tse has taught photography at Cooper Union, The City College of New York, and at the Yale University School of Art. Tse is currently an Assistant Professor of Photography at Parsons School of Design.

</doc>
<doc id="56902988" url="?curid=56902988" title="Three Days of Bruges-De Panne">
Three Days of Bruges-De Panne


</doc>
<doc id="56902990" url="?curid=56902990" title="Chengdu-Lanzhou">
Chengdu-Lanzhou


</doc>
<doc id="56902991" url="?curid=56902991" title="Cats the musical">
Cats the musical


</doc>
<doc id="56902992" url="?curid=56902992" title="Straight to You - Triple J's Tribute to Nick Cave">
Straight to You - Triple J's Tribute to Nick Cave


</doc>
<doc id="56902996" url="?curid=56902996" title="1999-2000 Saudi First Division">
1999-2000 Saudi First Division


</doc>
<doc id="56902999" url="?curid=56902999" title="1973-74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group B">
1973-74 FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup Qf Group B


</doc>
<doc id="56903000" url="?curid=56903000" title="Landless Indigenous Citizens' Housing Scheme">
Landless Indigenous Citizens' Housing Scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56903007" url="?curid=56903007" title="1999 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
1999 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56903016" url="?curid=56903016" title="Kai-ri-Sei Million Arthur">
Kai-ri-Sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56903021" url="?curid=56903021" title="List of Ambassadors from Belgium to South Korea">
List of Ambassadors from Belgium to South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56903026" url="?curid=56903026" title="List of ambassadors from Austria to South Korea">
List of ambassadors from Austria to South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56903029" url="?curid=56903029" title="North Highland Mile">
North Highland Mile

The North Highland Mile (formerly Morningside Mile) is an annual race and block party that takes place in March or April in the Virginia Highland and Morningside neighborhoods of Atlanta along North Highland Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="56903033" url="?curid=56903033" title="National Housing Scheme">
National Housing Scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56903036" url="?curid=56903036" title="Late Night Woman's Hour">
Late Night Woman's Hour

Late Night Woman's Hour (LNWH) is a late-night edition of the long-running, BBC Radio 4 programme "Woman's Hour". It started in 2015 with a one-month pilot run, scheduled twice-weekly on Thursday and Friday at 11 pm for one hour. The presenters for this first run were Lauren Laverne and Jane Garvey who led panels of five guests in discussion of a particular topic such as fan fiction or lust. Lauren Laverne then became the permanent host when the programme started a regular schedule in 2016, being scheduled as a monthly podcast which was then broadcast on Radio 4 at 11 pm on the last Thursday of each month.
The topics discussed in the first run included the dating app, Tinder, and lying. The conversation was frank and adult, being broadcast late at night, rather than during the daytime. 
In 2018, "Late Night Woman's Hour" became available in a weekly podcast format via BBC Sounds as well as other podcast apps. Guests include technology evangelist Dr Sue Black, Guardian beauty columnist Sali Hughes, writer and broadcaster Afua Hirsch, influencer Chidera Eggerue, author and blogger Emma Gannon, Elle Deputy Editor Kenya Hunt, journalist Miranda Sawyer and writer and comedian Viv Groskop. 
In autumn 2018, Radio 5 Live broadcaster and journalist Emma Barnett took over from Lauren Laverne as presenter. 

</doc>
<doc id="56903037" url="?curid=56903037" title="List of ambassadors from Denmark to South Korea">
List of ambassadors from Denmark to South Korea


</doc>
<doc id="56903044" url="?curid=56903044" title="National Resettlement Scheme">
National Resettlement Scheme


</doc>
<doc id="56903047" url="?curid=56903047" title="National Resettlement Programme">
National Resettlement Programme


</doc>
<doc id="56903048" url="?curid=56903048" title="List of Ambassadors of Sweden to Finland">
List of Ambassadors of Sweden to Finland


</doc>
<doc id="56903053" url="?curid=56903053" title="National Housing Programme">
National Housing Programme


</doc>
<doc id="56903055" url="?curid=56903055" title="Maud Palmer Hart Lovelace">
Maud Palmer Hart Lovelace


</doc>
<doc id="56903056" url="?curid=56903056" title="List of Ambassadors from Japan to Algeria">
List of Ambassadors from Japan to Algeria


</doc>
<doc id="56903058" url="?curid=56903058" title="STKRJ">
STKRJ


</doc>
<doc id="56903066" url="?curid=56903066" title="List of Ambassadors from Japan to Angola">
List of Ambassadors from Japan to Angola


</doc>
<doc id="56903068" url="?curid=56903068" title="Tjader">
Tjader

Tjader (also Tjäder) is a surname, originating from the Swedish term for the capercaillie. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56903071" url="?curid=56903071" title="Tjäder">
Tjäder


</doc>
<doc id="56903075" url="?curid=56903075" title="List of Ambassadors of Japan to Finland">
List of Ambassadors of Japan to Finland


</doc>
<doc id="56903078" url="?curid=56903078" title="Black Table">
Black Table


</doc>
<doc id="56903084" url="?curid=56903084" title="List of Ambassadors of France to England">
List of Ambassadors of France to England


</doc>
<doc id="56903086" url="?curid=56903086" title="Florence Mary Macbeth">
Florence Mary Macbeth


</doc>
<doc id="56903090" url="?curid=56903090" title="Gwangju Mo clan">
Gwangju Mo clan

The Gwangju Mo clan () is a Korean clan, with a bon-gwan located in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (known as Gwangju in Korean). According to the census in 2015, the population of the Gwangju Mo clan was 92. Mo clan was born in Western Xia, China. King Wen in Zhou dynasty appointed his son as Mo clan, but it is not clear that how their clan was established in Korea, and the Gwangju Mo clan's founder has been still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="56903091" url="?curid=56903091" title="Bernt Toberntsson">
Bernt Toberntsson


</doc>
<doc id="56903099" url="?curid=56903099" title="Chibi (term)">
Chibi (term)


</doc>
<doc id="56903101" url="?curid=56903101" title="Ami Asbo Phirey">
Ami Asbo Phirey


</doc>
<doc id="56903104" url="?curid=56903104" title="List of Ambassadors of France to Lebanon">
List of Ambassadors of France to Lebanon


</doc>
<doc id="56903108" url="?curid=56903108" title="Charles Howard Smith (trade unionist)">
Charles Howard Smith (trade unionist)

Charles Howard Smith (1 September 1875 – 5 January 1965) was a British trade union leader.
Born in Birmingham, Smith was educated at Birmingham Blue Coat School. He worked as a copy-holder for a printer, but learnt shorthand in his spare time, and this enabled him to find work as a journalist with the "Birmingham News". A friend of his manager was involved in the Amalgamated Engineering and Stores Association, and in 1907, when its conference was held in Birmingham, he asked Smith to take the minutes. The union remembered his service, and from 1910 he took the minutes at each meeting of the executive. He took on an increasing amount of the general secretary's work himself, and in 1914 he left the "News" to take this full-time role.
In 1915, Smith took the union into a merger which formed the Post Office Engineering Union (POEU). He was noted for his skills in administration and negotiation, and achieved agreements on subsistence payments and job security which endured for many years. He retired in 1938, moving to Ramsgate, where he died in 1965.
In 1962, the POEU began funding an annual scholarship to Ruskin College, which it named after Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="56903109" url="?curid=56903109" title="Kazuichi Hanawa">
Kazuichi Hanawa

 (born April 17, 1947) is a Japanese manga artist.
Life and work.
Hanawa was born in Yorii, Saitama Prefecture. Since 1970 he worked as an illustrator. After reading the works of Yoshiharu Tsuge, he decided to switch to comic books. Hanawa's first work as a cartoonist was in 1971 with the short story "Kan no Mushi" () about a boy whose mother sends him to a sadistic acupuncturist, in the alternative manga magazine "Garo" where he mainly worked in his career to follow. From 1992 to 1994 he drew the manga series "Tensui" () for "Afternoon" magazine, which achieved a much higher circulation than "Garo" and similar underground publications. Through his work for "Afternoon" and other mainstream magazines such as "Manga Action" and "Super Action", he became known to a wider audience. Since 1998, Hanawa has been working for "AX", the successor of "Garo".
In December 1994, he was arrested for illegally possessing modified model weapons and sentenced to three years in prison. Afterwards, he worked on the manga , recalling his detention, for which he was nominated for the 2001 Osamu Tezuka Cultural Prize. This autobiographical work became a bestseller and received a film adaptation in 2002 under the direction of Yoichi Sai. Masanao Amano describes how the "outstanding realism" of the work is almost overwhelming to the reader: "Due to the documentary-like style without any sense of desire and political message [the reader] is completely sucked into the work."
Hanawa is sometimes considered the successor to Yoshiharu Tsuge. At the beginning of his career, he dedicated himself to the ero-guro style and created erotic-grotesque works like "Akai Yoru" (), about a samurai who rejects his thoughts of revenge and is driven to suicide by his wife, and "Niku Yashiki" (). Many of these works were parodies of militarism and the traditional values of Japanese culture. From the beginning of the 1980s, his manga were spiritually influenced by Buddhism and were located mainly in the Japan of the Edo and the Meiji periods and in a futuristic setting. The faces of his characters are reminiscent of Ukiyo-e; his drawings are detailed and dark.
His work has been translated into English, Spanish, Portuguese, French and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="56903111" url="?curid=56903111" title="French Ambassadors to Guatemala">
French Ambassadors to Guatemala


</doc>
<doc id="56903113" url="?curid=56903113" title="5th Legislative Assembly of Nunavut">
5th Legislative Assembly of Nunavut


</doc>
<doc id="56903121" url="?curid=56903121" title="List of Ambassadors of France to the Kingdom of Great Britain">
List of Ambassadors of France to the Kingdom of Great Britain


</doc>
<doc id="56903128" url="?curid=56903128" title="Gemma Romanyà i Valls">
Gemma Romanyà i Valls

Gemma Romanyà i Valls (29 September 1945 – 5 March 2018), was a Spanish Catalan businesswoman and graphic arts patron. Married with Miquel Pujol i Palol, she was originally from Capellades, Anoia, and since 1973 she directed the printing press "Romanyà Valls SA", based in Capellades and the La Torre de Claramunt.
Since 1988, she has sponsored some chamber concerts presented, in a careful program, under the generic title of "Capellades Paper of Music and international course of music of Cambra" ("Concurs Paper de Música de Capellades i Curs Internacional de Música de Cambra"), an annual contest for the promotion of young interpreters. Therefore, in 1998, she received one of the Premis D'Actuació Civic of the Lluís Meowa Foundation. She was also a promoter and disseminator in Capellades of Eurocongrés 2000.
She collaborated in the edition of the albums recorded by the orchestra Ensemble XXI and also gave to these her study for the recording of them. So in the course 2010-11 was invited to honor the concert of presentation of the CD summer postcards that was part of the program of five concerts celebrated by Ensemble XXI on the occasion of its tenth anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="56903137" url="?curid=56903137" title="Mahinda Rajapaksha International Cricket Stadium">
Mahinda Rajapaksha International Cricket Stadium


</doc>
<doc id="56903139" url="?curid=56903139" title="French Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire">
French Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire


</doc>
<doc id="56903142" url="?curid=56903142" title="1892 United States presidential election in Kentucky">
1892 United States presidential election in Kentucky

The 1892 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place on November 8, 1892. All contemporary 44 states were part of the 1892 United States presidential election. Kentucky voters chose thirteen electors to the Electoral College, which selected the president and vice president.
Background and vote.
Ever since the Civil War, Kentucky had been shaped politically by divisions created by that war between secessionist, Democratic counties and Unionist, Republican ones, although the state as a whole leaned Democratic throughout this era and the GOP would never carry the state during the Third Party System at either presidential or gubernatorial level.
However, at the beginning of the 1890s, the state was hit by a crisis in its farming sector, which was especially severe in its most secessionist region – the historically slaveholding and dark-tobacco-growing Jackson Purchase which was badly affected by changes in taste amongst the nation’s smokers. That region had been the centre of Greenback revolt over a decade previously, and a continuation of the trends meant that the “Kentucky Alliance” was formed in 1887. During the state’s 1891 Constitutional Convention, the Alliance made a number of demands on taxation and labor reform, and sent to the state legislature thirteen men, mostly from the Purchase and Western Coal Field.
The Populist threat, however, would be dissipated by the work of Democratic Vice-Presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson I, whose campaign in the state emphasised the potential impact of the Lodge Force Bill and high tariffs upon the South, and sought to achieve a degree of reconciliation between sections greater than existed in 1890. His extensive tour of the state and warning that a vote for Weaver would be a vote for Republican nominee Benjamin Harrison meant that third-time Democratic nominee Grover Cleveland – whose stance in favor of the gold standard was unpopular in the South – would carry the state by almost the same margin as in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="56903145" url="?curid=56903145" title="Evangeline Marrs Simpson Whipple">
Evangeline Marrs Simpson Whipple


</doc>
<doc id="56903149" url="?curid=56903149" title="Kurjaković noble family">
Kurjaković noble family


</doc>
<doc id="56903151" url="?curid=56903151" title="Α-Phenycinnamic acid">
Α-Phenycinnamic acid


</doc>
<doc id="56903156" url="?curid=56903156" title="Α-Phenylcinnamic acid">
Α-Phenylcinnamic acid


</doc>
<doc id="56903157" url="?curid=56903157" title="French Ambassador to Sri Lanka">
French Ambassador to Sri Lanka


</doc>
<doc id="56903160" url="?curid=56903160" title="Reza Radmanesh">
Reza Radmanesh

Reza Radmanesh (; 1905/1906–1983) was an Iranian physicist, communist politician and general secretary of the Tudeh Party of Iran. According to Abbas Milani, he was "one of the most prominent members of the Iranian communist movement".
Early life and education.
Radmanesh was born into a Gilak landed upper-class family. He helped the local Jangalis as a teenager; and joined the Socialist Party while he studied at Dar ul-Funun. He went to France to study physics, and met Taghi Arani, before he returned to Iran as a junior member of The Fifty-Three. He was sentenced to five years of imprisonment.
Career.
Radmanesh was a leading and dominating personality in the Tudeh Party of Iran, serving as a member of the party's central committee, head of its youth wing and its parliamentary leader before taking office as the first Secretary in 1948.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56903161" url="?curid=56903161" title="List of French ambassadors to the United States">
List of French ambassadors to the United States


</doc>
<doc id="56903170" url="?curid=56903170" title="Dambulla International Cricket Ground">
Dambulla International Cricket Ground


</doc>
<doc id="56903171" url="?curid=56903171" title="Corbeels">
Corbeels


</doc>
<doc id="56903173" url="?curid=56903173" title="List of Ambassadors of Great Britain to Sweden">
List of Ambassadors of Great Britain to Sweden


</doc>
<doc id="56903177" url="?curid=56903177" title="John T. Costin">
John T. Costin

John T. Costin was a Republican Party organizer, a member of the Georgia Legislature, and a minister in Georgia, United States, during the Reconstruction Era (1863 or 1865 - 1877). Costin helped form the Republican Party of Georgia He met with U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. Costin was a freemason and held the title of Grand Master (Masonic). Costin was described as a scion of one of Washington's most illustrious families.
Costin was born in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="56903178" url="?curid=56903178" title="Cyrtodactylus arcanus">
Cyrtodactylus arcanus

Cyrtodactylus arcanus is a species of gecko that is endemic to Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="56903180" url="?curid=56903180" title="List of Ambassadors of India to Bhutan">
List of Ambassadors of India to Bhutan


</doc>
<doc id="56903182" url="?curid=56903182" title="A. N. Pritzker">
A. N. Pritzker


</doc>
<doc id="56903186" url="?curid=56903186" title="Ambassadors of India to Greece">
Ambassadors of India to Greece


</doc>
<doc id="56903188" url="?curid=56903188" title="Pollen barcoding">
Pollen barcoding


</doc>
<doc id="56903191" url="?curid=56903191" title="Indian Ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates">
Indian Ambassadors to the United Arab Emirates


</doc>
<doc id="56903195" url="?curid=56903195" title="Nigel Herring">
Nigel Herring

Nigel Denzil Herring (187–1972) was an Anglican priest in the first two-thirds of the 20th century.
Herring was educated at Trinity College, Melbourne. He was ordained deacon in 1900, and priest in 1885. He served curacies at Kyneton and Werribee. He held incumbencies at Broken Hill, Shepparton and Benalla. He was Archdeacon of Bendigo from 1928 to 1949; and Archdeacon of Kyneton from 1949 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="56903203" url="?curid=56903203" title="Indian Ambassadors to the Federal Republic of Germany">
Indian Ambassadors to the Federal Republic of Germany


</doc>
<doc id="56903209" url="?curid=56903209" title="MoonLIGHT">
MoonLIGHT

MoonLIGHT, also called Lunar Laser Ranging Retroreflector Array for the 21st Century (LLRRA-21), is a laser retroreflector to be deployed near the lunar south pole region. The reflector was planned to be launched in July 2020 as a secondary payload on the MX-1E lunar lander built by the private company Moon Express. However, as of February 2020, the launch of the MX-1E has been canceled. The fate of MoonLIGHT is unknown.
The laser-ranging experiment was developed as a collaboration primarily between the University of Maryland in the United States, and the Italian National Laboratories of Frascati to complement and expand on the Lunar Laser Ranging experiment started with the Apollo Program in 1969.
Overview.
The principle of this laser ranging is based on laser pulses sent from a telescope on Earth to the retroreflector array on the Moon. The retroreflector (mirrors) send the pulse straight back to the originating telescope where the round trip time—and therefore the exact distance—is recorded. The reflector arrays are designed to allow more accurate measurements from Earth that will increase lunar mapping accuracy, will test principles of Einstein's general theory of relativity, and other theories of gravity. Researchers think these studies may also help understand the nature of dark energy.
MoonLIGHT is a laser reflecting array to be deployed near the lunar south pole region. It was developed as a collaboration primarily between the University of Maryland and the Italian National Laboratories of Frascati. Additional partners and collaborators include the Matera Laser Ranging Observatory of ASI, the University of Hannover (Germany), and the Czech Technical University (Czech Republic). The experiment and agreement between the collaborators was announced on 15 May 2015.
The reflector was planned to be a secondary payload on the MX-1E lunar lander built by Moon Express, which was planned to be launched in 2020 with an Electron rocket. An unrelated planned science payload on the same lander was the International Lunar Observatory. The MX-1E lander was planned to land on the Malapert Mountain, a 5 km tall peak in the Aitken Basin region that has an uninterrupted direct line of sight to Earth. The launch contract between Moon Express and Rocket Lab (manufacturer of Electron) was canceled sometime before February 2020. Moon Express does not, as of February 2020, anymore plan to launch MX-1E on an Electron rocket, thus leaving MX-1E and all its science payloads without a carrier rocket. This leaves the fate of the science payloads hanging in the air.
This experiment will complement and advance the retroreflector experiments begun with Apollo 11 in 1969. The team claims to have developed a new approach and technology that would increase the ranging accuracy by a factor of 100 by using new technology and methods to correct for libration and the thermal behavior and the optical performance.

</doc>
<doc id="56903213" url="?curid=56903213" title="Late night woman's hour">
Late night woman's hour


</doc>
<doc id="56903216" url="?curid=56903216" title="Evidence Lower Bound">
Evidence Lower Bound


</doc>
<doc id="56903219" url="?curid=56903219" title="List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Czechoslovakia">
List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Czechoslovakia


</doc>
<doc id="56903225" url="?curid=56903225" title="List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Poland">
List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to Poland


</doc>
<doc id="56903227" url="?curid=56903227" title="Mahbubul Alam Hanif">
Mahbubul Alam Hanif

Mahbubul Alam Hanif is currently a Member of Parliament in Bangladesh and the Joint General Secretary of Bangladesh Awami League. He is also a Bangladesh Awami League politician and businessman. He has been the incumbent Member of the Parliament from Kushtia-3 since 2014. He was elected the Joint General Secretary of Bangladesh Awami League in 2009. He worked at the Prime Minister's Office as the Special Assistant to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina from 2009 to 2013. He has twice been elected as a Member of Parliament from Kushtia-3 constituency in the 10th and 11th general elections.
Early life and education.
Mahbubul Alam Hanif was born on 01 January 1959 at his ancestral home in Courtpara, Kushtia Sadar upazila of Kushtia district.
After passing HSC examination with good grade from Dhaka College, he became a student of the University of Dhaka in the Department of Management.
Career.
Hanif was elected the Joint General Secretary of Bangladesh Awami League in 2009. He worked at the Prime Ministers Office as Special Assistant to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina from 2009 to 2013. During his service in PMO, he demanded the nomination for Kushtia-2, whose incumbent was Hasanul Haq Inu, President of Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal. He was fired from his job by the Ministry of Public Administration. He was given nomination for Kushtia-3 and was elected the Parliament Member from Kushtia-3 as a candidate of Awami League.
Hanif supported the construction of Medical College and Haripur Bridge, construction of Kushtia Bypass Road, Kushtia District stadium. In addition, a swimming pool has been constructed in Kushtia city and many roads have been constructed in the vicinity.
Construction of 1000 MW power landing station has been completed in Kushtia. And 350 MW power has been connected to Bheramara Combined Cycle Power Plant. The Father of the Nation Bangabandhu Shishu Park is being constructed on about 35 acres of land on the banks of Gorai river.

</doc>
<doc id="56903228" url="?curid=56903228" title="Operation ARES">
Operation ARES


</doc>
<doc id="56903232" url="?curid=56903232" title="List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to the Bukharan People's Soviet Republic">
List of Ambassadors of the Soviet Union to the Bukharan People's Soviet Republic


</doc>
<doc id="56903236" url="?curid=56903236" title="Mahbub-ul-Alam Hanif">
Mahbub-ul-Alam Hanif


</doc>
<doc id="56903244" url="?curid=56903244" title="Adolf Herskovic">
Adolf Herskovic

Adolf Herskovic (later Allan Herskovic; 1916–2011) was a male Yugoslav international table tennis player.
Table tennis career.
He won a silver medal at the 1939 World Table Tennis Championships in the Swaythling Cup (men's team event) with Žarko Dolinar, Ladislav Hexner, Tibor Harangozo and Max Marinko for Yugoslavia.
He represented Italy from 1948 until 1950 before he changed his name to Allan from Adolf and emigrated to the United States where he captained the US team in 1974.
Personal life.
He was of Jewish descent and lost his parents and a sister in concentration camps during the war. He took refuge in Italy with some brothers but was arrested and interned in a camp in Cosenza where he was freed by the allies in 1943. In the United States he was a member of the Jewish Athletic Club and played soccer and gymnastics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903245" url="?curid=56903245" title="Province of Connecticut">
Province of Connecticut


</doc>
<doc id="56903246" url="?curid=56903246" title="Bootle (1805 ship)">
Bootle (1805 ship)

Bootle was launched in 1805 at Liverpool as a slave ship. She made two voyages delivering slaves to the West Indies before her owner sold her. She then became a West Indiaman. In 1811 the Liverpool partnership of Barton, Irlam and Higginson purchased her and sailed her between Liverpool and Barbados. A hurricane at Bridgetown, Barbados wrecked her in 1813.
Slave ship.
"Bootle" entered "Lloyd's Register" in 1805 with J. Sillars, master, Kitchen, owner, and trade Liverpool–Africa. Captain John Sillars (or Sillers) acquired a letter of marque on 19 October 1805.
First slave voyage: Sillars sailed from Liverpool on 16 November, bound for Africa. "Bootle" arrived at Kingston, Jamaica on 13 June 1806. She had embarked 367 slaves and she landed 330, for a loss rate of 10.0%. She left Kingston on 22 June 1808, and arrived back at Liverpool on 16 August. She had commenced the voyage with 46 crew members and suffered six crew deaths on the voyage.
Second slave voyage: Sillars sailed from Liverpool on 11 March 1807 and "Bootle" arrived at Kingston on 1 September. She had embarked 377 slaves and she landed 339. She left Kingston on 7 September, and arrived back at Liverpool on 4 November. She had commenced the voyage with 51 crew members and suffered six crew deaths on the voyage.
West Indiaman.
On "Bootle"s return, Kitchen sold her to Foderingham (or Fotheringham) and her trade become Liverpool–Barbados (or Liverpool–West Indies. Her master was J. Ferguson. He received a letter of marque on 8 November 1808.
On 5 May 1809 "Lloyd's List" reported that "Bootle", Ferguson, master, had arrived at Liverpool. She lad left Barbados on 21 March.
On her return, "Bootle" was surveyed and W. Barton &amp; Co. purchased her. Her trade remained Liverpool–Barbados, but her master became J. Ford. Captain John Ford acquired a letter of marque on 21 November 1809.
On her way back to Liverpool from Barbados in March 1813, "Bootle" recaptured "Two Brothers". An American privateer had captured "Two Brothers" as she was sailing from Baltimore to Cadiz and had taken off her master and papers
Loss.
A hurricane wrecked "Bootle" at Bridgetown, Barbados, on 23 July 1813. "Bootle", Ford, master, was lost though a portion of her cargo, one hogshead and two tierces of sugar (out of 140), was saved.

</doc>
<doc id="56903248" url="?curid=56903248" title="Starry bent-toed gecko">
Starry bent-toed gecko

The starry bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus astrum") is a species of gecko endemic to southern Thailand and peninsular Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="56903255" url="?curid=56903255" title="Stephen Shareaux">
Stephen Shareaux

Stephen Shareaux (born September 16, 1965) is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. He is best known as lead vocalist for hard rock band Kik Tracee. He is a solo artist as well as lead vocalist and co-founder of alternative rock band Zen From Mars which includes members of Bang Tango, Enuff Z'Nuff, Flipp, and Fear Factory.
Career.
Kik Tracee.
Shortly after moving to Los Angeles in 1987, Shareaux formed the hard rock band Kik Tracee with L.A. bassist Rob Grad, guitarist Gregory "Hex" Offers, guitarist Michael Marquis, and drummer Scott Donnell (Later replaced by Johnny Douglas). The group were signed to RCA Records and initially managed by Sharon Osbourne until Slaughter bassist Dana Strum persuaded the band to seek elsewhere for representation; Strum would then go on to produce their debut record "No Rules". The music video for the track "Don't Need Rules" had moderate rotation on MTV's Headbanger's Ball and the single "You're So Strange", which also had a music video, peaked at No. 46 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 1991.
The band's follow up, the Chris Goss produced EP "Field Trip", was released in 1992. Kik Tracee's marketing team treated almost the entire New York staff of RCA, the band's label, to a real life field trip to present the marketing plan for the album. A video was then released for the single "In Trance".
Also in 1992, Shareaux was named a top contender to replace Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe; Shareaux turned down the offer to join, and John Corabi ultimately got the gig.
In 1993 the band began work on its second full-length release, "Center of a Tension", with producer Garth Richardson. The band would end up falling apart at this point resulting in the album never making it past the pre-production stage.
In 2017, Kik Tracee signed with EMP Label Group to release a 2-disc demos and b-sides album titled "Big Western Sky".
Post Kik Tracee.
Still having to deliver an album to RCA after the break of up Kik Tracee, Shareaux then teamed up with guitarist/singer Brynn Arens to write together; Shareaux parted ways and Arens carried on to form Flipp.
Following Kik Tracee's break up, Shareaux would resurface in Revel 8 as well as Nectar, which featured Rik Schaffer of Tomorrow's Child and Engines of Aggression.
As shown in the VH1 documentary "The Rise of Velvet Revolver", in 2002 Shareaux had auditioned for the lead singer position in "The Project"; which would end up becoming Velvet Revolver. The position eventually went to Scott Weiland.
Shareaux's debut solo album "Golden" was released in November 2013. The album was produced by Bernie Larsen and features a guest appearance by Small Faces and Faces keyboardist Ian McLagan, who performs on the track "R&amp;R". The single "Stay" was released along with a music video which was directed by Kii Arens.
In 2016, Shareaux had been chosen to audition in person for the then vacant frontman position in Stone Temple Pilots. Jeff Gutt would end up getting the gig.
Zen From Mars.
In 2015, Shareaux began performing acoustic shows with Bang Tango guitarist Drew Fortier for which Kik Tracee material was performed live for the first time since the band's break up in 1993. This eventually led to the duo forming alternative rock band Zen From Mars along with bassist Chip Z'Nuff, drummer Mike Heller, guitarist Brynn Arens, and pianist Kate Catalina. The band released an early version of their track "New Leaf" in 2016 which was mixed by Matt Wallace. Their debut album "The Ultra Head Frequency" is currently being mixed and mastered for a 2018 release.
Other works.
In 2005 Shareaux landed a role as Jimmy the Mod in the stage musical of The Who's Quadrophenia. Shareaux also performs in The Who Generation, which is a The Who tribute band that have been featured on AXS TV's World's Greatest Tribute Bands.
Legacy and accolades.
Kik Tracee's debut album "No Rules" appeared at No. 46 on Rolling Stone's "Top 50 Greatest Hair Metal Albums of All Time" list.
Kik Tracee landed at No. 78 for VH1's "Hair Metal 100 Countdown" list which ranked the greatest 80's hair metal bands of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="56903258" url="?curid=56903258" title="List of ambassadors from Austria-Hungary to the United Kingdom">
List of ambassadors from Austria-Hungary to the United Kingdom


</doc>
<doc id="56903264" url="?curid=56903264" title="Cyrtodactylus astrum">
Cyrtodactylus astrum


</doc>
<doc id="56903270" url="?curid=56903270" title="Republican Guard (Central African Republic)">
Republican Guard (Central African Republic)

The Republican Guard (, or GR), also called the Presidential Guard (, or PR), is nominally part of the Central African Armed Forces (FACA) but is directly subordinated to the President of the Central African Republic, for whom it provides security. 
History.
During the leadership of President François Bozizé the guard largely consisted of members of his same tribe, "patriots" who helped him seize power during the 2003 Central African Republic coup d'état, and was estimated to number some 800 men. They have been accused of numerous assaults on the civil population, such as terror, aggression, sexual violence. Since the outbreak of the civil war and ethnic violence in 2012 with the overthrow of Bozizé, many members of the guard have joined the "Seleka" coalition. Since 2008 they had received training from South African and Sudanese troops, with support from Belgium and Germany, although since then the leadership has been cautious about significantly reforming the guard.
Civil War.
Since the civil war, transitional president Michel Djotodia attempted to reform the presidential guard, which was staffed by his militia. Chinese instructors provided training to the presidential guard and other internal security forces in 2018.
Status.
Its current status is unknown, although Prime Minister Catherine Samba-Panza was known to rely on foreign security guards, particularly those from Rwanda. Currently President Faustin-Archange Touadéra is also protected by Rwandan troops. Some sources suggest that a Central African Presidential Guard still exists, however, and that it has been trained by Rwandan commandos.
In May 2019, a unit of the presidential guard was commissioned after being trained by Russian military instructors, the "groupement spécial chargé de la protection républicaine" (GSPR).

</doc>
<doc id="56903277" url="?curid=56903277" title="Stavex Brno">
Stavex Brno


</doc>
<doc id="56903286" url="?curid=56903286" title="Hypercorrecting">
Hypercorrecting


</doc>
<doc id="56903287" url="?curid=56903287" title="Aur Island bent-toed gecko">
Aur Island bent-toed gecko

The Aur Island bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus aurensis") is a species of gecko endemic to Aur Island in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="56903290" url="?curid=56903290" title="Slavic Catholic">
Slavic Catholic


</doc>
<doc id="56903298" url="?curid=56903298" title="Say Amen (Saturday Night)">
Say Amen (Saturday Night)

"Say Amen (Saturday Night)" is a song by American pop rock band Panic! at the Disco from their sixth studio album, "Pray for the Wicked" (2018). It was released as the lead single for the album on March 21, 2018. The song became Panic! at the Disco's first number one single on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in June 2018.
Release.
"Say Amen (Saturday Night)" was released for digital download and streaming on March 21, 2018 and was produced by Jake Sinclair and Imad Royal. On the same day, the promotional single "(Fuck A) Silver Lining" was released. The song became Panic! at the Disco's first number one single on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in June 2018.
Sound and lyrics.
"Say Amen (Saturday Night)" is a pop song with influences of hip hop and electronica with a "dizzying swirl of synth-strings and pitch-shifted vocal samples." The track "features one of Urie’s strongest vocal performances to date."
Music video.
Directed by Daniel "Cloud" Campos, the music video for "Say Amen (Saturday Night)" premiered on March 21, 2018. Panic! at the Disco frontman Brendon Urie confirmed that the music video serves as a prequel to the band's 2013 music video, "This Is Gospel", from the band's fourth studio album "Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!" and the 2015 music video for "Emperor's New Clothes," from the band's fifth studio album "Death of a Bachelor." 
The video begins with a news report explaining that an artifact has been stolen. It cuts to a mob of armed assassins breaking into Brendon Urie's home. Urie texts his girlfriend to delay her arrival, then defeats the burglars by various comical means, such as lassoing them into fans by the neck or driving knives into their faces. Urie's girlfriend then arrives, whereupon they hug their way to the bedroom. When she notices the artifact hanging on Urie's chest by a necklace, she beats him and then kills him with a bat. She steals the key from Urie's body as heartbeats reminiscing "This Is Gospel" are heard.

</doc>
<doc id="56903299" url="?curid=56903299" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's high jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's high jump

The men's high jump event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56903300" url="?curid=56903300" title="Cyrtodactylus aurensis">
Cyrtodactylus aurensis


</doc>
<doc id="56903302" url="?curid=56903302" title="Daniel I. Rees">
Daniel I. Rees


</doc>
<doc id="56903312" url="?curid=56903312" title="Straw (story)">
Straw (story)

"Straw" is an alternate history short story by Gene Wolfe, first published in "Galaxy Science Fiction" in 1975.
Synopsis.
In a world where hot-air balloons were invented a thousand years earlier than in reality, an elderly mercenary reminisces about his adolescence.
Reception.
The "Internet Review of Science Fiction" considered it to be "well written", with "rounded characters"; "Publishers Weekly", however, felt that the story's premise was "more provocative and interesting than" the actual story, which "goes nowhere". The story has been cited as an example of "manipulative systems" in Wolfe's work, in that the mercenaries are lured into landing in a castle on the pretext that they will be provided with straw for fuel, only to be told that they must first defend the castle from attackers; Thomas D. Clareson observed that despite the story ending with an imminent attack by raiders, no detail of battle are provided.

</doc>
<doc id="56903322" url="?curid=56903322" title="Turkish Ambassador to Yugoslavia">
Turkish Ambassador to Yugoslavia


</doc>
<doc id="56903325" url="?curid=56903325" title="Ambassador of Iceland to Yugoslavia">
Ambassador of Iceland to Yugoslavia


</doc>
<doc id="56903329" url="?curid=56903329" title="2018 Stan Wawrinka tennis season">
2018 Stan Wawrinka tennis season


</doc>
<doc id="56903339" url="?curid=56903339" title="Ami Ashbo Phirey">
Ami Ashbo Phirey


</doc>
<doc id="56903343" url="?curid=56903343" title="Sun v. Microsoft">
Sun v. Microsoft


</doc>
<doc id="56903344" url="?curid=56903344" title="Walt Disney's Treasure Island">
Walt Disney's Treasure Island


</doc>
<doc id="56903359" url="?curid=56903359" title="Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten">
Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten


</doc>
<doc id="56903361" url="?curid=56903361" title="Golden-belted bent-toed gecko">
Golden-belted bent-toed gecko

The golden-belted bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus auribalteatus") is a species of gecko endemic to Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="56903365" url="?curid=56903365" title="Cyrtodactylus auribalteatus">
Cyrtodactylus auribalteatus


</doc>
<doc id="56903366" url="?curid=56903366" title="Slavic Muslims">
Slavic Muslims


</doc>
<doc id="56903398" url="?curid=56903398" title="Juan de Serras">
Juan de Serras

Juan de Serras was one of the first Jamaican Maroon chiefs in the seventeenth century. His community was based primarily around Los Vermajales, and as a result the English called his group of Maroons the Karmahaly Maroons. It is likely that his Maroons are descended from escaped African slaves and Taino men and women.
Fighting for the Spanish.
When the English captured Jamaica from the Spanish in 1655 Invasion of Jamaica, the latter freed their slaves, who then escaped into the forested mountains of the interior, and established independent communities of Free black people in Jamaica. These groups fought on the side of the Spanish in their attempts to recapture Jamaica from the English. When one group, led by Juan de Bolas, switched sides and joined the English, the Spanish gave up on their attempts to recapture the island.
In contrast to de Bolas, de Serras and his men stayed loyal to the Spanish, and refused to come to terms with the English. Based in the mountains of central Jamaica, de Serras and his Maroon warriors mounted a number of attacks on English settlements, burning plantations and houses, as well as killing English soldiers and settlers. The English used de Bolas and his men to attack de Serras and his Maroon community. In 1664, Maroons belonging to de Serras ambushed and killed de Bolas. Eventually, the black militia belonging to de Bolas faded from historical records, while the Maroons of de Serras continued to trouble the English.
Guerrilla war against the English.
After 1664, de Serras and his Maroons continued to mount attacks on English settlements, such as the capital, Spanish Town, where they burnt houses, captured food and livestock, and freed slaves. The community of de Serras acted as a magnet for slaves seeking to run away from English owners.
The first English governor of the Colony of Jamaica, Edward D'Oyley, was unable to defeat de Serras, and the job of taking on the Karmahaly Maroons fell to Thomas Modyford, who became governor in 1664. The following year, Modyford declared war on the Karmahaly Maroons, and offered rewards for capturing and killing members of de Serras' group.
In the mid-1660s, de Serras sent one of his Maroon warriors, Domingo, to discuss peace overtures. Modyford accepted Domingo, because he believed that while the English could not defeat the Maroons, he felt they could absorb them into society the way D'Oyley did with de Bolas. However, de Serras used the lull in the fighting to relocate to a more secure environment, probably the Blue Mountains in eastern Jamaica, from which they soon resumed attacks on the English colonial authorities.
In the 1670s, the former buccaneer Henry Morgan, who later became lieutenant-governor of Jamaica, and owner of a slave plantation in Guanaboa Vale, led a campaign against de Serras and the Karmahaly Maroons. Morgan was unable to rout the Maroons, but following that encounter the colonial authorities no longer filed reports about de Serras and the Karmahaly Maroons.
Legacy.
It is possible that de Serras and the Karmahaly Maroons withdrew further into the Blue Mountains, which were inaccessible to the English colonial authorities, where they lived off the land and avoided further contact with white planters. 
It is theorised that they may have joined the original Native Yamaye Maroons and the Africa Kormantse Maroons of Prince Naquan, who according to some reports joined them in the Blue Mountains in the 1640s. However, other versions of Maroon history say that Naquan was one of the founders of Cudjoe's Town (Trelawny Town). The Karmahaly Maroons may have been the ancestors of the 18th century Windward Maroons of Moore Town and Crawford's Town.

</doc>
<doc id="56903404" url="?curid=56903404" title="Carl Henrik Monssen">
Carl Henrik Monssen


</doc>
<doc id="56903413" url="?curid=56903413" title="Southern Titiwangsa bent-toed gecko">
Southern Titiwangsa bent-toed gecko

The southern Titiwangsa bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus australotitiwangsaensis") is a species of gecko endemic to peninsular Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="56903414" url="?curid=56903414" title="Torstein Krakenes">
Torstein Krakenes


</doc>
<doc id="56903424" url="?curid=56903424" title="Cyrtodactylus australotitiwangsaensis">
Cyrtodactylus australotitiwangsaensis


</doc>
<doc id="56903430" url="?curid=56903430" title="East West Rail Link">
East West Rail Link


</doc>
<doc id="56903444" url="?curid=56903444" title="David Drasin">
David Drasin

David Drasin (born 3 November 1940, Philadelphia) is an American mathematician, specializing in function theory.
Drasin received in 1962 his bachelor's degree from Temple University and in 1966 his doctorate from Cornell University supervised by Wolfgang Fuchs and Clifford John Earle, Jr. with thesis "An integral Tauberian theorem and other topics". After that he was an assistant professor, from 1969 an associate professor, and from 1974 a full professor at Purdue University. He was visiting professor in 2005 at the University of Kiel and in 2005/2006 at the University of Helsinki.
In 1976, Drasin gave a complete solution to the inverse problem of Nevanlinna theory (value distribution theory), which was posed by Rolf Nevanlinna in 1929. In the 1930s, the problem was investigated by Nevanlinna and by, among others, Egon Ullrich() (1902–1957) with later investigations by Oswald Teichmüller (1913–1943), Hans Wittich, Le Van Thiem (1918–1991) and other mathematicians. Anatolii Goldberg (1930–2008) was the first to completely solve the inverse problem in the special case where the number of exceptional values is finite. For entire functions the problem was solved in 1962 by Wolfgang Fuchs and Walter Hayman. The general problem concerns the question of the existence of a meromorphic function at given values of the exceptional values and associated deficiency values and branching values (with constraints from the Nevanlinna theory). Drasin proved that there is a positive answer to Nevanlinna's problem.
In 1994 Drasin was an Invited Speaker at the ICM in Zurich. Since 1996 he is a co-editor of the "Annals of the Finnish Academy of Sciences" and a co-editor of "Computational Methods in Function Theory". He was a co-editor of the American Mathematical Monthly from 1968 to 1971. From 2002 to 2004 he was a program director/analyst for the National Science Foundation.
He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="56903445" url="?curid=56903445" title="Minecraft – Volume Beta">
Minecraft – Volume Beta


</doc>
<doc id="56903450" url="?curid=56903450" title="Nicolas van Ditmar">
Nicolas van Ditmar

Nicolas van Ditmar (born 30 September 1965) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903452" url="?curid=56903452" title="Faddey Bulgarin">
Faddey Bulgarin


</doc>
<doc id="56903457" url="?curid=56903457" title="Nicolas Van Ditmar">
Nicolas Van Ditmar


</doc>
<doc id="56903460" url="?curid=56903460" title="Nicolas Ditmar">
Nicolas Ditmar


</doc>
<doc id="56903465" url="?curid=56903465" title="Pray for the Wicked">
Pray for the Wicked

Pray for the Wicked is the sixth studio album by American pop rock solo project Panic! at the Disco. The album was released on June 22, 2018 on Fueled by Ramen and DCD2. It is the follow-up to the band's fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor" (2016). The album was produced by Jake Sinclair and promoted by the singles "Say Amen (Saturday Night)", "High Hopes" and "Hey Look Ma, I Made It", with "(Fuck A) Silver Lining", "Dancing's Not a Crime" and "King of the Clouds" as promotional singles. It received generally positive reviews upon release, with many critics noting Urie's Broadway influences following his performance in "Kinky Boots".
Background.
Panic! at the Disco released their fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor", on January 16, 2016. To promote the record, the band embarked on a co-headling tour with Weezer that summer and a United States tour the following year. On April 11, 2017, it was reported that vocalist Brendon Urie would be making his Broadway debut as one of the lead roles in "Kinky Boots". Urie performed in the show for ten weeks from May until August 2017.
Following the success of "Death of a Bachelor", Urie was given the rest of 2017 off by the band's record label, Fueled by Ramen. However, Urie felt compelled to continue writing music during his time off. The writing process began a month before Urie made his debut in "Kinky Boots" when he wrote the chorus of "High Hopes". Urie stated that writing the record took about four months total in the span of a year and a half.
Urie teased the band's then-unannounced sixth studio album sporadically throughout late 2017 and early 2018, typically through Instagram Live broadcasts. On March 8, 2018, the band began teasing the release of a lead single and a subsequent album with a two minute long video of Urie brushing his teeth beside an alarm clock reading "3:19" for the video's entirety, accompanied by an orchestral version of "King of the Clouds". The time on the clock led fans to believe that the band would be releasing new material on March 19. Over a week later, fans received packages sent from Urie's P.O. box containing a white bottle reading "Pray for the W!cked / 3:21 / Unholy Water", once more leading to speculation over a release date of March 21. On March 19, the band announced a surprise show at the Grog Shop in Cleveland, Ohio that night. The band unveiled their new touring bassist, Nicole Row, who would be replacing their former member and touring bassist, Dallon Weekes, following his departure on December 27, 2017. No new material was performed at the show.
The album was announced on March 21, 2018, alongside the release of the lead single "Say Amen (Saturday Night)" and a B-side, "(Fuck A) Silver Lining".
The second single "High Hopes" was released on May 23, 2018, followed by the pre-release track "King of the Clouds" on June 18, 2018.
The singles for the album were released in three Spotify combinations: Say Amen for Silver Linings, High Hopes on Saturday Night, and King of High Hopes.
Critical reception.
"Pray for the Wicked" has received generally positive reviews from music critics. It holds an average score of 70 out of 100 on Metacritic based on nine reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews." In a positive review, "The Independent" said, "Panic! have never released the same album twice, but on "Pray for the Wicked" it feels as if they've finally managed to channel that frenetic, slightly chaotic attitude into a studio album that is at once eclectic and coherent." In another positive review, "NME" commented on the influence of Brendon Urie being involved in "Kinky Boots" on the sound of the album, adding that "while it's fair to say he's always had a flair for theatrics, the experience has injected these tracks with unprecedented levels of sass and drama". "Newsday" suggested that Urie's "Broadway stint brings him a creative burst and a theatrical bent".
Commercial performance.
"Pray for the Wicked" debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 with 180,000 album-equivalent units, of which 151,000 were pure album sales. It is the band's second US number-one album. The album also debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart, making it the band's second Australian number-one album. According to "Billboard", Pray for the Wicked was the 10th best selling vinyl album of 2018 in the US with sales of 59,000, making a major contribution to the 15% rise of the format in that year. The album was also certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in the United States.
Track listing.
Track listing adapted from iTunes.
Track notes
Personnel.
Personnel per album booklet.
Panic! at the Disco
Additional musicians
Additional personnel
Production

</doc>
<doc id="56903471" url="?curid=56903471" title="Jorge Birkner">
Jorge Birkner

Jorge Birkner (born 18 August 1964) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903478" url="?curid=56903478" title="Dassault Falcon Epicure">
Dassault Falcon Epicure

The Dassault Falcon Epicure is a project of Dassault Aviation and Thales for a surveillance, reconnaissance, and electronic warfare aircraft. This will replace by 2025 the two Transall Gabriel currently used by the French Air Force for strategic missions of electronic warfare and airborne espionage. Falcon Epicure will be developed from the Falcon 7X as the basis for work. It is currently unknown whether or not the aircraft will be refueled.
In the French Air Force this aircraft will be part of the CUGE program, for "Capacité Universelle de Guerre Électronique" or in English Universal Electronic Warfare Capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="56903485" url="?curid=56903485" title="Enrique de Ridder">
Enrique de Ridder

Enrique de Ridder (born 21 February 1958) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903491" url="?curid=56903491" title="Enrique De Ridder">
Enrique De Ridder


</doc>
<doc id="56903492" url="?curid=56903492" title="Minecraft volume alpha">
Minecraft volume alpha


</doc>
<doc id="56903494" url="?curid=56903494" title="Enrique Ridder">
Enrique Ridder


</doc>
<doc id="56903499" url="?curid=56903499" title="Delta Stewardship Council">
Delta Stewardship Council

The Delta Stewardship Council is a Government of California agency that is tasked with managing the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta.
In November 2009, the California Legislature enacted SBX7 1 (Delta Reform Act), one of several bills passed related to water supply reliability, ecosystem health, and the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta. The Act, effective on Feb. 3, 2010, called for the creation of the Delta Stewardship Council.
The Council has seven members, who are consulted by a 10-member board of scientists, the Delta Independent Science Board.
The Act required that the Council develop a management plan for the Delta to ensure coordinated action at the federal, state, and local levels. This document is referred to as the Delta Plan.
Part of SBX7 1, Water Code Section 85204 also mandated the Council "establish and oversee a committee of agencies responsible for implementing the Delta Plan" to ensure that the actions of other agencies conform to the Delta Plan's policies.
As stated in the Delta Reform Act, the Council stems from the CALFED Bay-Delta Program. Likewise, the Delta Science Program replaced the CALFED Science Program and the Delta Independent Science Board replaced the CALFED Independent Science Board.

</doc>
<doc id="56903500" url="?curid=56903500" title="Minecraft volume beta">
Minecraft volume beta


</doc>
<doc id="56903507" url="?curid=56903507" title="Cyrtodactylus ayeyarwadyensis">
Cyrtodactylus ayeyarwadyensis

Cyrtodactylus ayeyarwadyensis is a bent-toed gecko species that was discovered in 2001 in Myanmar's Rakhine Yoma Elephant Range and described in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="56903508" url="?curid=56903508" title="Américo Astete">
Américo Astete

Américo Astete (born 3 May 1967) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903511" url="?curid=56903511" title="Imam Hadi">
Imam Hadi


</doc>
<doc id="56903513" url="?curid=56903513" title="Americo Astete">
Americo Astete


</doc>
<doc id="56903516" url="?curid=56903516" title="Richard Blennerhassett">
Richard Blennerhassett

Richard Paull Blennerhassett (1889–1957) was an Anglican priest in Australia the first two thirds of the Twentieth century.
Blennerhassett was educated at St Aidan's Theological College, Ballarat. He was ordained deacon in 1912, and priest in 1913. He served curacies at Inglewood and Murtoa. He was Priest in charge at Lake Charm from 1914 to 1916. held incumbencies at Brown Hill, Rochester, Kyabram and Daylesford. In 1947 he became Vicar of St Mark, Golden Square. He was Archdeacon of Bendigo from 1949 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="56903518" url="?curid=56903518" title="David Lajoux">
David Lajoux

David Lajoux (born 3 July 1966) is a Monegasque alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903535" url="?curid=56903535" title="Khruangbin">
Khruangbin

Khruangbin ( ; , เครื่องบิน) is an American musical trio from Houston, Texas. The band comprises Laura Lee on bass, Mark Speer on guitar, and Donald Ray "DJ" Johnson Jr. on drums. The band is known for blending global music influences, such as classic soul, dub, rock and psychedelia. Their debut studio album, "The Universe Smiles Upon You" (2015), draws from the history of Thai music in the 1960s, specifically from Luk thung, while their second album, "Con Todo el Mundo" (2018), has influences from Spain and the Middle East. Speer, Lee, and DJ also host "AirKhruang" radio shows on NTS Radio and Facebook Live.
Background.
Speer and Johnson met in 2004 while playing in Rudy Rasmus' St. John's Methodist Church gospel band in Houston, Texas. The church employed Speer as the guitarist and Johnson as the organist. “When we first started the band, we wanted to have a formula,” he says. “It’s like, ‘This is what we do, and we’re not gonna try and go outside the box too much. We’re gonna explore the box we’re in. I’ve always been a big fan of that. I used to be in bands where was like, ‘Man, we’ve gotta think outside the box!’ And all I’m thinking is: ‘You guys don’t even know.’ Music should never be just for the sake of being experimental. Before you even start, you have to know what you’re experimenting with first.” Speer said.
In 2007, Speer met Lee through friends, where they initially connected over a shared love of Afghan music and Middle Eastern architecture. In 2009, Lee started to learn the bass with guidance from Speer. After playing for six months, she auditioned and got the gig to be the bassist for Yppah on his upcoming tour. Speer already had the gig as guitarist for Yppah and had encouraged Lee to audition. In 2010, both Lee and Speer went on tour with Yppah who opened for Bonobo.
The tour motivated the two of them to make music together more seriously, leading them to form Khruangbin. Speer and Lee went to a barn where they developed the bass-heavy, psychedelic sound that became the basis of the band's aesthetic. Upon their return, they asked Johnson to join the band as drummer, to play simple break-beats under the guitar and bass. The barn, located in the 300-person town of Burton, Texas, would become the site of all future Khruangbin recording sessions. The band has a longterm working relationship with Houston-based engineer Steve Christensen.
When asked to play their first gig, Lee, who was learning to speak Thai at the time, decided they should use her favorite Thai word "khruangbin" (; ), which means "aeroplane", as their name. Speer said that, had they had the foresight to predict the band's success, they might not have chosen a name that was so difficult to pronounce. The band's name symbolizes the international set of influences that shaped the band's formation.
A notable part of the band's visual style is the black wigs that Lee and Speer wear on stage, and during promotional interviews and photoshoots. Originally this was to help them move from the stage to the merchandise stand without being recognised during early tours.
Career.
After Khruangbin toured with Bonobo, he featured their song 'Calf Born in Winter' on his 2014 "" compilation. The song became one of the most popular tracks on the record, helping create an initial audience for the band's first EP, "History of Flight", and debut record, "The Universe Smiles Upon You", in 2015.
Shortly thereafter, Khruangbin were named "The Guardian"s "New Band of the Week," opening for acts like Father John Misty, Tycho, Chicano Batman, and Massive Attack. They also joined the festival circuit, playing a string of festivals like Glastonbury, Bonnaroo, ACL, Outside Lands, Desert Daze, and South by Southwest.
In January 2018, Khruangbin released their second album, "Con Todo el Mundo". The title of the album came from Laura Lee's Mexican-American grandfather, who would often ask, "How do you love me?" ("¿Cómo me quieres?") and would only accept one response, "Con todo el mundo," or in English, "with all the world."
The band has been quoted as saying the title of the record is also a reference to the diverse range of musical influences that inspired it, primarily from the Middle East. Shortly before the release of "Con Todo el Mundo", the band also covered "Ma Beham Nemiresim" by Googoosh, a popular Iranian songstress, for the "Artists Rise Against Islamophobia" compilation, and created a Tehran-specific playlist on Spotify, in addition to many other city-specific playlists, as part of their "AirKhruang" DJ series.
In 2018, Khruangbin recorded live for Spotify an arrangement of the Indian song "Khuda Bhi Aasman Se", played by Mohammed Rafi in the movie Dharti (1970), a Bollywood movie classic.
They also opened for Leon Bridges on his recent 2018 tour, as well as Trey Anastasio's Ghosts of the Forest tour in 2019. In 2020, the group was featured on the cover of "Relix".
In April 2020, Khruangbin announced they would release their third studio album, "Mordechai," on June 26 via Dead Oceans and shared their lead single "Time (You &amp; I)" 
In addition to announcing the relaunch of "AirKhruang", they released the single "So We Won't Forget" and the accompanying video directed by Scott Dungate and co-produced by Wieden+Kennedy Tokyo x Nakama in May 2020.
Khruangbin released the single "Pelota" from "Mordechai" on June 16, 2020, along with a video directed by Hugo Rodrigues Rodriguiez written by Alvaro Sotomayor and produced by Glassworks Creative Studio via Dead Oceans.
On June 26, 2020, Khruangbin released "Mordechai". Laura Lee said the band wanted the album to sound like "the world, rather than any one particular part of the world,” with influences from West African, Indian, Vietnamese, German, Czech, Mexican and many more cultures. Album released through Dead Oceans.
Style.
Khruangbin's musical genre is a hotly debated topic amongst critics. Mostly instrumental, the band's sound has been described as soul, surf rock, psychedelic, rock, dub and funk, with one website even describing them as "electronic". The most commonly used term to describe Khruangbin's music is Thai funk, though the band members themselves challenge the convention of genres, publicly refusing to be pigeonholed into one particular label. As music journalist Rob Shepherd noted for PostGenre, "The [name Khruangbin], which translates to “flying engine” or airplane in Thai, is perfect for their music as it often crosses borders and cultures."

</doc>
<doc id="56903540" url="?curid=56903540" title="Jordi Torres (alpine skier)">
Jordi Torres (alpine skier)

Jordi Torres (born 19 July 1964) is an Andorran alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903547" url="?curid=56903547" title="Macedonians (Bulgarians)">
Macedonians (Bulgarians)


</doc>
<doc id="56903553" url="?curid=56903553" title="Jordi Torres (skier)">
Jordi Torres (skier)


</doc>
<doc id="56903564" url="?curid=56903564" title="Conway School of Nursing">
Conway School of Nursing

The Conway School of Nursing is the nursing school of The Catholic University of America. It was founded in 1935, and was named after Joanne and Bill Conway in 2019.
Courses and degree programs at the school include Bachelor Science in Nursing, Spanish for Healthcare Professionals, Master of Science in Nursing, Family Nurse Practitioner, and Doctor of Nursing Practice.
According to US News &amp; World Report, The School of Nursing at The Catholic University of America ranks #41 of Best Nursing School, Master's and #42 for Best Nursing Schools DNP.
Clinical hours.
Undergraduate nursing students complete approximately 525 clinical hours at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, the Inova Health System, George Washington University Hospital, Holy Cross Hospital and Children's National Hospital among some other sites. 

</doc>
<doc id="56903565" url="?curid=56903565" title="C. T. R. Hayward">
C. T. R. Hayward

Charles Thomas Robert Hayward (born 1948) is a British academic and convicted sex offender. He had beem Professor of Hebrew in the Department of Theology and Religion at Durham University.
Academic career.
After receiving a BA (Theology, University of Durham, 1971), MA (Theology, University of Durham, 1973) and DPhil (University of Oxford, 1975) he lectured at Lancaster University (1977–1979). He returned to Durham being appointed Lecturer in Theology (1979), Senior Lecturer (1989) and Reader (1994).
In 2006, Hayward was elected President of the Society for Old Testament Studies. He was President in 2003 of the British Association for Jewish Studies.
2016 conviction.
In 2016 he was convicted of child pornography charges at Durham Crown Court, sentenced to a two-year community supervision order and was made subject to a sexual harm prevention order and registered as a sex offender, both for five years.

</doc>
<doc id="56903568" url="?curid=56903568" title="Andreas Pantelidis">
Andreas Pantelidis

Andreas Pantelidis (born 26 May 1962) is a Greek alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903571" url="?curid=56903571" title="Balu bow-fingered gecko">
Balu bow-fingered gecko

The Balu bow-fingered gecko or Besar Island bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus baluensis") is a species of gecko endemic to Borneo. It is known from Brunei, Sarawak and Sabah (Malaysia), and East Kalimantan (Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="56903577" url="?curid=56903577" title="Mount Locke (Texas)">
Mount Locke (Texas)


</doc>
<doc id="56903579" url="?curid=56903579" title="Cyrtodactylus baluensis">
Cyrtodactylus baluensis


</doc>
<doc id="56903599" url="?curid=56903599" title="Prince Julius Adewale Adelusi-Adeluyi">
Prince Julius Adewale Adelusi-Adeluyi

Prince Julius Adewale Adelusi-Adeluyi (born August 2, 1940) is a Nigerian pharmacist and legal practitioner. He is the founder and Chairman of Juli Plc, the first
indigenously promoted company quoted on the Nigerian Stock Exchange. He is the National President of the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy. He is a past
National President of the Alumni Association of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS) Kuru (AANI).
Prince Adelusi-Adeluyi is a former National President of the Nigerian American Chamber of Commerce as well as the National President of the National Council for Population and Environmental Activities (NCPEA). He became the first District Governor of Rotary International District 9110 covering Nigeria in the 1982/1983 year. He was an outstanding student political leader, having served as Secretary General of the world student body, the International Student Conference (ISC) in The Hague, Holland and built student union organizations in Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Americas. He continues to play a leading role in church and community programmes.
He is a former Federal Minister of Health and Social Services. He is a past Group Chairman of Oodua Investment conglomerate, an organization
coordinating the economic and cultural legacy of the Yoruba nation. He is the Chairman of the MTN Foundation.
Early Days.
Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi was born on the 2nd of August 1940 at Ado-Ekiti
in Ekiti State. He started his elementary education at St George’s Catholic
primary school, Ado Ekiti from 1946-1952. He won a scholarship to attend
Government College, Ibadan. However, in those days, Catholics were not
encouraged to attend non-Catholic secondary schools. As an alternative, he
attended St. Thomas Aquinas College, Akure from 1953-1957 where he
completed his high school education also on scholarship.
In the primary school, he was an altar server as well as a member of the choir. In
fact, he lived with Monsignor Anthony Oguntuyi and other Catholic Priests and
Bishops in the Catholic Mission Ado-Ekiti from the age of six to the age of
twenty-five. At Aquinas College, he was an altar server and choirmaster. He
taught dancing, wrote and directed plays in which many budding actors and
actresses participated. He was known as "Oga dancer by" his contemporaries in
the secondary school. He finished his Secondary School Certificate in five years
instead of six years and passed in grade one with five distinctions.
Family life.
He is married to Juliana Omosalewa ("nee" Onipede) an agriculturist, administrator, company Director and Paul Harris Fellow of Rotary International, from Badagry, Lagos State. They have four children and seven grandchildren.
Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi has been active in Church programmes since childhood. He was in the Catholic Church choir in Leiden in the Netherlands. When he returned to Nigeria from Holland in 1968, he became Secretary of St. Agnes Catholic Parish, Maryland, Ikeja. He later became the foundation Secretary of St. Leo’s Parish, Ikeja. There he founded St. Gabriel’s lay-readers Society and St. Cecilia’s choir. He is the grand patron or patron of many societies. He was the pioneer organist at St. Leo’s Catholic Church. He became the Parish Chairman from 1988 to 1993, during which time the building of the large church took place. He is the Chairman of the Catholic Study Group which exposes professionals to the study of the scriptures every week. He enjoys writing, reading, music, the arts, and public speaking. 
The Prince is a golfer and scored a hole-in-one in 2016 at the Ikeja Golf Course. He is passionate about youth mentoring and application of the ideal of service. He is a manager, leader, motivational speaker, a strategist and role model. 
On the occasion on his 75th birthday on August 2, 2015, he received a televised public commendation from the Head of State President Mohammadu Buhari. He has to his credit scores of publications and guest lectures on subjects varying from Pharmacy to law, Religion and Strategy, to issues of National development. He continues to play a leading role in Church and community programme.
Higher Education.
Prince Adelusi-Adeluyi attended the Nigerian College of arts, science &amp; Technology, Ibadan (1959-1961) to obtain his GCE advanced level in science subjects. The campus became the starting venue for the University of Ife when it was created in 1961. Both in the Nigerian college and the University of Ife, he had a double scholarship from the Western region and the Federal Government. He was to study language at the University of Ibadan but was too young since he was only 17. Between 1957 and 1960 he worked as a teacher in St. Michael’s Catholic Modern School, Yemetu, Ibadan. Some of his students have become famous, including Prof. Pius Obanya who was invited from the UNESCO to serve as the Director General of Universal Basic Education Scheme. He was among the pioneer set of the University of Ife (now Obafemi Awolowo University) from 1962-1965 where he studied Pharmacy. He attended the language institute, Noordwijk, Holland 1967 and then proceeded to study law at the University of Lagos (1984-1986). In 1987, he emerged as the overall best student at the Nigerian Law School. He also attended the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS) Kuru in 1990. His essay was titled “"Constraints to Policy formulation and implementation in Nigeria"”.
Student/Youth Leadership.
Prince Adelusi-Adeluyi was a student activist at the Nigerian college as well as the University of Ife. He became the National Vice-President for International affairs for the National Union of Nigerian Students (NUNS). In that and other capacities, he represented the University of Ife and the National Union of Nigerian Students at more than 37 local and International Conferences. He was publisher and editor of a campus newssheet called the Spitfire. He also held National leadership positions in Pax Romana (Catholic Student Group), All Nigerian United Nations Students Association (ANUNSA), World University Service (WUS) and other student formations. In 1964, he represented the NUNS at the International Student Conference in Christchurch New Zealand. There he was elected as the Secretary for Africa for the world organization.
As soon as he graduated in Pharmacy in 1965, he proceeded to Leiden, Holland to work at the headquarters of the world organization. The organization known as the Coordinating Secretariat (COSEC/ISC) of the International Student Conference (ISC) was located in Leiden, Holland. He worked there from 1965-1968. As Secretary for Africa, he visited all African countries and was responsible for forming national student unions in many Francophone and Anglophone countries of Africa. He later became the Secretary-General of the organization. His responsibilities included serving as the administrative head of the worldwide student organization. It also included visiting Heads of governments in different countries to promote harmony between governments and student groups. In this capacity, he built student organizations in Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Americas. He led a seventeen-nation delegation to Nigeria during the civil war for advocacy and peaceful resolution of the conflict. The delegation visited the war front and the then Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon, who in a letter commended him for youth service to the nation. It is interesting to note that Olof Palme, who later became Prime Minister of Sweden, was once Secretary General of the same organization.
In the process of carrying out these responsibilities, Prince Adelusi-Adeluyi had to undergo an intensive language institute programme in Noordvijk, Holland, where he mastered a few European languages including French and Spanish. He also took off time to polish his Dutch. In the process of serving as Secretary-General, he traveled to 142 countries in all continents of the world, promoting student and youth programmes.
Career.
The Prince was appointed as the Minister of Health and social services in 1993. This made him the first and only pharmacist to occupy such a position. 
Memberships.
He was the first Rotary District Governor, 1982/1983 Rotary International District 9110 (covering all Nigeria). He won an award at the 1983 Toronto Rotary International convention as best of 403 Districts in the Rotary world in that year. A special letter of commendation was sent from the Head of State Alhaji Shehu Shagari in recognition of leadership in voluntary service organizations (1983). He has represented Rotary International Presidents at Rotary District conferences in many parts of the world. He received many awards including Rotary International’s highest award for service to Humanity in 1993.
He is also a member of so many other clubs and Associations:
Publications.
The Prince has published several articles on topics covering Health and Pharmacy, Law, University development and Voluntary Organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="56903604" url="?curid=56903604" title="Kashf Foundation">
Kashf Foundation

Kashf Foundation (Punjabi and ) is a non-profit organization, founded by Roshaneh Zafar in 1996. Kashf is regarded as the first microfinance institution (MFI) of Pakistan that uses village banking methodology in microcredit to alleviate poverty by providing affordable financial and non-financial services to low income households - particularly for women, to build their capacity and enhance their economic role. With headquarters in Lahore, Punjab, Kashf has regional offices in five major cities and over 200 branches across the Pakistan.
Recipient of many accolades, particularly in microfinance sector, it was awarded Microfinance Excellence Award by the Grameen Foundation and won the AGFUND Second International Prize for Microcredit, competing against 95 countries. In 2008, Kashf was ranked no. 34 among the Top 50 MFIs of the World by "Forbes". In 2016, Kashf became the first MFI of Pakistan to win a European Microfinance Award for Microfinance and Access to Education.
History.
Background.
In 1993, Zafar, an Ashoka Fellow, was a Development economics student at Yale, where she came to know about the pioneer of microcredit and microfinance sector, Muhammad Yunus of Grameen Bank and abandoned her plans to become an investment banker. Despite this she joined World Bank in Islamabad in the Water supply and sanitation department, where she attended a meeting about women and children in Islamabad sponsored by UNICEF and met Dr. Yunus and the two briefly talked about this work. During her fieldwork trip to Tharparkar, she noticed the desire of women's who wanted to work and generate income for their families. She decided to work for their sustainability and quit her job at World Bank and wrote to Dr. Yunus about her intentions, who flew her to Bangladesh where she spent ten-weeks at Grameen Foundation, attending workshops, sessions, trainings, visiting branches of Grameen Bank and studying their business model, and researching from the clients of foundation. Zafar traveled for a year touring Nepal and India understanding the structure of low-income households and was given $10,000 loan from Dr. Yunus to start her own organization. There with the help of Institut Européen d'Administration des Affaires (INSEAD) summer interns, she developed feasibility and business plan for women's businesses and female entrepreneurship in Pakistan.
Foundation.
After an extensive preliminary work in 1995, Zafar registered, Kashf as a "research" based program in Lahore, in June 1996, with a total staff of five women, with Zafar working as a loan officer. It took six-month for the Foundation, before anyone would borrow the money and by November 1996 it had distributed 15 loans, all of whom were women, who also became associated with the Kashf. According to Roshaneh, it was a "trust building" period. After the initial rounding Kashf, started training women through numeracy training and made the process of loan easier. The first amount of loans given were 4,000 PKR (roughly $80).
The initial two years were spent in understanding the market and the needs of clients in peri-urban and urban settings. The importance of standardized products, systems and policies, the simplification of procedures and reporting requirements, along with the significance of focusing on client satisfaction and developing clear cut financial performance indicators was highlighted. The action research phase was followed by a more focused approach to manage growth in the years 1999 – 2001. The following years were focused on growth of organization, with the main aspect of this phase was to make the branch structure more lean and efficient; an aspect which was critical for ensuring the long term viability of the programme, along with setting up a cash flow model which would ensure the sustainability of a branch within a set time period. By early 2001, Kashf had a network of five branches in Lahore and a client base of 5,088 customers located in 214 centers. Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund, Department for International Development, and the Agha Khan Foundation provided core funding.
Years, 2001-2004 saw the enhance outreach and deepen product offerings through cost effective and sustainable Kashf branches. Growing with quality was emphasized, adequate controls were established and the collection system was revamped. Kashf followed a lateral growth path by entering new markets and managing dispersed units. Kashf managed growth by widening outreach and deepening access by pioneering new products like micro-insurance. By end 2004, Kashf was providing financial services to over 68,000 clients through a network of 30 branches. As of April 2007, Kashf have 94 branches, 182,000 clients and operate in 12 different districts in two provinces of Pakistan.
In 2018, Kashf signed a $5 million loan by PROPARCO of French Development Agency (AFD) for its "commitment to financial inclusion and women empowerment in developing and emerging countries."
Etymology.
Kashf originates from Arabic word (), which translates as "unveiling" - Sufi concept rooted in Gnostic ideals dealing with knowledge of the heart rather than of the intellect. On naming the foundation Zafar explained, "I believe some things can get pre-ordained. One of most famous Sufi philosophers is buried here in Lahore. Kashf is a Sufi word, which means miracle or revelation or self-actualization. It’s a belief that God is within you, God is in humanity. Any individual can be a good individual. When I was in Bangladesh [with Grameen], the word 'Kashf' came to me."
Loans.
Due to the economic downturn, Kashf only provides income-generating loans. Apart from that Kashf has granted the business ‘surmaya’ loan to the Kashf Microfinance Bank, small entrepreneurship loans above US$1,000 have been given. However the purpose of the bank is to focus on job creation as 65% of the Pakistani population is below 25 years of age. About 2 to 3% loans are rejected. If people are late with three or four payments, they will be rejected the next time they ask for a loan. In cases of emergencies Foundation, we reschedule the loan to sustain the family. Kashf focuses product design, frequent small paybacks, and group dynamics in order to make micro-according financing successful, according to organization, "It’s important for clients to pay back their loans in regular and small amounts on a monthly basis."
Mission.
The mission of Kashf is to "Serve all with dignity by providing quality and cost effective microfinance services to low income households that alleviate poverty and enable women to become active agents of social and economic change, through building alliances, promoting linkages and developing entrepreneurship." Kashf became the first MFI to use mainstream media for social change. Today, Kashf has enabled access to over 1 million low-income individuals to micro-health insurance and has distributed over $496 million funds to its clients. Kashf piloted research in women development has 55% rate of business led by women.
Business model and strategy.
Zafar's organization, Kashf Holdings (Pvt) Limited, is one of major shareholders in FINCA Microfinance Bank Limited of Pakistan, one of 20 community-based microfinance institutions and banks that offers financial services to low-income clients, which itself is a part of FINCA International's, FINCA Impact Finance Network. It follows FINCA International model, sustaining itself from the income earned through its loan portfolio. Its approach leverages available capital and promotes greater transparency, sustainability and higher standards of business practices. Initially Kashf used, "solidarity" methodology similar of Grameen, wherein groups of people take out loans together.
In 2009, Kashf established the "Kashf Microfinance Bank", which provides a savings source and deposits are usually regulated by State Bank of Pakistan. Kashf targets women and families and helping in family enterprises. The foundation assess families for their business plan, validity of their proposal, future prospects, and their reputation within their community. And together they develops a business plan with the whole family looking into their debt management capacity and proceeds with the loan. Kashf is a third-largest private microlender in Pakistan.
Innovation and Partnerships.
Kashf Foundation was the first MFI to demonstrate a women centric model in Pakistan, they developed women friendly microfinance products and a delivery methodology that addressed women's unique collaborative strengths. Kashf introduced micro-savings for low-income households and achieved both operational and financial self-sufficiency in 2003. Kashf was the first micro-finance institute to generate a consumer protection code. The Foundation raised commercial debt through the issuance of term finance certificates in 2007 and scaled up an appraisal backed lending model for low-income clients with two tiered financial education program for clients. Kashf has achieved progress in poverty status elevating 30% of its clients above the poverty line with households have a greater ability to save and quality life. They get better nutrition and can afford better health care. On the social side, women are more empowered and about 50% of the microfinance clients are Pakistani women.
In 2015, Kashf became the first institution to offer financial services to the low-cost private school sector in Pakistan, by initiating its pilot program, Kashf School Sarmaya (KSS). Since its inception it has worked with more than 400 schools across Pakistan. Approximately 90 percent of KSS borrowers serve students from households making less than 400 PKR ($4) a day.
Kashf has worked with a multitude of bilateral and multilateral donors, both national and international partners and NGOs including: Global Affairs Canada, FINCA International, Ernst and Young, Department for International Development, Grameen Foundation, Acumen Fund, ShoreBank, Women's World Banking, Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, United Bank Limited, Askari Bank, JS Bank, Jubilee Insurance Company Limited, Kiva, Meezan Bank, OMV, HBL Pakistan, MCB Bank Limited, Skoll Foundation, Triodos Bank, Agha Khan Foundation, and among other local and international microfinance state and private sectors.
Media and social platforms.
Kashf had used theater for social development. Issues regarding education of girls, dowry, or violence against women have been approached through this medium. According to Zafar, "It’s part of our communication strategy in the field." In 2013, Kashf Foundation started collaborating through entrainment medium particularly of television, highlighting the issues of women in Pakistan, creating popular and acclaimed television series such as "Rehaai", "Udaari", and "Aakhri Station". Kashf also has several other training and mentoring programs such as the Business Incubation Lab, which enables rising entrepreneurs to expand their businesses by learning to make networks, showcasing products and studying competition. These programs have successfully trained thousands of women leading them running them own businesses. Kashf has been praised for its initiatives towards these issues.

</doc>
<doc id="56903608" url="?curid=56903608" title="Mangrove nine">
Mangrove nine


</doc>
<doc id="56903616" url="?curid=56903616" title="Jean Michel Larrasket">
Jean Michel Larrasket

Jean-Michel Larrasket (, ) (22 May 1950 – 19 March 2018), was a French professor and engineer, as well as vice president for the French Basque Country in the Basque Studies Society. He was a promoter of several projects for the social and economic development of the French Basque Country, and he was also one of the founders of the "Eticoop" cooperative that promotes entrepreneurship in this geographical area.
Biography.
Larrasket's parents were from the town of Barcus in Zuberoa, and consequently Larrasket always kept a close relationship with the town. He studied engineering in Toulouse and at the beginning of the 80s he started as a professor at the IUT in Bayonne. Ten years later he became a professor at the ESTIA School (School of Advanced Industrial Technology of Bidarte and Biarritz) and in the school of Business of the Mondragón University. In his lasts years, before retiring, he was professor in the University of Pau and Pays de l'Adour.
He was also a member of the Basque Summer University, where in 1986 in Pamplona he delivered an inaugural speech with the title of "New technologies and Euskera in the northern Basque Country".
In 2012, he became vice president for the French Basque Country in the Basque Studies Society, a position he would hold until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="56903620" url="?curid=56903620" title="Ban Soc bent-toed gecko">
Ban Soc bent-toed gecko

The Ban Soc bent-toed gecko ("Cyrtodactylus bansocensis") is a species of gecko endemic to central Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="56903625" url="?curid=56903625" title="Cyrtodactylus bansocensis">
Cyrtodactylus bansocensis


</doc>
<doc id="56903644" url="?curid=56903644" title="Luohu Station">
Luohu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903645" url="?curid=56903645" title="Park Byung-ro">
Park Byung-ro

Park Byung-ro (born 21 July 1962) is a South Korean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903651" url="?curid=56903651" title="Dentocorticium hyphopaxillosum">
Dentocorticium hyphopaxillosum

Dentocorticium hyphopaxillosum is a species of crust fungus in the family Polyporaceae. It is found in the Guangxi Autonomous Region of southern China, where it grows on fallen angiosperm branches. It was first described in 2014 as "Dendrodontia hyphopaxillosa" by mycologists Meng-Jie Li and Hai-Sheng Yuan, who thought it was related to other species of "Dendrodontia" based on morphological characteristics. It was transferred to the genus "Dentocorticium" in 2018 based on phylogenetic analysis; "Dendrodontia" was synonymized with "Dentocorticium". Characteristics of "D. hyphopaxillosum" include its crust-like fruit bodies, cylindrical hyphal pegs, contorted dendrohyphidia that are frequently branched, and spores with an ellipsoid to somewhat cylindrical shape.

</doc>
<doc id="56903654" url="?curid=56903654" title="Park Byung-Ro">
Park Byung-Ro


</doc>
<doc id="56903660" url="?curid=56903660" title="Cyrtodactylus basoglui">
Cyrtodactylus basoglui


</doc>
<doc id="56903663" url="?curid=56903663" title="Guomao Station (Shenzhen)">
Guomao Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56903665" url="?curid=56903665" title="Francis whately">
Francis whately


</doc>
<doc id="56903666" url="?curid=56903666" title="Kim Jin-hae">
Kim Jin-hae

Kim Jin-hae (born 9 April 1962) is a South Korean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903667" url="?curid=56903667" title="1791 Connecticut's at-large congressional district special election">
1791 Connecticut's at-large congressional district special election

Amasa Learned (Pro-Administration) was elected September 19, 1791 in to finish the term of Roger Sherman (Pro-Administration). Sherman had been re-elected in 1790, but resigned June 13, 1791 to become U.S. Senator.

</doc>
<doc id="56903670" url="?curid=56903670" title="Laojie Station">
Laojie Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903673" url="?curid=56903673" title="Kim Jin-Hae">
Kim Jin-Hae


</doc>
<doc id="56903675" url="?curid=56903675" title="Kapak Urku">
Kapak Urku


</doc>
<doc id="56903676" url="?curid=56903676" title="Grand Theater Station">
Grand Theater Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903680" url="?curid=56903680" title="Science Museum Station">
Science Museum Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903684" url="?curid=56903684" title="David Estuardo">
David Estuardo


</doc>
<doc id="56903686" url="?curid=56903686" title="Eu Woo-youn">
Eu Woo-youn

Eu Woo-youn (born 31 January 1967) is a South Korean alpine skier. He competed in three events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903688" url="?curid=56903688" title="Huaqiang Road Station">
Huaqiang Road Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903690" url="?curid=56903690" title="The Four Great Academy Presidents">
The Four Great Academy Presidents

The Four Great Academy Presidents (or The Four Great Art Academy Presidents) is the title earned by four pioneers of Chinese modern art: Yan Wenliang, Lin Fengmian, Xu Beihong and Liu Haisu. These artists were revered in the early Republican Era due to their effective stewardship of the Soochow College of Art, the Hangzhou National School of Fine Art, the Art Department of Central University and the Shanghai Academy of Arts respectively.
Careers.
Yan Wenliang (20 July 1893 - 1 May 1988) was a Chinese painter and educator, who is regarded as one of the fathers of Chinese oil painting and an important art educator of his time. Born in Suzhou, Jiangsu province, Yan began studying painting in 1909, founded the Suzhou Art Academy in 1922 and went to Paris in 1929, enrolling in the L'Ecole Superieure Nationale des Beaux Arts, making him, along with Xu Beihong and Sanyu, one of the earliest Chinese artists to study abroad in France.
Lin Fengmian (November 22, 1900 – August 12, 1991), originally Lin Fengming, was a Chinese painter and is considered a pioneer of modern Chinese painting for blending Chinese and Western styles. He was also an important innovator in the area of Chinese art education.
Liu Haisu (16 March 1896 – 7 August 1994) was a prominent twentieth-century Chinese painter and a noted art educator. He excelled in Chinese painting and oil painting.
Xu Beihong (19 July 1895 – 26 September 1953) was a Chinese painter born in Yixing, Jiangsu province. He was primarily known for his Chinese ink paintings of horses and birds and was one of the first Chinese artists to articulate the need for artistic expressions that reflected a modern China at the beginning of the 20th century. He was also regarded as one of the first to create monumental oil paintings with epic Chinese themes – a show of his high proficiency in an essential Western art technique.

</doc>
<doc id="56903694" url="?curid=56903694" title="Smart drum trigger">
Smart drum trigger


</doc>
<doc id="56903696" url="?curid=56903696" title="Eu Woo-Youn">
Eu Woo-Youn


</doc>
<doc id="56903697" url="?curid=56903697" title="Dendrodontia hyphopaxillosa">
Dendrodontia hyphopaxillosa


</doc>
<doc id="56903699" url="?curid=56903699" title="Yoo Woo-youn">
Yoo Woo-youn


</doc>
<doc id="56903700" url="?curid=56903700" title="Gangxia Station">
Gangxia Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903706" url="?curid=56903706" title="Convention and Exhibition Center Station (Shenzhen)">
Convention and Exhibition Center Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56903709" url="?curid=56903709" title="Shopping Park Station">
Shopping Park Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903713" url="?curid=56903713" title="Xiangmihu Station">
Xiangmihu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903716" url="?curid=56903716" title="Chegongmiao Station">
Chegongmiao Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903721" url="?curid=56903721" title="Zhuzilin Station">
Zhuzilin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903723" url="?curid=56903723" title="Qiaocheng East Station">
Qiaocheng East Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903726" url="?curid=56903726" title="Overseas Chinese Town Station">
Overseas Chinese Town Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903731" url="?curid=56903731" title="Window of the World Station">
Window of the World Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903734" url="?curid=56903734" title="Baishizhou Station">
Baishizhou Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903736" url="?curid=56903736" title="Pseudorhombus arsius">
Pseudorhombus arsius

Pseudorhombus arsius, the largetooth flounder, is a species of left-eyed flatfish, that is the dark side with the eyes on the adult fish is the left side of the fish's body, from the family Paralichthyidae. As "Rhombus polyspilos" it was named as the type species of the genus "Pseudorhombus". It is an Indo-Pacific species and is fished for by both recreational and commercial fisheries.
Description.
"Pseudorhombus arsius" has an oval-shaped body which has a depth which is 1.8 to 2.3 times its standard length. The head has a slight notch in front of upper eye. The eyes are on the left side and have a diameter which is a fifth of the length of the head and the snout has a length equal to or slightly greater than the diameter of the eye. The dorsal fin starts in front of its upper eye and of the nostrils on blind side. The mouth forms a deep cleft with the maxilla normally almost half the length of the head. The jaws and teeth are nearly equally developed on both jaws. The upper jaw reaches to below the posterior edge of the lower eye. There are several pairs of moderately large caniform teeth in the anterior parts of both jaws, which are of unequal size and arranged in a single row. These number 5 to 8 in the lower jaw on the eyed side, and 6 to 13 lateral teeth in lower jaw of blind side which are more robust and more widely spaced than those of upper jaw. The gill rakers are pointed, longer than they are broad. 
It has simple fin-rays which number 71–84 in the dorsal fin, 53–62 in the anal fin and 11–13 in the pectoral fin. The lateral line curves above the pectoral fin has 69-81 scales and there are 36 vertebrae. In the dorsal fin the longest rays are found in the posterior third and only the rearmost three or four rays are branched, as at the last five anal fin rays. Two dark spots are situated on the central part of its dorsal surface, one just to the posterior of the pectoral fin and the second is midway between that the forward spot and the tail. The body is greenish to pale brownish in colour and is normally marked with variously sized rings, and there is frequently two dark blotches on the straight and the curved sections of the lateral line with a smaller blotch which is half-way to the caudal-fin peduncle. It can vary the colour of the body so that it closely matches the surface the fish rests on. They grow to 50 cm, but 30 cm in length is the more usual size
Distribution.
"Pseudorhombus arsius" is found in the tropical and temperate waters from the Persian Gulf and the eastern coast of Africa as far south as Algoa Bay and possibly even Knysna to Fiji in the western Pacific, to southern Japan in the north and as far south as the northern coast of Australia. It may extend as far south as the Bass Strait.
Habitat and biology.
"Pseudorhombus arsius" occurs in shallow waters and in estuaries where the substrate consists of mud and sand bottoms, to depths of 200 m. The juveniles are common in brackish water. When they are spawning they are found in shallow water on sandbanks and close to shore. They move to deeper waters in the winter. They are predators which prey mainly on benthic animals. The spawning season runs for 3 to 4 months, from April to July and peaks in April and May, during which they move into the sandy shallows close to the shore. The spawn is laid in a single batch. They mature when they attain a total length of between 16 and 17 cm in total length. The sex ratio is always biased towards females and the fecundity of the fish is dependent on its total length and body weight.
Fisheries.
"Pseudorhombus arsius" is subjected to a minor commercial fishery in West Bengal in the estuary of the Hooghly River. Otherwise it is a quarry for recreational angling.

</doc>
<doc id="56903739" url="?curid=56903739" title="Hi-Tech Park Station">
Hi-Tech Park Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903743" url="?curid=56903743" title="Shenzhen University Station">
Shenzhen University Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903745" url="?curid=56903745" title="Taoyuan Station (Shenzhen)">
Taoyuan Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56903747" url="?curid=56903747" title="Daxin Station">
Daxin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903749" url="?curid=56903749" title="Howard Beach–JFK">
Howard Beach–JFK


</doc>
<doc id="56903750" url="?curid=56903750" title="Liyumen Station">
Liyumen Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903752" url="?curid=56903752" title="Howard Beach JFK">
Howard Beach JFK


</doc>
<doc id="56903760" url="?curid=56903760" title="Qianhaiwan Station">
Qianhaiwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903763" url="?curid=56903763" title="Xin'an Station">
Xin'an Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903766" url="?curid=56903766" title="Bao'an Center Station">
Bao'an Center Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903770" url="?curid=56903770" title="Bao'an Stadium Station">
Bao'an Stadium Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903773" url="?curid=56903773" title="Pingzhou Station">
Pingzhou Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903775" url="?curid=56903775" title="Xixiang Station">
Xixiang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903777" url="?curid=56903777" title="Vivigani Ardune Conservation Park">
Vivigani Ardune Conservation Park

 
Vivigani Ardune Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Australian state of South Australia in the locality of Lucindale about south-east of the state capital of Adelaide and about north-west of the town of Lucindale.
The conservation park consists of land described as “Allotment 1 of Filed Plan 18259” and which is located in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Townsend. It came into existence on 20 March 2008 by proclamation under the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972". The name which was approved on 17 July 2006 is derived from two nearby places – the Vivigani Sanctuary which is a private protected area declared under the above-mentioned act in 1974 and which occupies adjoining land to the conservation park's west, the south and the east, and the Ardune Range, a geographical feature. As of 2016, it covered an area of .
In 2008, the conservation park was described by Gail Gago, the then Minister for Environment and Conservation as follows:Vivigani Ardune Conservation Park is well covered in intact native vegetation and provides an important link between other properties managed for conservation. The land contains regionally threatened vegetation associations (dryland tea-tree woodland and tussock grassland), regionally threatened flora (Blue Devil), and fauna of conservation significance, including the Yellow-tailed Black Cockatoo, the Little Lorikeet, the Diamond Firetail, and the Red-necked Wallaby.
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category III protected area.

</doc>
<doc id="56903778" url="?curid=56903778" title="Gushu Station">
Gushu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903783" url="?curid=56903783" title="Hourui Station">
Hourui Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903785" url="?curid=56903785" title="Airport East Station">
Airport East Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903795" url="?curid=56903795" title="Etilda Gjonaj">
Etilda Gjonaj

Etilda Gjonaj (born May 6, 1981) is an Albanian politician, lawyer, and professor. She is currently the Minister of Justice of Albania.
Early life.
Etilda Gjonaj was born Etilda Saliu in Pukë, Albania on 6 May 1981. In 2003, Gjonaj graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Tirana. She was admitted as an attorney the next year. In 2011, Gjonaj received a Master's degree in criminal science from the University of Tirana.
Gjonaj also lectured at the University of Tirana prior to taking public office.
Political career.
On 10 April 2014, the Parliament of Albania appointed Gjonaj to a three-year term as one of the three commissioners of the Office of the People's Advocate. She served in this role until April 2017, alongside Arben Shkembi and Ermir Kapedani.
On 22 May 2017, Gjonaj was appointed the Deputy Minister of Justice.
In August 2017, Prime Minister Edi Rama announced that he was appointing Gjonaj as the minister of justice.
Gjonaj is a member of the Socialist Party.
Personal life.
Gjonaj is married to Irvelin Gjonaj. They have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="56903800" url="?curid=56903800" title="Valentin Gichev">
Valentin Gichev

Valentin Gichev (, born 15 January 1961) is a Bulgarian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903804" url="?curid=56903804" title="2018–19 Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team">
2018–19 Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team

The 2018–19 Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team represented Michigan State University in the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Spartans were led by 24th-year head coach Tom Izzo and played their home games at Breslin Center in East Lansing, Michigan as members of the Big Ten Conference.
With a win over in-state rival Michigan on March 9, 2019, the Spartans earned a share of the Big Ten regular season championship, marking back-to-back championships for the school. It also marked the school's ninth conference championship under Tom Izzo. They finished the season 32–7, 16–4 to earn a share of the Big Ten championship. As the No. 1 seed in the Big Ten Tournament, they defeated Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Michigan for the third time on the season to win the tournament championship. The win over Ohio State on March 15, marked Tom Izzo's 600th career win. The Tournament win marked the school's sixth championship, the most in the Big Ten. The Spartans received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament as the No. 2 seed in the East Region. There they defeated Bradley and Minnesota to advance to the team's first Sweet Sixteen since 2015. In the Sweet Sixteen, they defeated No. 3-seeded LSU to advance to the Elite Eight. There they defeated overall No. 1 seed Duke to advance to the school's 10th Final Four and eighth under Izzo. In the Final Four, they lost to No. 3-seeded Texas Tech.
Guard Cassius Winston was named the Big Ten Player of the Year, the ninth player in MSU history to receive the award. Winston was also named to several All-American lists, including the AP and Sporting News first team.
Previous season.
The Spartans finished the 2017–18 season 30–5, 16–2 in Big Ten play to win the regular season championship. As the No. 1 seed in the Big Ten Tournament, they beat Wisconsin in the quarterfinals before losing to Michigan in the semifinals. The Spartans received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament, their 21st consecutive trip under Izzo, as the No. 3 seed in the Midwest region. They defeated No. 14 Bucknell in the First Round before losing to No. 11-seeded Syracuse in the Second Round. As a result, the Spartans failed to make the Sweet Sixteen for the third consecutive year, a first for the Spartans with Izzo as head coach. The 16 Big Ten wins for the Spartans marked a school record and the 30 overall wins was only the fourth time in school history that the Spartans had won at least 30 games (all under Izzo).
The Spartans were led by Miles Bridges (17.1 points and 7.0 rebounds per game), Cassius Winston (12.4 points and 6.9 assists per game), and Nick Ward (12.1 points and 7.1 rebounds per game).
Offseason.
Departures.
On March 28, 2018, Miles Bridges announced he would hire an agent and declared for the NBA draft, ending his college career. On April 2, Jaren Jackson Jr. announced he would also enter the draft and sign with an agent. 
Recruiting class.
On April 5, 2016, four-star power forward Thomas Kithier announced he would attend Michigan State. On November 22, 2016, four-star point guard Foster Loyer committed to MSU. He is the son of former Detroit Pistons Head Coach John Loyer. After receiving an offer three days prior, four-star small forward Gabe Brown announced on June 20, 2017 that he will play for the Spartans in 2018. On June 30, 2017, three-star power forward Marcus Bingham Jr. announced he would play for MSU in 2018. On September 11, 2017, four-star small forward Aaron Henry committed to play basketball at MSU in 2018. According to scout.com, after the commit of Aaron Henry, the Spartans had the third best recruiting class in 2018.
Coaching rumors.
Following a tumultuous season off the court, it was rumored that the Orlando Magic were interested in at least interviewing Tom Izzo for their vacant head coaching position. Shortly thereafter, it was reported that Izzo would not take the job.
Early offseason rankings.
In April 2018, most early pollsters included Michigan State as a preseason top-15 team for the 2018–19 season. These included ESPN (No. 11), "Sports Illustrated" (No. 12), Yahoo! Sports (No. 9), "USA Today" (No. 8), NBC Sports (No. 13), CBS Sports (No. 11), "Sporting News" (No. 10), and Bleacher Report (No. 19).
Following the deadline to withdraw from the NBA Draft, many media outlets released updated early top 25 rankings for the 2017–18 season. Most pollsters included Michigan State in the preseason top 25 for the 2018–19 season: ESPN (No. 9), "Sports Illustrated" (No. 9), NBC Sports (No. 13), and CBS Sports (No. 11).
Returning players.
On March 29, 2018, Nick Ward announced he too would enter the NBA draft, but he would not sign with an agent. On May 29, one day before the deadline to withdraw from the draft, Ward announced he would return to Michigan State.
Preseason.
Shortly after the team started practice in late September 2018, head coach Tom Izzo announced that Matt McQuaid and Joshua Langford had been named team captains.
On October 5, Michigan State held its annual Midnight Madness at Breslin Center. Tom Izzo appeared via a magic trick and the school announced a celebration of the 40th anniversary of the 1979 NCAA National Championship team led by Earvin "Magic" Johnson. The team announced they would wear throwback 1979 jerseys as they celebrated "40 Years of Magic."
Preseason rankings.
In its preseason college preview, Lindy's Sports ranked Michigan State No. 10 in the country. The Blue Ribbon Yearbook also listed MSU as No. 10. Athlon Sports also ranked MSU as No. 10 in the country and picked the Spartans to win the Big Ten. The Spartans were ranked 10th in both the AP and Coaches preseason polls.
Preseason Big Ten Poll.
Prior to the conference's annual media day, awards and a poll were chosen by a panel of 28 writers, two for each team in the conference. Michigan State was picked to win the conference, receiving 24 of the 28 first place votes. Cassius Winston was named first-team All-Big Ten.
At the Big Ten media day, Cassius Winston and Nick Ward were named to the 10-member All-Big Ten Preseason Team.
"Secret" scrimmage.
On October 27, 2018, the Spartans scrimmaged against No. 3-ranked Gonzaga at Target Center in Minneapolis. The scrimmage consisted of two 20-minute halves that both began scoreless, as well as two five-minute periods for freshmen and walk-ons. Gonzaga won both halves, 58–46 in the first and 52–46 in the second. Nick Ward led the Spartans with 22 points and 12 rebounds. Cassius Winston added 16 points and eight assists, but turned the ball over six times. Sophomore Xavier Tillman also had 16 points.
Exhibition.
The Spartans played Tom Izzo's alma mater, Division II Northern Michigan, in an exhibition game at Breslin Center on October 30, 2018. The Spartans defeated the Wildcats 93–47 behind Nick Ward's 24 points and nine rebounds. Cassius Winston added 13 points and seven assists as MSU shot 49.2 percent from the field. Only freshman wing Aaron Henry played major minutes for the Spartans as the other members of MSU's five-man freshmen class did not enter the game until late in the first half.
Regular season.
Kansas.
On November 6, 2018, MSU faced No. 1-ranked Kansas in the Champions Classic in Indianapolis. The Spartans struggled with Kansas' size on the inside and fell behind by as many as 17 in the first half. Nick Ward struggled throughout the game, shooting only 25% from the field. Joshua Langford, who led the Spartans with 18 points only scored three in the first half as MSU trailed by 14 at halftime. MSU also struggled from the free throw line, shooting only 65%, including less than 50% in the first half. Kenny Goins made three three-pointers and Langford scored 15 in the second half as MSU narrowed the lead to three with less than a minute remaining. However, the Spartans could not come closer, falling 92–87. Cassius Winston had 11 points in the loss and turned the ball over five times. Goins added a career-high 17 points and led the Spartans with 11 rebounds.
Florida Gulf Coast.
On November 11, MSU opened its home schedule facing Florida Gulf Coast. Nick Ward recovered from his difficult game against the Jayhawks to shoot seven of 11 from the field and made 11 free throws while scoring 25 points to lead the Spartans. MSU's offense showed no issues, scoring 106 points in the blowout of the Eagles. However, MSU's defense allowed 82 points, much to the chagrin of Tom Izzo. Langford added 18 points while Cassius Winston scored 14 and added eight assists as MSU moved to 1–1 on the season.
Louisiana–Monroe.
Three days later, MSU welcomed Louisiana–Monroe to Breslin Center. Nick Ward left the game midway through the first half with an ankle injury and only played five minutes. As a result, the game remained close through the opening minutes of the second half when Cassius Winston got hot, scoring 13 of his team-high 23 points early in the half. The Spartans then pulled away to win 80–59. Kenny Goins notched a career-high 15 rebounds while Xavier Tillman added 11 points and 13 rebounds in the win. After the game, Izzo said that he didn't think Ward's injury was anything serious.
Tennessee Tech.
On November 18, Tennessee Tech visited Breslin and Spartans were unkind hosts. MSU obliterated the Golden Eagles by 68 points, tying the biggest win in school history and marking the largest win by a team under Tom Izzo. Nick Ward, started and showed no ill effects from his injury in the previous game as he scored 23 points in 23 minutes. MSU held the Eagles to only 14 first-half points in the win. Cassius Winston added 19 points and six assists as MSU moved to 3–1 on the season, winning 101–33.
UCLA.
The Spartans then traveled to Las Vegas to face UCLA in the Las Vegas Invitational on Thanksgiving. The No. 11-ranked Spartans ran the No. 17-ranked Bruins off the court, taking an early lead and leading 51–26 at the half. Cassius Winston again had 19 points while Nick Ward added 16. Kenny Goins notched 13 rebounds in the blowout as MSU led by as many as 29. Josh Langford added 14 points in the 87–67 blowout.
Texas.
In the championship game of the Las Vegas Invitational, MSU faced Texas who had upset No. 7-ranked North Carolina the previous day. MSU turned the ball over repeatedly in the early minutes of the game and the Longhorns jumped out to a quick double digit lead. With eight minutes remaining in the first half, Texas pushed the lead to 19 and the Spartans looked out of sorts. However, Josh Langford took control for the Spartans, scoring 29 points as they roared back to take the lead early in the second half. MSU, helped by Cassius Winston's 20 points, held on to notch another double digit win, winning 78–68 to earn the Invitational championship and pushing their record to 5–1 on the season.
Louisville.
On November 27, newly No. 9-ranked MSU traveled to face Louisville as part of the ACC–Big Ten Challenge. The Spartans, who played without starting guard Matt McQuaid who suffered a thigh bruise late against Texas, struggled against Louisville. Without McQuaid, Cassius Winston played the majority of the game at the point and, at times, showed fatigue. He would eventually foul out with about four minutes remaining in the game. MSU trailed by six at halftime, but narrowed the lead and eventually took the lead in the second half. However, missed free throws, nine in the game, resulted in the Spartans being unable to put the game away. In overtime, the Spartans could not get enough shots to fall as they lost 82–78. Kenny Goins notched a career-high 17 rebounds, but failed to take a shot or score a point in the game. Kyle Ahrens, starting for McQuaid, played well, scoring 15 points. The loss dropped MSU to 5–2 on the season.
Rutgers.
MSU next traveled to face Rutgers to open the early portion of the Big Ten schedule on November 30. Rutgers, who sold out the RAC for the first time in November in over 20 years, started hot, taking an early lead. However, MSU, still playing without Matt McQuaid, rallied to take a two-point lead at the half. Cassius Winston scored a game-high 22 points as MSU opened a 13-point lead in the game. Rutgers brought the game close as the second half came to a close, but the Spartans held on to win by 11. Nick Ward played well, pouring in 20 points on seven of 12 shooting from the field. Joshua Langford added 14 as MSU moved to 6–2 on the season and 1–0 in Big Ten play.
Iowa.
Three days later, the Spartans returned home for the first time in over two weeks to face No. 18 Iowa. Iowa took an early lead and kept the game close through most of the first half, but the MSU defense dominated the game. The Spartans held Iowa to 32.8% shooting from the field and 27.3% from three. MSU, behind Nick Ward's perfect 10–10 tonight pushed the lead to as many as 28 in the second half as they dominated the Hawkeyes in the game. Kenny Goins added a career-high 19 points and 14 points in the game while Xavier Tillman also added a career-high 14. Cassius Winston notched 12 assists in the game and turned the ball over only one time. The Spartans only committed eight turnovers in the game after entering the game averaging over 13 a game. The 90–68 win moved MSU to 7–2 on the season and 2–0 in Big Ten play.
Florida.
MSU returned to non-conference play as they traveled to face Florida on December 8. MSU led for the majority of the game leading by as many as 12, but could never put the game away. The Spartans returned to their turnover struggles, giving the ball up 15 times in the game. Tom Izzo continued to shorten his bench as Matt McQuaid made his return though did not start. Only eight players saw the floor for MSU and Cassius Winston seemed to struggle with fatigue, scoring only 10 points on four of 13 shooting including 0–5 from three. Kyle Ahrens, who started his third straight game, finished the scoring for the Spartans with seven straight points including a dunk as the shot clock expired with less than 10 seconds remaining to give the Spartans the 63–59 win. Xavier Tillman led the Spartans with 14 points while Josh Langford and Nick Ward added 13 each. The win moved the Spartans to 8–2 on the season.
Green Bay.
After eight days off for finals, the Spartans returned to play at Breslin Center against Green Bay. The Phoenix shot well from the field early, making 10 of their first 15 shots and taking a 24–20 lead. However, from there the Spartans dominated behind Nick Ward's career-high 28 points and led 64–35 at the half. Cassius Winston scored 16 points and dished out 12 assists in the blowout while Josh Langford added 13. MSU even played all five freshmen from its recruiting class at the same time late in the game as the Spartans won easily 104–83. Michigan State dominated the boards, out-rebounding Green Bay 56–34. The win moved the Spartans to 9–2 on the season.
Oakland.
Five days later, the Spartans welcomed Oakland to East Lansing. Cassius Winston scored 26 points and Xavier Tillman had five assists as the Spartans blew out the Grizzlies 99–69. MSU shot 58.5% from the field in the rout of Oakland. However, the Spartans did allow 13 made three-pointers by Oakland which left Tom Izzo less than happy after the game. The win moved MSU to 10–2 on the season with only one non-conference game remaining.
Northern Illinois.
In the final non-conference game of the season, MSU welcomed MSU alum and former Izzo assistant Mark Montgomery and his NIU Huskies to Breslin Center. The Spartans quickly out-paced the Huskies and dominated the first half, leading 43–19 at the break. Cassius Winston scored 24 points on six of seven shooting from three. Winston also dished out seven assists as Kenny Goins added 12 points in the blowout of the Huskies. Josh Langford struggled from the floor in the first half and did not play in the second with an ankle injury. The 88–60 win moved MSU to 11–2 on the season. Langford would not play in another game in the 2018–19 or 2019–20 season. Langford would not play another game until the 2020–21 season.
Northwestern.
Returning to the Big Ten season brought Northwestern to East Lansing on January 2. The Spartans played without Josh Langford who was in a boot before the game. Northwestern played well to start the game, but MSU went on a 26–8 run to end the first half to blow the game open. Nick Ward scored all 21 of his points in the first half as the Wildcats chose not to double team him. Leading by 20 at the half, MSU pushed the lead to as many as 32 in the second half before easing off the gas and winning by 26. Cassius Winston scored 13 points with 12 assists in the 81–55 win. The win moved Michigan State to 12–2 on the season and 3–0 in Big Ten play.
Ohio State.
Three days later, MSU hit the road to take on No. 14-ranked Ohio State looking to move to 4–0 on the season. Cassius Winston struggled in the first half and was challenged by Tom Izzo at halftime. Winston responded, scoring 25 points to overcome a 43–36 halftime deficit. Nick Ward added 21 points and eight rebounds as the Spartans pulled away late to beat the Buckeyes by nine. The Spartans shot over 80% from the free throw line in the win including Ward who went 11–14. MSU moved to 13–2 on the season and 4–0 in conference. Josh Langford missed his second consecutive game.
Purdue.
The newly AP-ranked No. 6 Spartans (No. 5 in the coaches poll) returned home to face Purdue on January 8. MSU started slow, trailing for the first 10 minutes of the first half, but overcame the slow start to take control of the game by halftime. The Big Ten's leading scorer, Purdue's Carsen Edwards, was contained by MSU's tough defense and limited to 12 points on four of 12 shooting in the game. Cassius Winston took control in the second half, scoring 23 points as the Spartans pulled away late to win 77–59. Nick Ward added 16 points as MSU played once again without Josh Langford. The win moved the Spartans to 14–2 on the season and 5–0 in Big Ten play.
Penn State.
MSU returned to the road on January 13 to face Penn State. The Spartans were again without Josh Langford and Kyle Ahrens, Langford's replacement in the starting lineup, missed the game with a back injury. MSU led from the start, however. Nick Ward scored 16 points for the Spartans while Matt McQuaid scored 15 and Cassius Winston scored 11. Michigan State turned the ball over 17 times but only trailed for 10 seconds in the game, leading by as many as 21. The 71–56 win marked MSU's 10th straight win. However, Tom Izzo was not pleased after the game and said Winston played one of his worst games. The win tied the school record for consecutive regular season conference wins at 18.
Nebraska.
The Spartans continued their road trip to face Nebraska in Lincoln. The game remained tight throughout the first half, but MSU pulled away late to earn a 70–64 win, without both Josh Langford or Kyle Ahrens for the second consecutive game. Cassius Winston rebounded from his poor outing against Penn State in the previous game and led the way with a career-high 29 points. Winston went over 1,00 career points for MSU in the game as Nick Ward also added 15 points and 10 rebounds. MSU's defense again held a star player in check, limiting James Palmer Jr. to six of 21 from the field, though he did score 24 points. The win improved the Spartans' record to 16–2 on the season and 7–0 in conference play and set a school record with their 19th straight conference regular season win.
Maryland.
Four days later, Michigan State returned home to face No. 13-ranked Maryland. The Spartans jumped out to an early first half lead before Maryland tied the game at 20 in the first half. MSU, however, answered an 11–0 run to end the half and never trailed again. MSU moved the lead to as much as 22 in the second half and finished with a 69–55 victory. The win moved MSU to sole possession of first place in the Big Ten as the only remaining undefeated team in conference. Kenny Goins and Cassius Winston led the way in scoring with 14 points apiece. Kyle Ahrens returned from a back injury to score four points. Nick Ward had one of the worst games of his MSU career, battling foul trouble and failed to score. The win marked MSU's 20th consecutive Big Ten regular season victory, extending the school record. The win improved MSU's record to 17–2 on the season and 8–0 in conference.
Iowa.
On January 24, the Spartans traveled to face No, 19 Iowa in Iowa City. In their seventh straight game without Josh Langford, the Spartans struggled in the first half and trailed by as many as eight later in the half. MSU was able to narrow the lead to only a four-point deficit at half time. Iowa increased its lead again to eight early in the second half before MSU countered with 24–2 run to put the game out of reach. MSU moved the lead to as many as 18 in the second half as Cassius Winston took control, scoring 23 points and Nick Ward poured in 21. The Spartans made 21 of 22 free throw attempts in the game which helped lead to the win. The win, the school's 21st straight regular season conference win, moved MSU to 18–2 and 9–0 on the season.
Purdue.
Three days later, MSU traveled to face Purdue in West Lafayette. Purdue dominate from the start leading throughout the first half and pushing the halftime score to 37–19. Purdue pushed the lead to as many as 24 in the second half before the MSU offense roared back while MSU limited Purdue's offense. Behind Cassius Winston's 23 points and eight assists, the Spartans moved to within four points with less than three minutes remaining in the game. Tom Izzo then chose to foul Purdue guard Nojel Eastern who was a 45% free throw shooter, but he made six straight free throws to close out the game. The Spartans fell 73–63, ending their 15-game winning streak and their 21-game conference regular season streak. The loss moved the Spartans to 18–3 and 9–1 on the season.
Indiana.
After playing three games in six days, the Spartans had five days to prepare for a visit from Indiana. A few days before the game, it was announced that guard Josh Langford, who had missed the previous eight games, would miss the remainder of the season. In an ESPN Gameday visit, the Spartans struggled from the foul line, making only eight of 22 free throws. The Hoosiers, who had lost seven straight games, led for most of the first half, but MSU narrowed the lead to three at the half. Cassius Winston scored 26 for the Spartans, but MSU, known for its rebounding, were outrebounded by Indiana including 20 offensive rebounds. As MSU struggled at the free throw line, the Spartans were unable to put the game away and had to settle for overtime. In overtime, Indiana's Romeo Langford led the way as the Hoosiers pulled out the 79–75 win over Michigan State. The loss was MSU's second straight loss, the first time they had lost two games in a row in a season since 2016. The loss also dropped MSU back into a first place tie with Michigan who had lost the night before to Iowa.
Illinois.
MSU returned to the road to face Illinois at State Farm Center. Nick Ward did not start as Tom Izzo tried to send a message to his team. However, Illinois took an early lead and for the majority of the game as their intense defense forced the Spartans into 24 turnovers in the game. Cassius Winston alone had nine turnovers. However, the Spartans mounted a furious comeback late in the second half and even took the lead with just over six minutes left. However, Illinois went on a 15–8 run to end the game and notch the victory 79–74. MSU who had struggled from the free throw line against Indiana, made 23–25 against the Illini. The loss dropped MSU out of first place and put them a game behind Purdue and Michigan in the Big Ten standing with a 9–3 record, 18–5 overall.
Minnesota.
Minnesota next visited the Spartans as MSU celebrated its 1979 National Championship team. MSU greats Earvin "Magic" Johnson, Greg Kelser, and others from the team were on hand as Michigan State thumped Minnesota 79–55. Nick Ward rebounded from his recent struggles and scored 22 points to lead all scorers while Matt McQuaid added 18 in the romp over the Golden Gophers. Cassius Winston only played 33 minutes in the game due to foul trouble in the first half and Kenny Goins left with an elbow injury, but MSU still dominated the game. MSU shot over 51% from the field and 40% from three in the win. The Spartans led throughout in the easy win over the struggling Gophers. The win ended MSU's three-game losing streak as they moved to 10–3 in conference and 19–5 overall.
Wisconsin.
MSU returned to the road to face No. 20 Wisconsin looking to continue their winning ways. The game remained tight throughout as the teams exchanged baskets. Kenny Goins, who missed most of the previous game against Minnesota started and played well for the Spartans, scoring 12 points including three three-pointers as MSU was able to overcome Wisconsin's Ethan Happ who scored 20 points on the night. Cassius Winston led all scorers with 23 points and six assists as MSU was able to pull away at the end behind baskets by Goins and Nick Ward. Happ, struggled from the free throw line in the game, going 0–6 down the stretch. MSU pulled out the tough road win 67–59. The win, coupled with a Purdue loss earlier in the night and a surprise Michigan loss to Penn State, moved MSU back into a first place tie with Michigan at 11–3 in conference.
Ohio State.
Ohio State traveled to East Lansing on February 17 looking to avenge a loss to the Spartans earlier in the season. OSU started well, leading for most of the first half and taking a six-point halftime lead. In the second half, MSU started without Nick Ward who was on the bench having his hand looked at by medical staff. Playing most of the half without Ward, the Spartans' defense clamped down holding the Buckeyes to only 13 points. Matt McQuaid (14 points) and Kenny Goins (10 rebounds) led MSU in the second half as they pulled away to win by 18, 62–44. Cassius Winston had 13 points and eight assists while Thomas Kithier played 10 important minutes in Ward's absence. Aaron Henry, after having a good game against Wisconsin earlier in the week, only played 10 minutes and was held scoreless. The win returned MSU to a first-place tie with Michigan atop the Big Ten standings at 12–3. Following the game, MSU announced that Ward had suffered a hairline fracture in his left hand and that he would be out indefinitely, further weakening the Spartans roster.
Rutgers.
In their first game since Nick Ward broke his hand, MSU struggled early against Rutgers on February 20. Rutgers led for most of the first half and led a seven-point lead at halftime. In the second half, Cassius Winston and Xavier Tillman took over. Winston scored 19 of his game high 28 points in the second half as he led the Spartans to 46 points in the second half. Tillman, starting in place of the injured word, played a career-high 33 minutes and scored a career-high 19 points as MSU rallied to defeat the Scarlet Knights. Kyle Ahrens again injured his back, but still played 20 minutes for the injury-depleted Spartans. Four Spartans, Winston, Tillman, Kenny Goins, and Matt McQuaid played over 30 minutes in the game. The win kept the Spartans in first place tie with Michigan who won the next day.
Michigan.
On February 24, MSU traveled to face rival Michigan with the lead in the Big Ten on the line. Playing again without Nick Ward, MSU played well, led by Cassius Winston's 27 points. Michigan had trouble with MSU's ball screen offense, but still led midway through the second half. Winston then took over, using ball screens to drive to the basket or to dish to open shooters as MSU retook the lead. MSU shot 50% from the field in the game while their defense limited Michigan's offense to less than 40%. Winston had eight assists in the game as MSU ended a three-game losing streak to Michigan. Kenny Goins added 16 points, while Xavier Tillman scored 14 as MSU was able to hold on for the surprising seven-point win 77–70 win. The win moved MSU to 14–3 to first place in the conference and a game up on Michigan.
Indiana.
With five days off and the conference championship in MSU's sights, the Spartans traveled to Indiana looking to avenge their earlier home loss to the Hoosiers. MSU, playing again without Nick Ward, led for the majority of the game, pushing the lead in to double figures in the second half. Despite shooting less than 38% from the field in the game, the Hoosiers narrowed the MSU lead late in the second half and took the lead on a free throw by Romeo Langford. With more than 30 seconds left in the game, the Hoosiers, fouled Cassius Winston with less than 10 seconds to go with a foul to give. MSU took a timeout to draw up a play for the winner, but Winston settled for a fall away jumper that came up short and the Hoosiers completed the season sweep of the Spartans. The loss dropped MSU to 14–4 in the conference, a game behind Purdue and tied with Michigan with two games remaining. The loss appeared to end the Spartans chances for a Big Ten championship.
Nebraska.
MSU returned home to face a struggling Nebraska team. However, the Cornhuskers stayed close with the Spartans for the first 10 minutes, but MSU pulled away to lead by 18 at the half. Without Nick Ward for the fourth straight game, Kenny Goins led the Spartans with a career-high 24 points while Matt McQuaid also added a career-high 22 points. MSU led by more than 20 through portions of the second half, but Nebraska narrowed the lead to singled digits with 10 minutes remaining. However, MSU, who leaned more heavily on freshmen Thomas Kithier, Gabe Brown, and Aaron Henry than in previous games, extended the lead again to win by 15. Henry also had a career-high in points, scoring 15 including an emphatic dunk in the second half. Cassius Winston added eight points and 10 assists as he struggled with knee tendinitis and only played 31 minutes. The win coupled with a Purdue loss to Minnesota later that night, moved MSU back into a first place tie with Michigan and Purdue in the conference at 15–5.
Michigan.
MSU welcomed Michigan to Breslin Center on March 9 for Senior Night with a share of the Big Ten championship on the line for the rivals. A win earlier in the day by Purdue meant that the winner of the game would earn a share of the Big Ten championship. Tom Izzo said before the game that Nick Ward could have played, but Izzo determined to hold him out until the Big Ten Tournament. Michigan, like when the teams met 13 days prior, started off well, surging to an early lead throughout the first half. Foul trouble hit both teams as Cassius Winston sat the final minutes of the half with two fouls. Meanwhile, Michigan's Ignas Brazdeikis and Isaiah Livers each were limited in the first half with two fouls as well. Despite not having Winston on the floor, MSU kept Michigan within reach and only trailed by six at the half. The second half continued as the first had ended with Michigan maintaining its lead, but MSU kept within striking distance. Winston then took over, making five straight shots at one point as the Spartans surged into the lead. Winston finished with 23 points and seven assists. Xavier Tillman played well for the Spartans, notching 17 points while Kenny Goins added nine points and 16 rebounds. The Spartans dominated the board, outrebounding Michigan 46–20 and pulling away for the 75–63 win. The win gave the Spartans a share of the Big Ten title and marked back-to-back championships for the Spartans. MSU earned the No. 1 seed in the Big Ten Tournament with the win as well.
Postseason.
Big Ten Tournament.
Ohio State.
As the No. 1 seed in the Big Ten Tournament, the Spartans faced Ohio State for third time on the season. The Buckeyes had beaten Indiana to advance to face Michigan State. Nick Ward returned for the Spartans, but did not start. He saw limited time, but played well, scoring eight points including a jump shot and free throw where he showed no ill affects from the broken hand. The Buckeyes kept the game close in the first half as Cassius Winston struggled. Freshman guard Foster Loyer stepped up for the Spartans, scoring 14 points off the bench, including three three-pointers to give MSU the lead. The Spartans extended their six-point halftime lead and were able to pull away in the second half and led by as many as 21 points. In an obvious attempt to reduce fatigue, Winston only played 22 minutes in the game and Tom Izzo lifted MSU's starters with two minutes remaining in the game. A late surge by the Buckeyes narrowed the lead, but MSU held on for a 77–70 win. The win marked the 600th career victory for Izzo, all at Michigan State.
Wisconsin.
The following day, the Spartans faced off against Wisconsin, who MSU had defeated in Madison earlier in the season. Michigan State jumped out to a 18–4 lead within the first six minutes and never trailed in the game. Wisconsin kept the game within shouting distance for most of the game, but MSU pulled out the win 67–55. Cassius Winston led the Spartans with 21 points while Xavier Tillman added 17 points. Nick Ward again did not start, but played 11 minutes. He was saddled with foul trouble through most of the game and only scored two points. Winston injured his toe partway through the game and again saw his minutes restricted, playing only 28. The win sent MSU to the championship game of the Big Ten Tournament.
Michigan.
On Selection Sunday, the Spartans squared off with Michigan for the third time in only two weeks, this time for the tournament championship. MSU, who won the previous two games against the Wolverines, started well, jumping out to a 17–11 lead halfway through the first half. However, Spartan guard Kyle Ahrens went down hard on his ankle while coming down with a rebound in the first half and was taken out on a stretcher with an air cast on his leg. Following the injury, Michigan finished the half outscoring the Spartans 10–6, giving them a 31–23 lead at the half. The Wolverines came out hot in the second half, causing the Spartans to fall behind 39–26 in the early going. The Spartans were able to dig deep and complete a 22–9 run, tying the game at 48. MSU trailed the Wolverines by five with just over two minutes remaining, but a Matt McQuaid three pointer and a Cassius Winston assist to Xavier Tillman tied the score at 60 with 1:20 left in the game. A missed Zavier Simpson three-pointer led to a Winston lay up and a Spartans' lead at 62–60 with 29 seconds left. The MSU defense forced Michigan into bad shot attempts and MSU finished by making three of four free throws to give them the 65–60 win. MSU finished the game on a 10–0 run to earn their first Big Ten Tournament title since 2016. The win was the school's sixth tournament championship, which leads the Big Ten. The win also completed a three-game season sweep of in-state rival Michigan.
NCAA Tournament.
Bradley.
Despite winning the Big Ten regular season and tournament championships, MSU did not receive a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament. Instead, the Spartans received the No. 2 seed in the East Region. In the First Round, they struggled against No. 15-seeded Bradley, and trailed with only four minutes left in the game. However, helped by a season-high 25-for-26 from the free throw line, the Spartans pulled away for the 76–65 win. Kenny Goins struggled in the game, making only one of 10 shots and missing all seven three-point attempts. Cassius Winston led the way for the Spartans, scoring 26 points while Xavier Tillman added 16. The win moved MSU to the Second Round to face Big Ten foe Minnesota.
Minnesota.
In the earliest tournament meeting of Big Ten teams since the field had expanded to 64, the Spartans throttled Minnesota. MSU shot over 57% from the field while limiting the Gophers to 30%. MSU dominated Minnesota on the glass, out-rebounding the Gophers 45–19. Xavier Tillman led a balanced scoring attack for MSU with 14 points while Cassius Winston added 13. The Spartans blew out Minnesota 70–50 to advance to the Sweet Sixteen for the first time since 2015, the longest Sweet Sixteen drought for the Spartans under Tom Izzo.
LSU.
In the Sweet Sixteen, MSU faced No. 3-seeded LSU. The Spartans dominated for a second consecutive game, jumping out to an early 8–0 lead, and never trailed in the game. Freshmen Gabe Brown (15 points) and Aaron Henry (20 points) each had career-highs in points as the Spartans ran away from the Tigers en route to an 80–63 victory. Cassius Winston added 17 points in the win as MSU led for the whole game. The win moved MSU to the Elite Eight for the first time since 2015, where they would face the No. 1 seed in the South region and overall No. 1 seed in the tournament, Duke.
Duke.
In the Elite Eight, Izzo faced Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski for the 13th time. Izzo had only beaten "Coach K" one time with a record of 1–11 against him coming in to this game. Cassius Winston tallied a double-double with 20 points and 10 assists while Xavier Tillman added 19 points and nine rebounds. However, MSU, who led at the half, trailed by one with less than a minute remaining. Kenny Goins hit a three-pointer with 34 seconds remaining in regulation to give Michigan State the lead. Duke had an opportunity to tie the game at the free throw line with five seconds remaining after Tillman was called for his fourth foul, however Duke freshman R.J. Barrett missed the first of two free throws and inadvertently made the second one. On the ensuing out-of-bounds play, Tillman passed the ball to Winston who sprinted ahead of Duke defenders and ran out the clock to secure the victory 68–67 victory. The Spartans snapped a seven-game losing streak against Duke and advanced to the Final Four for the first time since 2015. Winston was named the East regional's Most Outstanding Player.
Texas Tech.
The Spartans faced No. 3-seeded Texas Tech in the Final Four on April 6, 2019. The visit marked the school's 10th Final Four and eighth under Tom Izzo. Texas Tech limited the Spartans to just under 32% shooting from the field and took a two-point lead in to halftime. The Spartans continued to struggled with the Red Raider defense in the second half, trailing throughout the half. Cassius Winston hit only four of his 16 shots and notched only two assists. Texas Tech moved the lead to 13 points with less than 10 minutes remaining, but the Spartans fought back to within one point. However, MSU could not complete the comeback and lost 61–51 ending their Tournament run.
Roster.
 
Schedule and results.
The season marked the first time in Big Ten history that the teams played a 20-game conference schedule. The new schedule also includes a regional component to increase the frequency of games among teams in similar areas. Over the course of a six-year cycle (12 playing opportunities), in-state rivals will play each other 12 times, regional opponents will play 10 times, and all other teams will play nine times. Three in-state series will be guaranteed home-and-homes: Illinois and Northwestern, Indiana and Purdue, and Michigan and Michigan State will always play twice. The conference opponent list was released on April 19, 2018. Michigan State released its full schedule on August 21, 2018. The Spartans faced Gonzaga in a "secret scrimmage" on October 27 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
!colspan=9 style=|Exhibition
!colspan=9 style=|Regular season
!colspan=9 style=|Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
Source
Player statistics.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="56903805" url="?curid=56903805" title="Wade Watson">
Wade Watson

George Wade Watson (1837–1915) was an Anglican priest in the second half of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th century.
Watson was educated at Moore College. He was ordained deacon in 1864, and priest in 1865. He served at Mansfield, Eaglehawk, Ballarat, Sale, Victoria and Footscray. In 1902 he became archdeacon of Bendigo.

</doc>
<doc id="56903807" url="?curid=56903807" title="Chiwan Station">
Chiwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903814" url="?curid=56903814" title="Shekou Port Station">
Shekou Port Station


</doc>
<doc id="56903816" url="?curid=56903816" title="Árni Þór Árnason">
Árni Þór Árnason

Árni Þór Árnason (born 15 January 1961) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903817" url="?curid=56903817" title="Dark soliton">
Dark soliton


</doc>
<doc id="56903820" url="?curid=56903820" title="Arni Thor Arnason">
Arni Thor Arnason


</doc>
<doc id="56903823" url="?curid=56903823" title="2018 Liverpool City Council election">
2018 Liverpool City Council election

The 2018 Liverpool City Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Liverpool City Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Council composition.
Prior to the election the composition of the council was:
After the election the composition of the council was:
Election Results.
Overall election result.
Overall result compared with 2016.
 
Ward Results.
Church.
Thomas Burton, the Conservative party candidate for Church ward was ineligible to sit as a councillor as he was a Liverpool City Council employee.
Kensington and Fairfield.
Three days before the election, Green Candidate Steve Faragher resigned from the Green Party due to an online comment. This was too late for the ballot paper to be changed.
Notes.
• "italics" denote a sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate

</doc>
<doc id="56903825" url="?curid=56903825" title="Macedono-Bulgarians">
Macedono-Bulgarians


</doc>
<doc id="56903832" url="?curid=56903832" title="Macedo-Bulgarians">
Macedo-Bulgarians


</doc>
<doc id="56903836" url="?curid=56903836" title="Zolt Balazs">
Zolt Balazs

Zolt Balazs (born 14 January 1963) is a Romanian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903845" url="?curid=56903845" title="Chris Wylie">
Chris Wylie


</doc>
<doc id="56903846" url="?curid=56903846" title="Mark Thomas Gibson">
Mark Thomas Gibson

Mark Thomas Gibson (born 1980, Miami, FL) is an American visual artist working in painting, print, ink, and watercolor. Gibson's work explores Black representation in the United States using the medium of comics.
Education.
Gibson received his B.F.A. from The Cooper Union and his M.F.A. from Yale School of Art in painting and printmaking in 2013, where he received the Ely Harwood Schless Memorial Fund Award.
Art.
Gibson focuses on using the language of comic as a tool for social justice. His work involves graphic novels, consisting of black and white pen drawings, and colorful paintings developed from imageries chosen from his books. Gibson's artist statement describes his artistic choices and vision: “I look at American culture from a multipartite viewpoint as an artist—as a black male, a professor, an American history buff and comic book nerd. These myriad of often colliding perspectives fuel my exploration of American culture through the high and low visual languages of painting and comics to reveal a narrative that spells out our fabricated destruction. The black ink and strong color in my work create stark contrasts in which positive and negative space define the composition. I rely on a minimal aesthetic, playing off of both fine art and the comic book vernacular of sequential narrative. In all the works, I try to shine a light on the grim and gritty social realities of contemporary America.”
His influences include comic creators Dwayne McDuffie, and Jim Steranko, as well as film directors Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock.
Some Monsters Loom Large (2016).
"Some Monsters Loom Large" is a narrative that features Mr. Wolfson, a wolf-man. Mr. Wolfson is first introduced basking in the sun on a desert island, slowly going insane. After a while, he discovers a mount-like structure with horns popping out of the ocean. He climbs inside and is presented with a small theatre production showcasing a brief history of Western colonialism and colonization of America. During this film, Mr. Wolfson learns that the cannibalism of Native Americans by pilgrims in the founding of America birthed an evil spirit named, “Manifest Destiny”. The evil spirit infects anyone who comes in contact with it, transforming into them into wolf-men. Throughout the narrative, Mr. Wolfson is chased down and murdered by Manifest Destiny multiple times, which mark the endings of each volume. His solo exhibition, Some Monsters Loom Large, showed in Fredericks &amp; Freiser, included installation of colorized reproductions of drawings found in the book as acrylic paintings.
Early Retirement (2017).
"Early Retirement" is a narrative that “revolves around Mr. Wolfson, a werewolf and Doomsday prophet in New York City’s street prophecy scene, and The Drummer, one of the three heralds of the Apocalypse. One day, The Drummer learns that the Truth has been delivered to Mr. Wolfson. Things quickly spiral out of control, leading to a three-way standoff between the Will of the People, the Will of Government and the Will of God.” This work was influenced by the American presidential election of 2016, and his question regarding quest for utopia, and ways to join forces to go against the adversity in the United States of America. 
His solo exhibition, "Early Retirement", showed in Fredericks &amp; Freiser, included installation of black and white ink drawings and colorized reproductions as acrylic paintings.
Curation.
Black Pulp.
"Black Pulp!" is an exhibition co-curated by William Villalongo and Mark Thomas Gibson first showed at Yale University. The show gets its name from the term “pulp” which is a cheap paper that allowed ephemera such as newspapers, books, fliers, and posters to be printed inexpensively in the 19th and 20th centuries. The accessibility of pulp facilitated mass communication within and about the black community. Villalongo wishes the exhibition will highlight “historical efforts within the medium to rebuff derogatory image culture with exceptional wit, beauty, and humor, to provide emerging, nuanced perspective on black humanity.”
The collection provides a perspective of black and non-black artists and publishers who work to draw attention to the black experience in American culture and history from 1912 to 2016 through contemporary works of art and historical printed media.
Black Pulp! consists of a wide range of works, ranging from comic books and historic texts and magazines, to digital prints, drawings, and media-based works by contemporary artists. With this eclectic collection, the exhibition draws connection from various Afrocentric movements of the 20th century and today. Black Pulp! features works by 21 artists from the Black diaspora: Derrick Adams, Laylah Ali, Firelei Báez, Nayland Blake, Robert Colescott, Renee Cox, William Downs, Ellen Gallagher, Trenton Doyle Hancock, Lucia Hierro, Yashua Klos, Kerry James Marshall, Wangechi Mutu, Lamar Peterson, Pope.L, Kenny Rivero, Alexandria Smith, Felandus Thames, Hank Willis Thomas, Kara Walker, and Fred Wilson.
Woke!
Woke! is an exhibition co-curated by William Villalongo and Mark Thomas Gibson showing a selection of their recent works heavily influenced by Eric Garner and the Ferguson protests. The show gets its name from the term “woke,” a contemporary American vernacular terminology for awareness in reference to socio-political contexts. The show discusses American atrocity and the black body in a physical way.
Teaching.
Gibson is an assistant professor at Tyler School of Art at Temple University. Previously he was a full-time lecturer and the assistant dean of student affairs at the Yale School of Art.
Awards.
Ely Harwood Schless Memorial Fund Award 2013, Yale School of Art Yale Norfolk Assistantship 2012, awarded by Samuel Messer, Associate Dean

</doc>
<doc id="56903853" url="?curid=56903853" title="Guðmundur Jóhannsson">
Guðmundur Jóhannsson

Guðmundur Jóhannsson (born 19 February 1963) is an Icelandic alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903856" url="?curid=56903856" title="SaGa (series)">
SaGa (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56903857" url="?curid=56903857" title="Beach volleyball at the Africa Games">
Beach volleyball at the Africa Games


</doc>
<doc id="56903859" url="?curid=56903859" title="Guomundur Johannsson">
Guomundur Johannsson


</doc>
<doc id="56903865" url="?curid=56903865" title="Enriqueta Carrasco">
Enriqueta Carrasco


</doc>
<doc id="56903869" url="?curid=56903869" title="Mihai Bîră Jr.">
Mihai Bîră Jr.

Mihai Bîră Jr. (born 8 March 1961) is a Romanian alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903872" url="?curid=56903872" title="Pray for the Wicked Tour">
Pray for the Wicked Tour

The Pray for the Wicked Tour was a concert tour by Panic! at the Disco, in support of the project's sixth studio album "Pray for the Wicked" (2018). The tour began in Minneapolis on July 11, 2018, and concluded in Rio de Janeiro on October 3, 2019. The tour sold over one million tickets.
Controversy.
Touring guitarist Kenny Harris officially departed from the band's touring line-up in September 2018. This occurred two days following the surfacing of sexual misconduct claims made against Harris on Twitter. The band said that Harris’ departure was due to "a personal matter" on their Twitter. Harris was replaced by 
Mike Naran for the remainder of the tour.
Commercial performance.
As of March 27, 2019, the "Pray for the Wicked Tour" has totaled $49 million, excluding the European dates yet to be reported, a remarkable 170 percent increase over the Death of a Bachelor Tour's $18.1 million, which was already a giant leap forward from the act's co-headline tour with Weezer and its headline Vices &amp; Virtues Tour.
Background and development.
On March 21, 2018, the band released the latest music video for "Say Amen (Saturday Night)" and a new single "(Fuck A) Silver Lining". With the release came the announcement of a summer tour. Arizona and Hayley Kiyoko were announced as the opening acts.
Set list.
This set list is from the concert on July 11, 2018 in Minneapolis.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="56903873" url="?curid=56903873" title="Mihai Bira Jr.">
Mihai Bira Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56903877" url="?curid=56903877" title="Kentucky colonel">
Kentucky colonel


</doc>
<doc id="56903880" url="?curid=56903880" title="Mihai Bîră, Jr.">
Mihai Bîră, Jr.


</doc>
<doc id="56903890" url="?curid=56903890" title="Fernando Enevoldsen">
Fernando Enevoldsen

Fernando Enevoldsen (born 26 March 1965) is an Argentine alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903896" url="?curid=56903896" title="Tejaswi Prakesh">
Tejaswi Prakesh


</doc>
<doc id="56903898" url="?curid=56903898" title="Ioannis Triantafyllidis">
Ioannis Triantafyllidis

Ioannis Triantafyllidis (born 7 September 1965) is a Greek alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903911" url="?curid=56903911" title="Li Guangquan">
Li Guangquan

Li Guangquan (born 19 September 1960) is a Chinese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903914" url="?curid=56903914" title="Beach volleyball at the African Games">
Beach volleyball at the African Games


</doc>
<doc id="56903916" url="?curid=56903916" title="Dobrynya Nikitich and Zmey Gorynych">
Dobrynya Nikitich and Zmey Gorynych


</doc>
<doc id="56903919" url="?curid=56903919" title="Liu Changcheng (skier)">
Liu Changcheng (skier)

Liu Changcheng (born 10 April 1961) is a Chinese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903923" url="?curid=56903923" title="El Flaco">
El Flaco

El Flaco () is a 2010 documentary short film directed by Krisstian de Lara. The short premiered on May 1, 2010 at the Sun City Film Festival in El Paso, Texas and won "Best Documentary" and "Best in Festival" awards.
Plot.
A 27-year-old male prostitute tells his story of what is like to work in the streets of downtown Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, pay for police protection, and work in a hostile atmosphere.
Production.
The Director, Krisstian de Lara, asked his mother to lend him money to compensate the male prostitute for appearing in the documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="56903924" url="?curid=56903924" title="SC Waterloo Region B">
SC Waterloo Region B


</doc>
<doc id="56903926" url="?curid=56903926" title="Niels Wessel Bagge Art Foundation">
Niels Wessel Bagge Art Foundation

The Niels Wessel Bagge Art Foundation (Danish: Niels Wessel Bagges Kunstfond) is a non-profit organization founded by the Danish dancer, scenographer and art collector Niels Wessel Bagge. Items from Bagge's own art and crafts collection are now on display in four Danish art museums. Each year, the foundation awards five to 10 grants to Danish artists.
History.
Niels Wessel Bagge was born into a wealthy family in Copenhagen. He later moved to America where he had a career in showbiz. He established the foundation in the United States through his will in 1994 and selected the businessman Ebbe Wedell-Wedell as its first chairman. The foundation is now based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Management.
The foundation is administrated by a board consisting of Nina Wedell-Wedellsborg (chairman), lawyer Christian Alsøe, IT entrepreneur Juri Krasilnikoff and artist Lulu Refn.

</doc>
<doc id="56903929" url="?curid=56903929" title="DNS over HTTPS">
DNS over HTTPS

DNS over HTTPS (DoH) is a protocol for performing remote Domain Name System (DNS) resolution via the HTTPS protocol. A goal of the method is to increase user privacy and security by preventing eavesdropping and manipulation of DNS data by man-in-the-middle attacks by using the HTTPS protocol to encrypt the data between the DoH client and the DoH-based DNS resolver. By March 2018, Google and the Mozilla Foundation had started testing versions of DNS over HTTPS. In February 2020, Firefox switched to DNS over HTTPS by default for users in the United States.
An alternative to DoH is the DNS over TLS (DoT) protocol, a similar standard for encrypting DNS queries, differing only in the methods used for encryption and delivery. On the basis of privacy and security, whether or not a superior protocol exists among the two is a matter of controversial debate, while others argue the merits of either depend on the specific use case. 
Technical details.
DoH is a proposed standard, published as RFC 8484 (October 2018) by the IETF. It uses HTTP/2 and HTTPS, and supports the "wire format" DNS response data, as returned in existing UDP responses, in an HTTPS payload with the MIME type "application/dns-message". If HTTP/2 is used, the server may also use HTTP/2 server push to send values that it anticipates the client may find useful in advance.
DoH is a work in progress. Even though the IETF has published RFC 8484 as a proposed standard and companies are experimenting with it, the IETF has yet to determine how it should best be implemented. The IETF is evaluating a number of approaches for how best to deploy DoH and is looking to set up a working group, Adaptive DNS Discovery (ADD), to do this work and develop a consensus. In addition, other industry working groups such as the Encrypted DNS Deployment Initiative, have been formed to "define and adopt DNS encryption technologies in a manner that ensures the continued high performance, resiliency, stability and security of the Internet's critical namespace and name resolution services, as well as ensuring the continued unimpaired functionality of security protections, parental controls, and other services that depend upon the DNS".
Since DoH cannot be used under some circumstances, like captive portals, web browsers like Firefox can be configured to fallback to insecure DNS.
Oblivious DNS-over-HTTPS.
Oblivious DoH is an Internet Draft proposing a protocol extension to ensure no single DoH server is aware of both the client's IP address and their message contents. All requests are passed via a proxy, hiding clients' addresses from the resolver itself, and are encrypted to hide their contents from the proxy.
Deployment scenarios.
DoH is used for recursive DNS resolution by DNS resolvers. Resolvers ("DoH clients") must have access to a DoH server hosting a query endpoint.
Three usage scenarios are common:
Software support.
Operating systems.
Apple.
Apple's iOS 14 and macOS 11 released in late 2020 support both DoH and DoT protocols.
Windows.
In November 2019, Microsoft announced plans to implement support for encrypted DNS protocols in Microsoft Windows, beginning with DoH. In May 2020, Microsoft released Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 19628 that included initial support for DoH along with instructions on how to enable it via registry and command line interface. Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 20185 added graphical user interface for specifying a DoH resolver. DoH support is not planned for Windows 10 21H2.
Windows 11 Insider Preview releases include DoH support.
Recursive DNS resolvers.
BIND.
BIND 9, an open source DNS resolver from Internet Systems Consortium added native support for DoH in version 9.17.10.
PowerDNS.
DNSdist, an open source DNS proxy/load balancer from PowerDNS, added native support for DoH in version 1.4.0 in April 2019.
Unbound.
Unbound, an open source DNS resolver created by NLnet Labs, has supported DoH since version 1.12.0, released in October 2020. It first implemented support for DNS encryption using the alternative DoT protocol much earlier, starting with version 1.4.14, released in December 2011. Unbound runs on most operating systems, including distributions of Linux, MacOS, and Windows.
Web browsers.
Google Chrome.
DNS over HTTPS is available in Google Chrome 83 for Windows and macOS, configurable via the settings page. When enabled, and the operating system is configured with a supported DNS server, Chrome will upgrade DNS queries to be encrypted. It is also possible to manually specify a preset or custom DoH server to use within the user interface.
In September 2020, Google Chrome for Android began staged rollout of DNS over HTTPS. Users can configure a custom resolver or disable DNS over HTTPS in settings.
Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge supports DNS over HTTPS, configurable via the settings page. When enabled, and the operating system is configured with a supported DNS server, Edge will upgrade DNS queries to be encrypted. It is also possible to manually specify a preset or custom DoH server to use within the user interface.
Mozilla Firefox.
In 2018, Mozilla partnered with Cloudflare to deliver DoH for Firefox users that enable it (known as Trusted Recursive Resolver). Firefox 73 added another resolver in the options, NextDNS. On February 25, 2020, Firefox started enabling DNS over HTTPS for all US-based users, relying on Cloudflare's resolver by default. On June 3, 2020, Firefox 77.0.1 disabled NextDNS by default because the high load on the NextDNS servers caused by Firefox users was "effectively DDoS'ing NextDNS". In June 2020, Mozilla announced plans to add Comcast to the list of trusted DoH resolvers.
Opera.
Opera supports DoH, configurable via the browser settings page. By default, DNS queries are sent to Cloudflare servers.
Public DNS servers.
DNS over HTTPS server implementations are already available free of charge by some public DNS providers.
Implementation considerations.
Many issues with how to properly deploy DoH are still being resolved by the internet community including, but not limited to:
Analysis of DNS traffic for security purposes.
DoH can impede analysis and monitoring of DNS traffic for cybersecurity purposes; the 2019 DDoS worm Godlua used DoH to mask connections to its command-and-control server.
In January 2021, NSA warned enterprises against using external DoH resolvers because they prevent DNS query filtering, inspection, and audit. Instead, NSA recommends configuring enterprise-owned DoH resolvers and blocking all known external DoH resolvers.
Disruption of content filters.
DoH has been used to bypass parental controls which operate at the (unencrypted) standard DNS level; Circle, a parental control router which relies on DNS queries to check domains against a blocklist, blocks DoH by default due to this. However, there are DNS providers that offer filtering and parental controls along with support for DoH by operating DoH servers.
The Internet Service Providers Association (ISPA)—a trade association representing British ISPs—and the also British body Internet Watch Foundation have criticized Mozilla, developer of the Firefox web browser, for supporting DoH, as they believe that it will undermine web blocking programs in the country, including ISP default filtering of adult content, and mandatory court-ordered filtering of copyright violations. The ISPA nominated Mozilla for its "Internet Villain" award for 2019 (alongside the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market, and Donald Trump), "for their proposed approach to introduce DNS-over-HTTPS in such a way as to bypass UK filtering obligations and parental controls, undermining internet safety standards in the UK." Mozilla responded to the allegations by the ISPA, arguing that it would not prevent filtering, and that they were "surprised and disappointed that an industry association for ISPs decided to misrepresent an improvement to decades-old internet infrastructure". In response to the criticism, the ISPA apologized and withdrew the nomination. Mozilla subsequently stated that DoH will not be used by default in the British market until further discussion with relevant stakeholders, but stated that it "would offer real security benefits to UK citizens".
Inconsistent DoH deployment.
Some DoH deployments are not an end-to-end encrypted, but rather only hop-to-hop encrypted because DoH is deployed only on a subset of connections. There are following types of connections:
Every connection in the chain needs to support DoH for maximum security.

</doc>
<doc id="56903930" url="?curid=56903930" title="Wu Deqiang">
Wu Deqiang

Wu Deqiang (born 18 February 1963) is a Chinese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903946" url="?curid=56903946" title="Erkan Mermut">
Erkan Mermut

Erkan Mermut (born 22 September 1963) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903951" url="?curid=56903951" title="Muk clan of Yodong">
Muk clan of Yodong

Yodong Muk clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Liaodong Commandery (), China. According to the research in 1985, the number of Yodong Muk clan was 274. Muk clan was born in Liang County (), China. Yodong Muk clan was one of the descendants of Mozi who was a thinker from Lu in China's Spring and Autumn period.

</doc>
<doc id="56903952" url="?curid=56903952" title="Wolf 358">
Wolf 358


</doc>
<doc id="56903961" url="?curid=56903961" title="Joseph George Butler">
Joseph George Butler

Joseph George Butler (born 1869) was a British politician and trade unionist, who served on London County Council (LCC).
Born in Peckham, Butler began working when he was seven years old. For many years, he worked in a factory making clothing for the British Army, and in 1895 he founded the Army Clothing Employees' Union, serving as its secretary. During the 1910s, he was also secretary of the United Government Workers' Federation.
Butler joined the Social Democratic Federation (SDF), and unsuccessfully contested Kennington for the party in the 1907 London County Council election. The SDF became the core of the British Socialist Party (BSP), and under this description, Butler stood in the 1913 London County Council election in Stepney, but took only 108 votes. Later in the year, he contested the 1913 Reading by-election. He received the support of the Independent Labour Party and the local trades council, but was only able to take 10.4% of the vote and third place. The BSP affiliated to the Labour Party, and under this label he was more successful, taking 24.1% of the vote in Hastings at the 1918 United Kingdom general election, and then winning Battersea North at the 1919 London County Council election.
Unlike the majority of the BSP, Butler remained with the Labour Party rather than joining the new Communist Party of Great Britain, and he chaired Westminster Labour Party from 1921 to 1926. He held his council seat until 1928, after which he became a newsagent, continued his trade union activity. He also continued to contest Parliamentary elections, taking a distant second in Westminster Abbey at the 1922 United Kingdom general election, third place in Willesden East at the 1923 United Kingdom general election, and second in Westminster St George's at the 1929 United Kingdom general election. Finally, he stood in Balham and Tooting at the 1931 London County Council election, taking fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="56903963" url="?curid=56903963" title="Emperor Shen Zhong">
Emperor Shen Zhong


</doc>
<doc id="56903968" url="?curid=56903968" title="Yakup Kadri Birinci">
Yakup Kadri Birinci

Yakup Kadri Birinci (born 24 November 1967) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed at the 1984, 1988 and the 1992 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903969" url="?curid=56903969" title="J. G. Butler">
J. G. Butler


</doc>
<doc id="56903973" url="?curid=56903973" title="Yakup Birinci">
Yakup Birinci


</doc>
<doc id="56903976" url="?curid=56903976" title="New York City consolidation">
New York City consolidation


</doc>
<doc id="56903980" url="?curid=56903980" title="New York consolidation">
New York consolidation


</doc>
<doc id="56903983" url="?curid=56903983" title="Consolidation of New York">
Consolidation of New York


</doc>
<doc id="56903990" url="?curid=56903990" title="Ali Fuad Haşıl">
Ali Fuad Haşıl

Ali Fuad Haşıl (born 13 March 1966) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56903996" url="?curid=56903996" title="Ali Fuad Hasil">
Ali Fuad Hasil


</doc>
<doc id="56903997" url="?curid=56903997" title="Kode construct">
Kode construct


</doc>
<doc id="56904001" url="?curid=56904001" title="Ali Fuad Haşłl">
Ali Fuad Haşłl


</doc>
<doc id="56904013" url="?curid=56904013" title="Sabahattin Hamamcıoğlu">
Sabahattin Hamamcıoğlu

Sabahattin Hamamcıoğlu (born 13 February 1966) is a Turkish alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904016" url="?curid=56904016" title="2001 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2001 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 2001 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 45th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Li Ju and Wang Nan defeated Yang Ying and Sun Jin in the final by three sets to nil.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56904017" url="?curid=56904017" title="Palazzo Doria (disambiguation)">
Palazzo Doria (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56904019" url="?curid=56904019" title="Sabahattin Hamamcioglu">
Sabahattin Hamamcioglu


</doc>
<doc id="56904020" url="?curid=56904020" title="Sabahattin Hamamcłoğlu">
Sabahattin Hamamcłoğlu


</doc>
<doc id="56904021" url="?curid=56904021" title="2020 Pakistan Super League">
2020 Pakistan Super League

2020 Pakistan Super League (also known as PSL 5 or for sponsorship reasons as HBL PSL 2020) was the fifth season of the Pakistan Super League, a franchise Twenty20 cricket league which was established by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) in 2015. It started on 20 February 2020. The league was held entirely in Pakistan for the first time. Karachi Kings won their inaugural tournament by beating Lahore Qalandars by five wickets in the final.
The playoff stage of the tournament was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In late March 2020, the PCB were looking at whether to declare the winner of the tournament based on the league standings, or to play the matches at a later date. On 2 July 2020, the PCB announced that they plan to complete the season in November 2020. On 2 September 2020, the PCB confirmed the fixtures for the remaining matches.
Background.
In February 2019, the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Imran Khan, announced that the fifth season of the tournament will be held entirely in Pakistan. In March 2019, Ehsan Mani, Chairman of Pakistan Cricket Board also expressed the desire to host all the matches of this season in Pakistan. On 1 January 2020, PCB announced fixtures for the tournament confirming that the entire tournament will take place in Pakistan.
Teams and squads.
The players draft took place on 6 December, with the first round taking place on 3 November 2019. Ahead of the draft, each team was allowed to retain up to eight players from their previous squad. On 1 December 2019, PCB announced the retention players list with all six teams retaining a total of 45 players from the previous season.
Ahead of the play-offs, teams included new players in their squad as Faf du Plessis, Khurram Shehzad and Hardus Viljoen replaced Kieron Pollard, Mohammad Amir Khan and Liam Dawson respectively, in Peshawar Zalmi squad. In Multan Sultans squad Mahmudullah and Adam Lyth replaced Moeen Ali and Fabian Allen respectively. Lahore Qalandars replaced Chris Lynn, Salman Butt and Seekkuge Prasanna with Tamim Iqbal, Abid Ali and Agha Salman respectively. While, Karachi Kings replaced Chris Jordan and Ali Khan with Sherfane Rutherford and Waqas Maqsood. On 7 November 2020, Peshawar Zalmi replaced England's Liam Livingstone with his national side teammate Saqib Mahmood after he was included in the national team against South Africa. On 8 November, Multan Sultans's squad members Mahmudullah tested positive for COVID-19 making him unable to take part in the tournament and was replaced by Brendan Taylor, and James Vince was replaced by Joe Denly after he also tested positive for COVID-19. Kings' Mitchell McClenaghan and Zalmi's Daren Sammy were replaced by Wayne Parnell and Sohaib Maqsood respectively. Few days later, Hasan Ali of Peshawar Zalmi was ruled out of the tournament due to back-strain and was replaced by Mohammad Imran, and in Lahore Qalandars squad, Salman Irshad replaced Agha Salman who suffered an ankle injury.
Venues.
The tournament took place entirely in Pakistan. Total 34 matches were played in four venues Lahore, 
Karachi, Rawalpindi and Multan. The opening ceremony took place in Karachi. The playoffs were scheduled to take place in Lahore in November 2020, after being postponed for 8 months due to COVID-19 pandemic but were later shifted to Karachi.
Promotion in media.
The league was promoted on social media by the hashtag #HBLPSLV and anthem titled #TayyarHain.
Trophy.
On 19 February 2020, the trophy for the league was unveiled by squash legend Jahangir Khan alongside PCB chairman Ehsan Mani at National Stadium, Karachi. The 65 centimetres long trophy weighing eight kilogrammes has a crescent and star with multi-coloured strips of enamel and is to be used in all future PSL events with every year's winning team name to be engraved on it.
Ceremonies.
PSL is the most watching event in Pakistan and also around the world where people love cricket and due to Covi-19 ceremonies was very limited.
Opening ceremony.
The opening ceremony was held on 20 February 2020 at National Stadium, Karachi, prior to the first match of the season.
The show began with the national anthem, before a group of drummers and trumpeters performed an instrumental version of the official PSL 2020 anthem. Later, the first performance of the night was a Sufi medley featuring singer Sanam Marvi, qawwals Fareed Ayaz and Abu Mohammad, and the band Soch. This was followed by Sajjad Ali, Aima Baig, Abrar-ul-Haq and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan taking the stage one after another to perform their songs. The ceremony concluded with Ali Azmat, Arif Lohar, Haroon and Asim Azhar performing the PSL 2020 anthem Tayyar Hain, accompanied by a fireworks display in the background.
Cancer awareness.
The childhood cancer awareness day and the breast cancer awareness day were observed on 22 February and 7 March respectively, with the stadiums themed as gold and pink respectively.
COVID-19 pandemic impact.
The later part of the tournament was affected by COVID-19 pandemic. The matches were reduced from 34 to 33 and the playoffs were replaced by knockouts thus shortening the tournament by 4 days. The final was rescheduled from 22 March to 18 March. The matches from 13 March were announced to take place behind closed doors.
As many as eighteen players were confirmed to not take part in any future matches after the increased cases of COVID-19 in Pakistan as well as in the rest of the world, and also to avoid being stranded from their home countries due to border closures, as was the case for New Zealanders Colin Munro, Luke Ronchi, and Mitchell McClenaghan.
On 17 March 2020, it was announced that the knockout stage is suspended after English cricketer Alex Hales showed symptoms of the virus. Hales observed self-isolation on his return to England, whereas PCB released a statement saying that Hales was not the player suspected of coronavirus and instead refused to reveal the identity of the player suspected of having COVID-19.
League stage.
Format.
The six teams played 10 matches each and got 2 points for every win, none for a loss and 1 point for a no result. The top four team in the group stage were qualified for the play-offs.
Fixtures.
The PCB confirmed the fixtures for the tournament on 1 January 2020.
Playoffs.
On 2 September 2020, PCB announced the venue and dates for the remaining four matches, with Gaddafi Stadium hosting all four; matches will be held on 14 and 15, with the Final scheduled on 17 November. However, later the matches were shifted to National Stadium in Karachi due to poor air quality in Lahore.

</doc>
<doc id="56904028" url="?curid=56904028" title="Tony Sukkar">
Tony Sukkar

Tony Sukkar (born 1963) is a Lebanese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904030" url="?curid=56904030" title="Cenocorixa dakotensis">
Cenocorixa dakotensis

Cenocorixa dakotensis is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904031" url="?curid=56904031" title="DNS-over-HTTPS">
DNS-over-HTTPS


</doc>
<doc id="56904033" url="?curid=56904033" title="Niagara United B">
Niagara United B


</doc>
<doc id="56904036" url="?curid=56904036" title="Cenocorixa">
Cenocorixa

Cenocorixa is a genus of water boatmen in the family Corixidae. There are about 12 described species in "Cenocorixa".
Species.
These 12 species belong to the genus "Cenocorixa":

</doc>
<doc id="56904041" url="?curid=56904041" title="Zornella armata">
Zornella armata

Zornella armata is a species of dwarf spider in the family Linyphiidae. It is found in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56904047" url="?curid=56904047" title="Sotirios Axiotiades">
Sotirios Axiotiades

Sotirios Axiotiades (born 1961) is a Lebanese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904048" url="?curid=56904048" title="Paul François">
Paul François

Paul François is a French agricultor and author, who has been decorated with the Legion of Honour. He is notable chiefly because he demonstrated to a court of law that he was poisoned by a Monsanto product.
Early life.
François is a native of Bernac, Charente.
He chose to specialise in cereal agriculture from an early age.
François considers himself to have been "a pure product of the chemical agriculture industry", up until his rupture with it because of his poisoning.
Toxic incident.
François inhaled the poison on 27 April 2004. He was ill enough to spit blood when interned in hospital. As late as November that year, the long-term effects of the poison caused him to faint, and in May 2005 it was determined that monochlorobenzene—a solvent used in "Lasso" to dilute the Alachlor—was present in his bloodstream.
Betimes, Alachlor was prohibited by the French government in November 2007.
Formal recognition of hazard.
An employment tribunal formally recognised in 2010 that François in fact had been poisoned.
François v Monsanto.
Trial division.
The Monsanto product with which François was poisoned is known commercially as "Lasso".
In December 2011, final arguments to the court were heard.
In February 2012, the Tribunal de Grande Instance of Lyon condemned Monsanto to pay damages to François.
Appeal division.
In 2015 at the appeal court, Monsanto lawyers repeatedly refused to concede that their product was toxic and that the damages owed were fictitious.
Monsanto is fighting a nasty rear-guard action, and as of 2017, refused quantum.
Author.
François wrote, with Anne-Laure Barret, "Un paysan contre Monsanto" to document his battle against Monsanto. This book, which was released to market in October 2017, was published by Fayard press.
With the benefit of hindsight, François has considered how his perspective has changed:

</doc>
<doc id="56904052" url="?curid=56904052" title="Automeris louisiana">
Automeris louisiana

Automeris louisiana, the Louisiana eyed silkmoth, is a species of moth in the family Saturniidae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Automeris louisiana" is 7749.1.
ITIS Taxonomic note:

</doc>
<doc id="56904055" url="?curid=56904055" title="Function-spacer-lipid">
Function-spacer-lipid


</doc>
<doc id="56904057" url="?curid=56904057" title="Mordellina wickhami">
Mordellina wickhami

Mordellina wickhami is a species of tumbling flower beetle in the family Mordellidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904059" url="?curid=56904059" title="Eitri (character)">
Eitri (character)

Eitri the Dwarf King is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Eitri is a Dwarf who lives on Asgard. He is a weapons forger and is notable for being the one who created Mjolnir for the Norse God Thor. He has also occasionally aided the New Mutants.
Peter Dinklage portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film "" (2018).
Publication history.
The character, created by writer Alan Zelenetz and artist Bob Hall, first appeared in "Thor" Annual #11 (November 1983). He continued to appear throughout the '80s in the pages of the New Mutants, starting with "The New Mutants Special Edition" from writer Chris Claremont and artist Arthur Adams.
Following a long absence, Eitri returned with additional details about the character in "Thor" vol. 2 #80 from Michael Avon Oeming, Daniel Berman and Andrea Di Vito.
Fictional character biography.
Eitri ruled as king of the Dwarves of Nidavellir. In his first appearance, he along with his brother Brokk were tasked with creating a spear for Odin. Due to a young Loki's magic, the spear was cursed, and Thor was asked to have the dwarves create a new weapon. Loki once again attempted to thwart the dwarves forging, but they manage to complete the creation of Mjolnir, along with the creation of Gullinbursti (a living boar) and Draupnir (a golden armband), which they give to Odin. Years later, Loki destroys Sif's golden hair, making her bald. Thor threatens him to replace her hair and meets with Eitri and Brokk, who — due to Loki being unable to pay them — give black hair as the replacement, which Thor and Sif do not seem to mind. The loss of Sif's blonde hair is also detailed in a four-part series focusing on Loki's history.
These stories were slightly retconned, with it being explained that Eitri's creation of Mjolnir caused the extinction of dinosaurs. Eitri and his siblings, Brokk and Buri, took it upon themselves to get rid of the mold that created it so that it did not fall into the hands of Loki. Another version revealed that Mjolnir was created alongside Sif's new hair which Eitri was able to make gold. It was through Loki's own doing that Mjolnir ended up with Thor and Sif's hair became black. The story of the forging was later returned to its original version.
Odin later visits Eitri to help in forging something for him. In return, Eitri asks that Odin send a female warrior to defeat a rogue dwarf named Throgg. Sif defeats him, and Eitri happily tells her that since Throgg has been bested by a woman, he and the dwarves can now leave peacefully and proceed to begin forging the hammer Stormbreaker for Beta Ray Bill at Odin's request. Eitri is later visited by Odin and Balder who wish to stop a fight between Thor and Eric Masterson. To do this, Eitri creates Thunderstrike, a mace that evidently becomes Masterson's code name.
Eitri and his dwarves became supporting characters of the New Mutants. Due to Loki's magic, Storm and her team were transported to but separated on Asgard. Cannonball encounters Eitri in a cave and rescues Eitri's family from Throff the Terrible, but Cannonball is severely injured in the process. For this, Eitri brings him into his home and allows him to heal there, and Eitri's daughter Kindra strikes up a flirtatious relationship with Cannonball. Not long after, Eitri aids Cannonball in fending off Magma, who is possessed by Dark Elves. After helping her, Loki arrives and threatens Eitri and his kingdom. In response, he uses his magic to help Cannonball and Magma find their friends. Eitri gives Cannonball enchanted armor and a sword as well as a special hammer to give to Loki to expose him.
The New Mutants returned to Asgard due to magical influence upon one of them. The dwarves initially mistook them for spies. However, Eitri freed the team and happily greeted Cannonball and his friends. They were soon attacked by the Valkyrior who was controlled by Hela. Eitri leads his Dwarves into battle after Boom Boom insults them. Eitri is captured by Hela and forces him to forge a sword out of the uru metal by threatening the life of his daughter Kindra. He comforts her by acknowledging the New Mutants' plan of action as well as his own in which the sword has "sown the seeds of Hela's destruction". Eitri frees himself, Kindra and many of Asgard's warriors from prison and then reveals that he built a flaw in the sword. He has Kindra flee and then strikes the sword, allowing Cannonball to see the flaw and destroy it. Eitri's efforts, along with those of many other Asgardians and the New Mutants, save Odin from death.
In the stirrings of Ragnarok, Eitri traveled with his kin, Brok and Buri, to dispose of the forge that made Mjolnir itself. Such a forge, still churning with energies, might be used by Loki to create yet more weapons. The attempt ended in disaster, killing all three dwarves. The realms were later restored, putting Eitri in charge of his people yet again. When the War of the Realms came, bringing all realms under the threat of Malekith, Eitri went to work in the forges, needed as all dwarves were.
Powers and abilities.
Eitri is an expert weaponsmith. He also has an extended lifespan.
In other media.
Film.
Marvel Cinematic Universe

</doc>
<doc id="56904062" url="?curid=56904062" title="Nabil Khalil">
Nabil Khalil

Nabil Khalil (born 1962) is a Lebanese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904066" url="?curid=56904066" title="Pero zalissaria">
Pero zalissaria

Pero zalissaria is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in North America.
The MONA or Hodges number for "Pero zalissaria" is 6752.

</doc>
<doc id="56904073" url="?curid=56904073" title="Mangora passiva">
Mangora passiva

Mangora passiva is a species of orb weaver in the family Araneidae. It is found in a range from the USA to Nicaragua.

</doc>
<doc id="56904075" url="?curid=56904075" title="John MacCullagh">
John MacCullagh

John Christian MacCullagh (1832–1917) was an Anglican priest in the second half of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th century.
MacCullagh was educated at Moore College. He was ordained deacon in 1884, and priest in 1885. After a curacy at Lancefield he was the incumbent at St Paul, Bendigo from 1870 until 1902. He was Archdeacon of Bendigo from 1883 to 1902; and Dean of Bendigo from 1902 to 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="56904076" url="?curid=56904076" title="Ospriocerus brevis">
Ospriocerus brevis

Ospriocerus brevis is a species of robber flies (insects in the family Asilidae).

</doc>
<doc id="56904083" url="?curid=56904083" title="Bradycellus veronianus">
Bradycellus veronianus

Bradycellus veronianus is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904090" url="?curid=56904090" title="Sminthurinus latimaculosus">
Sminthurinus latimaculosus

Sminthurinus latimaculosus is a species of globular springtail in the family Katiannidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56904097" url="?curid=56904097" title="Ceutorhynchus omissus">
Ceutorhynchus omissus

Ceutorhynchus omissus is a species of minute seed weevil in a family of beetles known as the Curculionidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904103" url="?curid=56904103" title="National Anthem Ordinance">
National Anthem Ordinance

The National Anthem Ordinance is an ordinance of Hong Kong intended to criminalise "insults to the national anthem of China" ("March of the Volunteers"). It is a local law in response to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the National Anthem (the National Anthem Law). Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping made a speech regarding the national anthem legislation in early 2017. The ordinance commenced on 12 June 2020.
Content.
The ordinance consists of 6 parts. 
Part 1 serves as the preliminary, explicitly defining concepts such as “national anthem” and “national flag”. 
Part 2 dictates regulations regarding the playing and singing of the national anthem, for example compelling citizens to “stand solemnly and deport themselves with dignity” during the playing of the national anthem.
Part 3 depicts the protection of the national anthem. It prohibits citizens from using the national anthem in certain settings, such as for commercial purposes or as background music. It also bans citizens from insulting the national anthem in any way, such as altering its lyrics or singing it in a distorted way.
Part 4 concerns the promotion of the national anthem. It dictates that primary and secondary educations must incorporate the national anthem in their curriculum, including its singing, history and the etiquette regarding it. It also requires all sound and television broadcasters to play the national anthem when requested by the Communication Authority. 
Part 5 contains supplementary provisions. It states that in case of inconsistencies between this ordinance and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on National Anthem adopted by the NPC, this ordinance should be applied. 
Part 6 contains consequential amendments to other ordinances, for example adding passages regarding the use of national anthem to the Trade Marks Ordinance.
Background.
The Hong Kong-Central Government relations grew tenser following the 2014 Hong Kong protests and often lead to Hongkongers openly booing the Chinese national anthem at sporting matches. The first incident was during the match against the Maldives in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification at Mong Kok Stadium in June 2015, when the fans booed while the national anthem was played ahead of the game. The booing reoccurred during another match against Qatar in September 2015. FIFA issued a warning to the Hong Kong Football Association (HKFA) over the conduct of fans, and issued a fine of 5,000CHF to Qatar. The HKFA was fined for 10,000CHF (HK$77,150) again for booing the anthem before a home game against China on 17 November 2015.
In response, the Chinese central government made known its intention to have a national anthem law applied to Hong Kong as well as the mainland, arguing it would help foster social values and promote patriotism. The law of the People's Republic of China on the National Anthem (the National Anthem Law) was adopted at the 29th session of the Standing Committee of the 12th National People's Congress (NPCSC) on 1 September 2017, and came into force on the Mainland on 1 October 2017. The law sets out rules to use the national anthem. It would bar use of the anthem in commercial advertisements, and require attendees at events to stand up straight "solemnly" when the anthem plays. Those who violate the new law, including those who modify the lyrics or mock the song or play it during "inappropriate" occasions, could be detained for up to 15 days or face criminal prosecution.
On 4 November 2017, the NPCSC adopted the decision to add the National Anthem Law to Annex III of the Basic Law of Hong Kong. In accordance with Article 18(2) of the Basic Law, the national laws listed in Annex III to the Basic Law shall be applied locally by way of promulgation or legislation by the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).
Developments.
On 8 January 2019, the Executive Council drafted the national anthem bill and submitted it to the Legislative Council (LegCo) two weeks later. After its first reading, the legislation process was successfully blocked by pro-democracy councillors, and later by months of social unrest caused by 2019–20 Hong Kong protests until its summer recess in July.
After the start of the new session in October 2019, Starry Lee, a pro-establishment councillor, stepped down from her position of the chairperson of the House Committee in order to participate in re-election. Dennis Kwok, a legislator belonging to the Civic Party, thus presided over the committee as Deputy Chair. Pan-democratic legislators have since then employed a tactic some referred to as “filibustering”, holding lengthy discussions on issues such as the extent of authority the police force has within the LegCo building or the operation of LegCo under COVID-19, successfully delaying the re-election of chairperson. Since a chair must be elected in the House Committee before any bills can be discussed, the national anthem bill was effectively blocked.
On 8 May 2020, Lee, after declaring the authority to preside over a committee meeting to end the months-long legislation deadlock, physically occupied the vacant committee chair, citing her previous occupancy of the chair in 2019. Pro-Beijing lawmakers and security staff kept pro-democracy lawmakers at bay for the committee meeting, with Lee urging lawmakers to take their seats, stating "I have not seized power, I am the incumbent chairperson of the house committee". Scuffles broke out, with at least one pro-democracy lawmaker reportedly injured. Most of the pro-democracy lawmakers eventually walked out. Lee and LegCo legal adviser Connie Fung stated Lee could preside due to the abnormal situation where a chair had not been elected for six months due to filibustering by pro-democracy lawmakers. The director of Hong Kong Watch stated "The current logjam in LegCo is a direct result of a broken system where the only strategy that the democrats have, despite representing the majority, is filibustering." Reports stated that Lee intends to criminalize disrespect of the Chinese national anthem, and also intends to re-attempt to introduce article 23 national security laws.
On 28 May 2020, the bill passed its second reading. Pan-democracy legislator Ted Hui dropped a rotten plant in front of LegCo president Andrew Leung in protest, for which he was later fined.
On 4 June 2020, the bill passed its third reading, with 41 legislators in favor of it and 1 against. 41 out of 42 pro-establishment legislators voted in favor of it, except the chairperson Leung who abstained. 1 out of 23 pan-democracy legislators voted against it, with the others abstaining, in protest. Before the voting, pan-democracy legislators Raymond Chan and Eddie Chu splashed a jar of reeking liquid in front of the rostrum in protest, accusing Andrew Leung of being a “rubber stamp” and that what he did will “reek for ten thousand years”. They were later fined for their action.
On 11 June 2020, the National Anthem Ordinance was signed by the Chief Executive Carrie Lam. It came into force on the next day after it was published in the Hong Kong Government Gazette.
On 30 July 2021, police made its first arrest under the law. The detainee was a 40-year-old man who had allegedly urged people to boo the Chinese national anthem as it was played at a live screening of an Olympics award ceremony in a shopping mall in Kwun Tong.
Concerns.
Craig Choy of the Progressive Lawyers Group said it was impractical to expect all the waiters and customers at a local eatery to stand up when the national anthem is heard on TV, and suggested that local stations should stop playing it in order to avoid controversy. University of Hong Kong principal law lecturer Eric Cheung also said will be unrealistic to include a provision on requiring one to stand. He also said it "would be quite scary" if "you’d have to follow the ideology and expressions of socialism in mainland China."
Eric Cheung said that the "ideological" and "guidance" provisions of the government’s proposed national anthem law, including a clause stating that primary and secondary schools would need to teach pupils to sing and understand the history of "March of the Volunteers", was a "complete deviation" from common law norms. In the mainland version of the law, "secondary and primary schools shall regard the national anthem as an important component in education to promote patriotism, organise students to learn to sing the national anthem, and teach students on the history and spirit of the national anthem and to observe the etiquette for performing and singing the national anthem". Cheung said that if the provision is stated but it does not punish the offender, there may be those who deliberately engage in such an act and it would diminish the solemnity and dignity of the law.
In response to the concerns and call for a white bill and public consultation, Chief Executive Carrie Lam dismissed it by stating that "I do not understand why one has to insist on the term 'public consultation'," calling the term only a "label". She also insisted the proposed bill only targets people who deliberately insult the national anthem and the residents not to worry about it.

</doc>
<doc id="56904108" url="?curid=56904108" title="Psoa maculata">
Psoa maculata

Psoa maculata is a species of horned powder-post beetle in the family Bostrichidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904110" url="?curid=56904110" title="Ahmad Ouachit">
Ahmad Ouachit

Ahmad Ouachit (born 1962) is a Moroccan alpine skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904118" url="?curid=56904118" title="Cafius luteipennis">
Cafius luteipennis

Cafius luteipennis is a species of large rove beetle in the family Staphylinidae. It can be found from British Columbia to Baja California.

</doc>
<doc id="56904124" url="?curid=56904124" title="Eremobates pallipes">
Eremobates pallipes

Eremobates pallipes is a species of windscorpion in the family Eremobatidae. It is known to occur in western North America, from Arizona to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56904130" url="?curid=56904130" title="Ahmed Ait Moulay">
Ahmed Ait Moulay

Ahmed Ait Moulay (born 5 December 1964) is a Moroccan alpine skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904131" url="?curid=56904131" title="Bembidion fortestriatum">
Bembidion fortestriatum

Bembidion fortestriatum is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904136" url="?curid=56904136" title="Isoperla richardsoni">
Isoperla richardsoni

Isoperla richardsoni, the sterling stripetail, is a species of green-winged stonefly in the family Perlodidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904138" url="?curid=56904138" title="Ahmed Moulay">
Ahmed Moulay


</doc>
<doc id="56904140" url="?curid=56904140" title="Tipula aprilina">
Tipula aprilina

Tipula aprilina is a species of large crane fly in the family Tipulidae.

</doc>
<doc id="56904142" url="?curid=56904142" title="Cacama pygmaea">
Cacama pygmaea

Cacama pygmaea is a species of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is found in Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904146" url="?curid=56904146" title="Dichelonyx truncata">
Dichelonyx truncata

Dichelonyx truncata is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904149" url="?curid=56904149" title="Hamid Oujebbad">
Hamid Oujebbad

Ahmad Ouachit is a Moroccan alpine skier. He competed in the men's giant slalom at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904150" url="?curid=56904150" title="Dichelonychini">
Dichelonychini

Dichelonychini is a tribe of beetles, known as May beetles and Junebugs, in the family Scarabaeidae. There are at least 3 genera and 60 described species in Dichelonychini.
Genera.
These three genera belong to the tribe Dichelonychini:

</doc>
<doc id="56904151" url="?curid=56904151" title="Rabdophaga nervorum">
Rabdophaga nervorum

Rabdophaga nervorum is a gall midge which forms galls on the leaves of sallows ("Salix" species).
Description.
The genus "Salix" supports many galls, some of which are difficult to identify, particularly those caused by the gall midges in the genus "Rabdophaga".
"Rabdophaga nervorum" forms galls on the midrib of leaves on sallows. The gall is an approximately 2–3 mm, spindle-shaped swelling on the underside of the midrib of a leaf. The swelling is not hard and contains a single, pale yellow larva. Pupation occurs within the gall.
The gall has been found on white willow ("S. alba"), "S. appendiculata", eared willow ("S. aurita"), Babylon willow ("S. babylonica"), goat willow ("S. caprea"), grey willow ("S. cinerea"), olive willow ("S. elaeagnos"), crack willow ("S. fragilis"), black willow ("S. nigra"), bay willow ("S. pentandra"), tea-leaved willow ("S. phylicifolia") and purple willow ("S. purpurea").
Distribution.
"Rabdophaga nervorum" has been found in Finland, France, Germany and Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales).

</doc>
<doc id="56904156" url="?curid=56904156" title="Criorhina nigripes">
Criorhina nigripes

Criorhina nigripes is a species of hoverfly in the family Syrphidae.
Distribution.
Canada, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56904160" url="?curid=56904160" title="Hyperaspis nigrosuturalis">
Hyperaspis nigrosuturalis

Hyperaspis nigrosuturalis is a species of lady beetle in the family Coccinellidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904164" url="?curid=56904164" title="Amblycorypha bartrami">
Amblycorypha bartrami

Amblycorypha bartrami, or Bartram's round-winged katydid, is a species of phaneropterine katydid in the family Tettigoniidae. It is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904166" url="?curid=56904166" title="Sea World Station">
Sea World Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904169" url="?curid=56904169" title="Brahim Ait Sibrahim">
Brahim Ait Sibrahim

Brahim Ait Sibrahim (born 1 January 1967) is a Moroccan alpine skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904170" url="?curid=56904170" title="Amblycorypha">
Amblycorypha

Amblycorypha is a North American genus of round-headed katydids in the family Tettigoniidae. There are about 14 described species in "Amblycorypha".
Species.
These 14 species belong to the genus "Amblycorypha":

</doc>
<doc id="56904171" url="?curid=56904171" title="Shuiwan Station">
Shuiwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904176" url="?curid=56904176" title="K-NN regression">
K-NN regression


</doc>
<doc id="56904178" url="?curid=56904178" title="Melanophila atropurpurea">
Melanophila atropurpurea

Melanophila atropurpurea is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae. It is found in Central America and North America.

</doc>
<doc id="56904179" url="?curid=56904179" title="Brahim Sibrahim">
Brahim Sibrahim


</doc>
<doc id="56904188" url="?curid=56904188" title="Third agricultural revolution">
Third agricultural revolution


</doc>
<doc id="56904189" url="?curid=56904189" title="Mohamud Siraji">
Mohamud Siraji

Mohamud Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji (Somali: "Maxamuud Cabdulaahi Sheikh Siraaji"; Arabic: محمود عبد الله شيخ سراج ) is a Somali politician who was elected from the state of Jubaland as a member of Federal Parliament of Somalia on the 15th of February 2018. Mohamud is the younger brother of the late Minister for Public Works and Reconstruction Abass Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji.
Early life and education.
Born to a religious family, Mohamud spent a great deal of his life living in Dadaab Refugee camps of North Eastern Kenya. At a tender age of 3, Siraji's family moved to Kenya's Dadaab camps via Liboi seeking refuge from the civil war in Somalia.
Born to strict religious parents, Siraji and his siblings have started Qur'anic school (Duksi) at an early age. It was long before he completed his Qur'anic studies and started learning the Islamic Jurisprudence also known as Fiq.
Mohamud completed both his primary and secondary school in Dadaab, Ifo Refugee camps and later proceeded to Toronto, Canada to Study Bachelor of Commerce at York University.
Siraji was a bright student and has completed at the top of his class both in primary and high school. Because of his high performance in the national exam, he was awarded a scholarship to study his bachelor's degree in Canada.
Politics.
Even though Mohamud joined active politics after the assassination of his late brother, he was actively involved in student organizations and youth advocacy groups. He has been involved in student leadership both in high school and in university. He served in various roles ranging from VP Finance to president in student organization in university.
After the assassination of his late brother, Abass Siraji, he decided to come back and serve his country. After a 9-month wait, he finally won the by-election on landslide on the 15th of Feb 2018.
Committees.
Siraji held assignments on multiple committees e.g. House Committee on Budget, Finance, Planning, and Financial Oversight of Public Institutions, Committee on Food Security and Nutrition, East Africa Parliamentary Alliance on Food Security and Nutrition (EAPA FSN) and the Ad hoc Committee to complete the Elections Act
House Committee on Budget, Finance, Planning, and Financial Oversight of Public Institutions.
On December 26, 2018, Mohamud Siraji was elected as the chairman of the House Committee on Budget, Finance, Planning, International Cooperation and Financial Oversight of Public Institutions. His election came after the former leadership of the committee has been disbanded after they submitted a controversial financial report that claimed that over $42 million have been lost through corruption. This, however, was later deemed to be incorrect report and the parliament apologized for the wrong report on the missing money.
Committee on Food Security and Nutrition.
In October 2018, Siraji together with Hon. Abdi Ali attended The Global Parliamentary Summit against Hunger and Malnutrition held in Madrid, Spain. In this summit, Siraji gave a moving speech about the status of food security in his home country of Somalia and pledged to form a parliamentary group that will dedicate to advocating for food security and nutrition in Somalia. On his return to the country, Siraji together with Hon. Ali advocated for the formation of a parliamentary group dedicated in ensuring that the government allocates resources that will ensure food security and nutrition. In March 2019, Food Security and Nutrition Committee was formed with Siraji being a member.
East Africa Parliamentary Alliance on Food Security and Nutrition (EAPA FSN).
Following the Madrid meeting, Siraji pledged to form food security committee both in Somalia and the Region. This followed subsequent meetings in Rwanda, Kenya and Tanzania and the ultimate formation of the East Africa Parliamentary Alliance on Food Security and Nutrition (EAPA FSN) 
This is a regional committee composed of all the East African countries. Somalia is represented by Hon. Siraji and Hon. Ali. The East Africa Parliamentary Alliance on Food Security and Nutrition (EAPA FSN) is currently chaired by Somalia's Hon. Abdi Ali Hassan
Bills Sponsored.
Mohamud who is the chair of the Committee on Budget, Finance, Planning and Financial Oversight of Public Institutions, was awarded the best performing member of parliament by the speaker on the closing ceremony of the 6th session of the 10th parliament. In just under a year, Siraj tabled over 10 bills that have all been approved by both houses of the parliament. Some of the bills he sponsored are: Public Financial Management Act (PFM), Customs Act, Statistics Act, Revenue Management Act, Amendments to Procurement Act, The Audit Bill etc.
Public Financial Management (PFM) Act.
Public Financial Management (PFM) Act is one of the benchmarks that was set for the government of Somalia in order to qualify for debt relief by the IMF. Siraji who was spearheading the legislative aspect of the SMP debt relief process, tabled the PFM act for debating and pushed for it until it was approved by both houses and signed into law by the president on 25th Dec. 2019 
Public financial management (PFM) is critical to basic economic governance and essential in establishing the performance, legitimacy and accountability of functional states.
Public financial management has to do with the effective administration of funds collected and spent by governments. It underlies all government activity and incorporates all components of a country's budget cycle including:
Ineffective public financial management systems hamper development and increase the risk of corruption.
Revenue Management Act.
Just like the PFM act, the Revenue Management Act was a key element to the SMP debt relief benchmarks set by IMF and the World Bank in order for Somalia to qualify for debt relief. This act was controversial as all the member states unilaterally rejected it since they have not initially been consulted. This was an opportunity for the young Siraji to shine as he embarked on consultative meetings with the Federal Member states. This bill was tabled for 2nd and 3rd reading on the 26th of Oct. 2019 and within the course, the bill was as well approved by the upper house.
On the 27th of Oct. 2019, the president signed the bill into an act 
Statistics Act.
Statistics Act was also an SMP benchmark that the Federal Government of Somalia has to meet before it can qualify for debt relief under the IMF/World Bank Highly Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) initiative.
The Bill was approved on the third reading by the House of the People (HoP) of theparliament of Somalia on the 28th of October 2019 and the president signed the bill into law.
Role on Debt Relief.
For Somalia to qualify the debt relief under the HIPC initiative, it had to do both structural and policy changes. The government of Somalia were required to streamline their public financial systems so that they can be entrusted with funds. For that to happen, a dozen number of bills all related to Finance had to be enacted into a law. While the actual decision eventually happened to be March 2020, the IMF and World Bank initially suggested to have the decision point pushed back to March 2021 because it was almost impossible to pass all the necessary bills through the parliament.
Siraji who was at the time the chairman of the Budget and Finance Committee took the sole responsibility to fast track the passage of those bills in both houses of the parliament. For a period of one year, Siraji and his committee tirelessly worked to meet all the benchmark set for the country in order to qualify the debt relief. As announced by the IMF on their website, Somalia successfully met all the benchmarks and a such, qualified to receive a debt relief under the HIPC process- thanks to Siraji and the team that worked to make this happen.
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs &amp; International Cooperation.
On 19th October 2020, Prime Minister Roble announced his new cabinet with Hon. Mohamud Siraji nominated as the deputy minister of Foreign Affairs &amp; International Cooperation. On 24th October, the House of the People of the Federal Republic of Somalia gave the vote of confidence and approved the new cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="56904197" url="?curid=56904197" title="Million Arthur Arcana Blood">
Million Arthur Arcana Blood


</doc>
<doc id="56904207" url="?curid=56904207" title="Dongjiaotou Station">
Dongjiaotou Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904215" url="?curid=56904215" title="Wanxia Station">
Wanxia Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904218" url="?curid=56904218" title="Haiyue Station">
Haiyue Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904221" url="?curid=56904221" title="Taewon Bang clan">
Taewon Bang clan

Taewon Bang clan () was one of the Korean clans. Their Bon-gwan was in Taiyuan, Shanxi, China. According to the research in 2000, the number of Taewon Bang clan was 52. Their founder was who was a general in Ming dynasty, China and was naturalized in Joseon.

</doc>
<doc id="56904223" url="?curid=56904223" title="Ella Miles">
Ella Miles


</doc>
<doc id="56904224" url="?curid=56904224" title="Dengliang Station">
Dengliang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904228" url="?curid=56904228" title="Houhai Station">
Houhai Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904231" url="?curid=56904231" title="Keyuan Station">
Keyuan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904235" url="?curid=56904235" title="Hongshuwan Station">
Hongshuwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904237" url="?curid=56904237" title="Qiaocheng North Station">
Qiaocheng North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904239" url="?curid=56904239" title="Eduardo Kopper">
Eduardo Kopper

Eduardo Kopper (born 16 August 1965) is a Costa Rican alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904241" url="?curid=56904241" title="Shenkang Station">
Shenkang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904247" url="?curid=56904247" title="Antuo Hill Station">
Antuo Hill Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904253" url="?curid=56904253" title="Qiaoxiang Station">
Qiaoxiang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904256" url="?curid=56904256" title="Xiangmi Station">
Xiangmi Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904260" url="?curid=56904260" title="Xiangmei North Station">
Xiangmei North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904264" url="?curid=56904264" title="Jingtian Station">
Jingtian Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904269" url="?curid=56904269" title="Lianhua West Station">
Lianhua West Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904273" url="?curid=56904273" title="Civic Center Station (Shenzhen)">
Civic Center Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904278" url="?curid=56904278" title="Burnley Coalfield">
Burnley Coalfield

The Burnley Coalfield is the most northerly portion of the Lancashire Coalfield. Surrounding Burnley, Nelson, Blackburn and Accrington, it is separated from the larger southern part by an area of Millstone Grit that forms the Rossendale anticline. Occupying a syncline, it stretches from Blackburn past Colne to the Yorkshire border where its eastern flank is the Pennine anticline.
Geography and geology.
The Burnley Coalfield which surrounds Burnley, Nelson, Blackburn and Accrington is the most northerly portion of the Lancashire Coalfield. The Rossendale anticline, an area of Millstone Grit, separates it from the larger southern part of the coalfield. Occupying a syncline bounded by the Pendle monocline to the north, the coalfield stretches from Blackburn, eastwards past Colne to the Pennine anticline on the border with Yorkshire.
The coalfield's seams are the Westphalian Coal Measures of the Carboniferous period, laid down from the vegetation of tropical swampy forests more than 300 million years ago but here, only the Lower Coal Measures remain. Within the coalfield, the dip in the strata varies from shallow to the south and west but steeper where there are faults. Named faults include the Deerplay Fault in the middle of the district which is associated with a line to west where the Lower Mountain and Upper Foot mines combine to form the Union mine. The Cliviger Valley Fault has a throw of up to in the Cliviger valley. The intersecting Theiveley Lead Mine and nearby Hameldon Faults are some of a smaller number of easterly aligned structures which separate the coalfield from the horizontal strata of Rossendale. Other unnamed faults include one between Altham and Huncoat which is considered to be the boundary between the Burnley and Accrington district.
Around the district, 19 coal seams, of varying thickness were exploited over time. The most important were the Lower/Union and Upper Mountain, Dandy, King and Arley mines. Seams were generally less than 1.5 metres in thickness, frequently less. One notable exception occurs in the Calder Valley near Gawthorpe Hall, where as a result of the absence of the Tim Bobbin Rock which usually separates the King and Fulledge Thin mines, the Padiham Thick mine is up to 5.3 metres thick. Coal extracted from the Arley, Upper and Lower Mountain mines was used to produce high grade metallurgical coke which was in high demand for industry, whereas coal from the Union/Upper Foot mines had a high sulphur content making it unsuitable for making coke.
The Union mine is contaminated with in-seam concretions known locally as coal balls or bobbers, spherical concretions, composed of limestone measuring from 0.1 to 1.0 metre in diameter that posed hazards for mining. They were largely responsible for the closure of Bank Hall Colliery, the area's largest and deepest pit.
History.
Coal was exploited in the 13th century at Trawden near Colne where receipts are mentioned in a rent roll from 1295. Coal was also bought at Cliviger. The first coals were extracted at the outcrops before shaft and adit mining were adopted. The coal industry grew in the 16th and 17th centuries, developing from manorial tenants who dug coal for their own use into fixed term leases in return for rent. Coal was mined all around Burnley, mostly from shafts. By 1800, more than a dozen pits had been sunk in central Burnley.
The arrival of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal was a catalyst for industrialisation as was the coming of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway line through Burnley to Colne in 1848. In the 1840s some old small pits such as Cleggs Pit and Habergham closed and larger collieries were sunk at Bank House Colliery, Whittlefield Colliery and the old Fulledge Colliery was redeveloped and linked by a tramway to canal. Tramways came into more common use in the 1880s and several collieries in the town were linked by the system.
Several collieries were nationalised under the Coal Industry Nationalisation Act 1946 on vesting day, 1 January 1947. After the 1950s much of the area was opencasted. Coal was opencast at Helm, Royal Zone, Gawthorpe Hall and Tipping Hill. Hill Top Colliery, a very small drift mine near Bacup, was still producing small amounts of coal in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="56904279" url="?curid=56904279" title="Third Agricultural Revolution">
Third Agricultural Revolution


</doc>
<doc id="56904281" url="?curid=56904281" title="Sara Hardaker">
Sara Hardaker

Sara Louise Hardaker (born 1 December 1975) is a former English professional badminton player. She has been capped 31 times for England. Hardaker who came from Kent and attended Gravesend Grammar School for Girls between 1987 and 1994, won the mixed doubles title at the English national junior championships in 1992/93 season partnered with Lee Boosey, and also the girls' doubles event in 1993/94 season partnered with Rebecca Pantaney. She and Boosey were the bronze medallists at the 1993 European Junior Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria. Hardaker competed at the World Championships in three consecutive years in 1997 Glasgow, 1999 Copenhagen, and 2001 Seville. She represented Great Britain at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Hardaker completing her undergraduate degree in sport science, and work at the Nuffield physiotherapist. Before joining Nuffield, she used to work for the National Health Service at Barnet &amp; Chase hospital whilst also being the club physio for Tabard RFC in Herts.
Achievements.
IBF World Grand Prix.
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
"Women's doubles"
IBF International.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="56904290" url="?curid=56904290" title="Gangxia North Station">
Gangxia North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904292" url="?curid=56904292" title="Huaqiang North Station">
Huaqiang North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904295" url="?curid=56904295" title="Yannan Station">
Yannan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904297" url="?curid=56904297" title="Hubei Station">
Hubei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904299" url="?curid=56904299" title="Huangbeiling Station">
Huangbeiling Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904301" url="?curid=56904301" title="Lin Chi-liang">
Lin Chi-liang

Lin Chi-liang (born 27 September 1959) is a Taiwanese alpine skier. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904302" url="?curid=56904302" title="Xinxiu Station">
Xinxiu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904306" url="?curid=56904306" title="Steven Hiroyuki Aoki">
Steven Hiroyuki Aoki


</doc>
<doc id="56904308" url="?curid=56904308" title="Lin Chi-Liang">
Lin Chi-Liang


</doc>
<doc id="56904309" url="?curid=56904309" title="Steven Aoki">
Steven Aoki


</doc>
<doc id="56904311" url="?curid=56904311" title="Hiroyuki Aoki">
Hiroyuki Aoki


</doc>
<doc id="56904312" url="?curid=56904312" title="Moose Consortium">
Moose Consortium


</doc>
<doc id="56904316" url="?curid=56904316" title="Yitian Station">
Yitian Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904318" url="?curid=56904318" title="Shixia Station">
Shixia Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904320" url="?curid=56904320" title="Children's Palace Station">
Children's Palace Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904324" url="?curid=56904324" title="Lianhuacun Station">
Lianhuacun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904329" url="?curid=56904329" title="Ong Ching-ming">
Ong Ching-ming

Ong Ching-ming (born 13 October 1968) is a Taiwanese alpine skier. He competed at the 1984, the 1988 and the 1992 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904334" url="?curid=56904334" title="Huaxin Station">
Huaxin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904336" url="?curid=56904336" title="Tongxinling Station">
Tongxinling Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904338" url="?curid=56904338" title="Ong Ching-Ming">
Ong Ching-Ming


</doc>
<doc id="56904340" url="?curid=56904340" title="Hongling Station">
Hongling Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904343" url="?curid=56904343" title="Shaibu Station">
Shaibu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904346" url="?curid=56904346" title="Moose Consortium Inc.">
Moose Consortium Inc.


</doc>
<doc id="56904349" url="?curid=56904349" title="Cuizhu Station">
Cuizhu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904351" url="?curid=56904351" title="Monastic Education Development Group (MEDG)">
Monastic Education Development Group (MEDG)


</doc>
<doc id="56904353" url="?curid=56904353" title="Tianbei Station">
Tianbei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904357" url="?curid=56904357" title="Shuibei Station">
Shuibei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904360" url="?curid=56904360" title="Caopu Station">
Caopu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904362" url="?curid=56904362" title="Buji Station">
Buji Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904365" url="?curid=56904365" title="Edward Samen">
Edward Samen

Edward Samen is a Lebanese alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904367" url="?curid=56904367" title="Mumianwan Station">
Mumianwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904370" url="?curid=56904370" title="Dafen Station">
Dafen Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904373" url="?curid=56904373" title="Università di Roma “La Sapienza”">
Università di Roma “La Sapienza”


</doc>
<doc id="56904375" url="?curid=56904375" title="Danzhutou Station">
Danzhutou Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904377" url="?curid=56904377" title="Liuyue Station">
Liuyue Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904380" url="?curid=56904380" title="Tangkeng Station (Shenzhen)">
Tangkeng Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904382" url="?curid=56904382" title="Henggang Station">
Henggang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904384" url="?curid=56904384" title="Yonghu Station">
Yonghu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904387" url="?curid=56904387" title="He'ao Station">
He'ao Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904391" url="?curid=56904391" title="Universiade Station">
Universiade Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904397" url="?curid=56904397" title="Huang Jinrong">
Huang Jinrong

Huang Jinrong (; 10 May 1868 – 20 June 1953), nicknamed "Pockmarked" due to a bad case of smallpox, was a Chinese detective who worked for the French Concession police force in Shanghai from 1892 to 1925. Even though he was a detective, he was also one of Shanghai's three major gangsters along with Du Yuesheng and Zhang Xiaolin, who worked for the Green Gang. Despite the Gang's gradual collapse, Huang stayed in Shanghai until he died of illness in 1953.
Early life.
Huang was born in Suzhou but moved, at the age of 5, to Shanghai where his father opened a teahouse. He worked as an apprentice in a picture framing shop near the City God Temple. He later worked at his father's teahouse, where he developed connections with criminal and hustling patrons. Due to his father's connections with the constabulary, Huang was easily able to test into the French Concession police at the age of 24 in 1892.
Career.
Huang began his career for the French Concession in 1892 as a detective. He quickly rose to prominence as one of the leading detectives because he was able to solve many cases with assistance from the contacts he made in his father's teahouse. After an argument with his French officer, Huang briefly retired to Suzhou until he was brought back into the French police force based on his strength as a sleuth. His criminal influence grew as he organized drug trafficking, gambling dens, and granting "favors" to criminals. Each day, Huang held court to determine whether a felon should be turned over to the police. He married Lin Guisheng in 1900, who partly managed his opium dealings. Huang was introduced to Du Yuesheng who Huang appointed to run some of his opium dens. Crime in the French Concession increased as Huang had such a prominent position in the police force and organized most of the Green Gang's activity in this zone. 
Huang was dismissed from the police force in 1924 after he publicly beat the Shanghai Warlord's son. He was arrested by the Shanghai Garrison, and only released after Du Yuesheng and Zhang Xiaolin negotiated and paid for his release. Huang stepped down from the police force but remained one of the Green Gang's bosses, which he formally joined in 1927.
Later life.
Huang Jinrong remained in Shanghai for the rest of his life, controlling the Green Gang. Together with Du, he worked with the Chiang Kai-shek to suppress the Communist movement in Shanghai in 1927.
Huang eventually died of sickness at the age of 85 in 1953.
In popular culture.
Some depictions of Huang in popular culture include:

</doc>
<doc id="56904399" url="?curid=56904399" title="Ailian Station">
Ailian Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904402" url="?curid=56904402" title="Mónica Baltodano">
Mónica Baltodano

Mónica Baltodano was a commander of the guerrilla revolutionary group known as the Sandinista National Liberation Front during the Nicaraguan Revolution. She worked in the movement for several decades, and after experiencing the corruption and authoritarianism within the movement, she left in 2005 to form the Movement to Rescue Sandinismo (Movimiento por el Rescate del Sandinismo), known as El Rescate.
Biography.
Baltodano was born in Leon, Nicaragua on August 14, 1954. She is one of nine children, two boys and seven girls. Her father was a lawyer and her mother was a shop owner. She attended Catholic school in La Pureza with her six sisters while her two brothers studied in La Salle. Her family moved to Managua in 1972 when her mother split from her father due to what she saw as a lack of acceptance of her involvement in the war. All of Baltodano's siblings were revolutionaries as well, with her sister Alma losing her hands while building a contact bomb at age 15 and her sister Zulemita losing her life in a bombing at age 16. Baltodano has four children of her own, including environmental lawyer and activist Mónica López Baltodano.
Political involvement.
Baltodano became politically involved in high school when she worked on the campaign to free Doris Tijerino, a Sandinista revolutionary, from prison. She joined the Revolutionary Students Front, an armed group of young revolutionaries in 1972. Baltodano went underground with the Sandinista movement in 1974, compelled to action by the nation's declining political and economic conditions. In 1977 she was captured, arrested, and tortured for nine months while leading the North Front of the FSLN. After her release, she was put in charge of the capital, leading the movement's activities in Managua. By then a Guerrilla Commander, she led the final offensive of the revolution in 1979.
When the war ended, Baltodano took a more political role and was appointed Secretariat of Mass Organizations. After several decades in the FSLN, Baltodano took issue with what she described as an authoritarian, vertical leadership style rife with corruption. Because of this, she left the party in 2005 to form the Movement to Rescue Sandinismo, known in Nicaragua as El Rescate.
Baltodano was one of several FSLN women featured in the 2018 documentary "¡Las Sandinistas!".
Further reading.
Global Feminisms Project at the University of Michigan

</doc>
<doc id="56904403" url="?curid=56904403" title="Jixiang Station">
Jixiang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904405" url="?curid=56904405" title="Giannos Pipis">
Giannos Pipis

Giannos Pipis (born 25 February 1966) is a Cypriot alpine skier. He competed in two events at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904408" url="?curid=56904408" title="Longcheng Square Station">
Longcheng Square Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904413" url="?curid=56904413" title="Nanlian Station">
Nanlian Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904415" url="?curid=56904415" title="Shuanglong Station (Shenzhen)">
Shuanglong Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904424" url="?curid=56904424" title="Consiglio per la Ricerca e la Sperimentazione in Agricoltura">
Consiglio per la Ricerca e la Sperimentazione in Agricoltura


</doc>
<doc id="56904430" url="?curid=56904430" title="Alekhis Fotiadis">
Alekhis Fotiadis

Alekhis Fotiadis (born 25 July 1967) is a Cypriot alpine skier. He competed at the 1984, 1988 and the 1992 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="56904440" url="?curid=56904440" title="Alexis Photiadis">
Alexis Photiadis


</doc>
<doc id="56904452" url="?curid=56904452" title="Kai-Ri-Sei Million Arthur VR">
Kai-Ri-Sei Million Arthur VR


</doc>
<doc id="56904453" url="?curid=56904453" title="Kai-ri-Sei Million Arthur VR">
Kai-ri-Sei Million Arthur VR


</doc>
<doc id="56904458" url="?curid=56904458" title="Niko Kirwan">
Niko Kirwan

Niko Mario Patrick Kirwan (born 4 September 1995) is a New Zealand–Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career.
Team Wellington.
Kirwan signed to play for Team Wellington in the New Zealand Football Championship for the 2016–2017 season.
Mestre.
On the 28 July 2017, Kirwan signed a one-year deal with Mestre who play in the Italian Serie C.
Reggina.
On 8 July 2018, Kirwan signed a one-year deal with an option for another two with Reggina who play in the Italian Serie C.
Reggiana.
On 16 August 2019, he signed a 2-year contract with Reggiana.
International career.
On the 15 March 2018, Kirwan was called up for the New Zealand national football team as part of its 24-man squad for their friendly against Canada.
Personal life.
Kirwan is the son of New Zealand All Black Sir John Kirwan. He lived in Italy for 10 years which is where he got his love of football from and learnt Italian. He also holds Italian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="56904462" url="?curid=56904462" title="Exhibition Center (Dongguan Rail Transit) Station">
Exhibition Center (Dongguan Rail Transit) Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904467" url="?curid=56904467" title="Sarah Hardaker">
Sarah Hardaker


</doc>
<doc id="56904471" url="?curid=56904471" title="Psychographic">
Psychographic


</doc>
<doc id="56904482" url="?curid=56904482" title="Jonathan Lung">
Jonathan Lung


</doc>
<doc id="56904488" url="?curid=56904488" title="Kaku-san-sei Million Arthur">
Kaku-san-sei Million Arthur


</doc>
<doc id="56904489" url="?curid=56904489" title="Ayşe Sezgin">
Ayşe Sezgin

Ayşe Sezgin (born 23 January 1958) is a Turkish diplomat and former Ambassador of Turkey.
Private life.
Ayşe Sezgin was born in Ankara, Turkey in 1958. She completed her high school education at Üsküdar American Academy in Istanbul, and was then educated at the Faculty of Administrative and Social Science in Hacettepe University, Ankara.
She is married to diplomat and ambassador Aydın Adnan Sezgin. They have one child.
Career.
Ayşe Sezgin entered in the service of Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1983. She worked in many diplomatic missions of Turkey, including Antwerp, Belgium, Mosul, Iraq, Lyon, France, Geneva, Switzerland (United Nations), Paris, France and London, United Kingdom. From 2006 to 2008, Sezgin was the Deputy General Manager of the European Union Affairs Department in the Ministry.
She was appointed Ambassador of Turkey to Slovenia succeeding Melek Sina Baydur and serving in Ljubljana between 15 March 2008 and 9 October 2009. Returned home, she became in 2010 Deputy Undersecretary responsible for European Union Affairs in the Ministry, the highest-ranked position held for the first time ever by a female civil servant in Turkey. In 2011, Sezgin was appointed ambassador to Austria succeeding Kadri Ecvet Tezcan. Her next appointment was to Valletta as Ambassador to Malta, where she served until 1 July 2015. On 14 June 2017, she became advisor at the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="56904491" url="?curid=56904491" title="Futian Checkpoint Station">
Futian Checkpoint Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904496" url="?curid=56904496" title="Fumin Station">
Fumin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904500" url="?curid=56904500" title="Lianhua North Station">
Lianhua North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904502" url="?curid=56904502" title="Lac de Créteil">
Lac de Créteil

Lac de Créteil (Lake Creteil in English) is an artificial lake of about 40 hectares located in Créteil (Val-de-Marne), Paris. This is an old quarry reconverted into a lake in the mid-1970s.
This site is served by the Pointe du Lac metro station.
At the beginning of 1968, the project began. The work of development of the surroundings of the lake lasted until 1988. 
Since 2003, the management of the House of Nature has been entrusted to the Nature and Society association. 
In 2001, botulism germs were found in corpses of swans and fish, which resulted in the suspension of the authorisation to fish until 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="56904509" url="?curid=56904509" title="Tax and Customs Board">
Tax and Customs Board

The Tax and Customs Board (), also known by its acronym MTA, is the taxation authority in the Republic of Estonia. It is an agency of the Ministry of Finance.
The agency deals with collection of revenue for the state budget, the implementation of tax laws, customs rules and related legislation, enforcement, licensing gambling companies and lottery organisations, supervision and inspection of gambling and lotteries, and provision of service to citizens and e-residents to aid in fulfilment of tax liability and customs procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="56904512" url="?curid=56904512" title="Northern dynasty Chou">
Northern dynasty Chou


</doc>
<doc id="56904513" url="?curid=56904513" title="Bonn zoological Bulletin">
Bonn zoological Bulletin


</doc>
<doc id="56904516" url="?curid=56904516" title="Southern dynasty Liang">
Southern dynasty Liang


</doc>
<doc id="56904518" url="?curid=56904518" title="Shangmeilin Station">
Shangmeilin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904522" url="?curid=56904522" title="Minle Station">
Minle Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904524" url="?curid=56904524" title="Gohi Bi Zoro Cyriac Sede">
Gohi Bi Zoro Cyriac Sede


</doc>
<doc id="56904525" url="?curid=56904525" title="Isabelle of Gloucester">
Isabelle of Gloucester


</doc>
<doc id="56904528" url="?curid=56904528" title="Baishilong Station">
Baishilong Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904533" url="?curid=56904533" title="Worthiness interview">
Worthiness interview


</doc>
<doc id="56904540" url="?curid=56904540" title="St. Catharines Wolves B">
St. Catharines Wolves B


</doc>
<doc id="56904541" url="?curid=56904541" title="Nibujon">
Nibujon


</doc>
<doc id="56904550" url="?curid=56904550" title="Shenzhen North railway station">
Shenzhen North railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56904555" url="?curid=56904555" title="Barton, Irlam and Higginson">
Barton, Irlam and Higginson

Barton, Irlam and Higginson was a noted Liverpool firm of shipowners specializing in the trade with Barbados in the first half of the 19th century. The three partners were William Barton, George Irlam, and John Higginson. The firm made a practice of naming several of its vessels after the partners. 
Higginson may have joined the partnership around 1808. In that year the ownership of the ship "Maxwell" changed from Higginson to Barton &amp; Co., and her master changed from J. Edwards to J. Irlam.
Although Liverpool was an important center for Britain's slave trade, and Barbados an important destination for slave ships, the partnership does not appear to have engaged in slave trading. Two of the vessels the partners bought had been slave traders, but were not once the partners bought them. Captain John Gillespie (or Gilespy) of "Barton", the ship the partners purchased in 1810 and trading between Liverpool and Bridgetown, was involved in 43 transactions involving manumissions of slaves in Bridgetown between 1806 and 1818. The firm, however, did lend to Barbados plantations, all of which employed slaves.
Sir William Barton, then head of Barton, Irlam and Higginson, died aged 70 in 1826. He had been knighted in 1816 when Mayor of Liverpool on presenting an address of congratulation to the Regent on the marriage of Princess Charlotte of Wales. When Barton died, Irlam and Higginson took up his shares in the vessel "Higginson". George Irlam died before John Higginson, who died in 1834. His son Jonathon succeeded him as a partner in the firm. 
Bankruptcy.
Fiat in Bankruptcy was issued on 13 November 1847 against Jonathan Higginson and Richard Deane of Liverpool carrying on business at Liverpool under the firm of Barton, Irlam and Higginson, and at Barbadoes under the firm of Higginson, Deane &amp; Stott.
Barton, Irlam and Higginson meet with considerable opposition in the Liverpool District Court of Bankruptcy. Reportedly, they had received a large quantity of sugar from Mr Hinds, of Barbadoes, in June 1847, pledged it in July for £20,000, and in August got a further advance of £30,000, at the same time owing Mr Hinds a large balance.
When Barton, Irlam and Higginson failed it had liabilities of £850,119, of which the Royal Bank of Liverpool held £545,791. (The bankruptcy occurred during the great railway panic of 1847 and the Bank suspended operations between 18 October and 1 December. It then operated until it finally failed in 1867. The bank's failure resulted in the failure of the White Star Line.)
The Official Assignee announced in 1851 a dividend of 20s (sic) on the pound. Actually, the dividend amounted to 17s 6d in the pound.
The bankruptcy was still underway in 1870. In 1895 the Official Receiver was still negotiating with Jonathan Higginson's widow Charlotte over stock of the North-Eastern Railway Co. Jonathon, who had died in 1859, had on his own account purchased shares in the Leeds and Thirsk Railway, with which the North-Eastern Railway Company later merged. At the time of the merger the value of the new shares in the merged railway was £3087. However, the railway never paid out the dividends accruing to those shares with the result that by 1895 the shares and accrued dividends were worth about £7000. Charlotte Higginson and the Receiver agreed to divide this amount, with Charlotte getting £3087 plus the last six years of accrued dividends, and the Receiver the remainder.
The accounts of the Assignees were last reported audited in 1897.
Citations and references.
Citations
References

</doc>
<doc id="56904556" url="?curid=56904556" title="2003 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2003 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 2003 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 46th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Zhang Yining and Wang Nan defeated Niu Jianfeng and Guo Yue in the final by four sets to one.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56904559" url="?curid=56904559" title="Estonian Tax and Customs Board">
Estonian Tax and Customs Board


</doc>
<doc id="56904560" url="?curid=56904560" title="Monica Gachevska">
Monica Gachevska


</doc>
<doc id="56904565" url="?curid=56904565" title="Natalia Khrushcheleva">
Natalia Khrushcheleva


</doc>
<doc id="56904567" url="?curid=56904567" title="Francisco Ortego Vereda">
Francisco Ortego Vereda


</doc>
<doc id="56904572" url="?curid=56904572" title="Lyudmila Formanova">
Lyudmila Formanova


</doc>
<doc id="56904579" url="?curid=56904579" title="Andrea Shuldesova">
Andrea Shuldesova


</doc>
<doc id="56904592" url="?curid=56904592" title="Christoph Scheibler">
Christoph Scheibler

Christoph Scheibler (born 6 December 1589 in Armsfeld, died 10 November 1653 in Dortmund) was a German philosopher, classical philologist, Lutheran theologian and metaphysician. He was Professor of Logic and Metaphysics at the University of Giessen from 1610. He was appointed as Superintendent, i.e. Bishop, in 1625.
His descendants became a prominent family of both academics and industrialists in western Germany near the current Belgian border, and several descendants were ennobled.

</doc>
<doc id="56904601" url="?curid=56904601" title="Lake Creteil">
Lake Creteil


</doc>
<doc id="56904602" url="?curid=56904602" title="John Emory Bryant">
John Emory Bryant

John Emory Bryant (October 13, 1836 – February 27, 1900) served in the Union Army during the American Civil War and the Freedmens Bureau in Georgia during the Reconstruction Era. He also worked as a newspaper editor, Republican Party organizer, member of the Georgia House of Representatives and a candidate for U.S. Congress. Duke University has a collection of papers related to Bryant. He corresponded with William Anderson Pledger and Henry McNeal Turner. He was a member of the Methodist Church and involved in the temperance movement.
He served in the 8th Maine Volunteers during the Civil War.
Bryant was born in Wayne, Maine to Benjamin Franklin Bryant, a Methodist minister and Lucy Ford French. He graduated in 1859 from Maine Wesleyan Seminary.
Bryant married Emma Frances Spaulding and they had one child, Emma Alice Bryant (1871–1946).

</doc>
<doc id="56904606" url="?curid=56904606" title="Junior Lone Star FC II">
Junior Lone Star FC II


</doc>
<doc id="56904607" url="?curid=56904607" title="North York Astros B">
North York Astros B


</doc>
<doc id="56904614" url="?curid=56904614" title="Pointe du Lac metro station">
Pointe du Lac metro station


</doc>
<doc id="56904620" url="?curid=56904620" title="Lynne Robinson">
Lynne Robinson

Lynne Duval (née Robinson, born 21 June 1969) is an English former middle-distance runner. She finished fourth in the 800 metres final at the 1986 World Junior Championships and went on to win the 1500 metres title at the 1993 Universiade.
Career.
A member of Coventry Godiva Harriers, Robinson was a successful junior who won the AAA Under 17 800 m title in 1984 and 1985, and finished fourth in the 800 metres final at the 1986 World Junior Championships in 2:02.18. Her best time for the 800 m was achieved on 26 July 1989 in Wythenshawe, when she ran 2:02.0.
Robinson won the 1992 UK Championships 800m title, narrowly defeating Coventry Godiva clubmate, Lorraine Baker, 2:04.47 to 2:04.52, and went on to finish fourth in the 800 m final at the 1992 AAA Championships/Olympic trials. The highlight of her career came when she won the 1500 metres title at the 1993 Universiade in Buffalo, New York, in a time of 4:12.03. Her 1500m best of 4:10.32 was set on 30 July 1994 in Hechtel.
Robinson has a PhD in Social History from Warwick University (1997) and is a lecturer at the University of Northampton.

</doc>
<doc id="56904636" url="?curid=56904636" title="Chaim Samuel Honig">
Chaim Samuel Honig


</doc>
<doc id="56904638" url="?curid=56904638" title="Angela Thorpe">
Angela Thorpe


</doc>
<doc id="56904645" url="?curid=56904645" title="Lal Shah Bhokhari">
Lal Shah Bhokhari


</doc>
<doc id="56904646" url="?curid=56904646" title="Nura Abdullahi">
Nura Abdullahi

Nura Abdullahi (born 17 August 1997) is a Nigerian former professional footballer.
Club career.
He made his Serie B debut for Perugia on 3 February 2018 in a game against Cittadella.
Abdullahi retired in April 2019 on medical

</doc>
<doc id="56904656" url="?curid=56904656" title="Abdullahi Nura">
Abdullahi Nura


</doc>
<doc id="56904667" url="?curid=56904667" title="Richard P. Howell">
Richard P. Howell

Richard P. Howell (September 3, 1831 – April 5, 1899) was an American carpenter, businessman, and politician.
Early life and education.
Howell was born in Pennant, Powys, in the parish of Llanbrynmair, Powys, Montgomeryshire, Wales, United Kingdom. He went to the public schools in Wales. In 1854, Howell emigrated to the United States and settled in Racine, Wisconsin. Howell worked as a carpenter and was a contractor. He also was involved with the banking business in Racine. Howell served on the Racine Board of Education and on the Racine County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. Howell was a Republican. In 1882, Howell served in the Wisconsin Assembly. Howell died at his home in Racine, Wisconsin. He was suffering from rheumatism.

</doc>
<doc id="56904672" url="?curid=56904672" title="Märt Rask">
Märt Rask

Märt Rask (born 19 December 1950) is an Estonian attorney, jurist, and politician who was the Estonian Minister of the Interior from 1995 to 1996, as well as being the Justice Minister in 1992 and from 1999 to 2003 and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Estonia from 2004 to 2013.
Biography.
Rask is the son of lawyer Valdeko Leeto (1927–1992). Rask's son, Rasmus Rask (born 1977) was a member of the Estonian Bar Association from 2000 to 2001. Rask graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Tartu in 1978. Starting 1 August 1978, From August 1, 1978, he was a member of the Estonian SSR Lawyers' College. From 1978 to 1979, he worked as a legal adviser in Pärnu and Tallinn. He is currently a partner of Rask Advokaadibüroo.
Political career.
Rask later became the Deputy Legal Director and Head of Legal Advice from 1979 to 1990, as well as the first Deputy Minister of Justice of the Estonian SSR from 1990 to 1992.
From 1995 to 1996, Rask was the Estonian Minister of the Interior, as well as being the Justice Minister in 1992 and from 1999 to 2003. From 2004 to 2013, Rask was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Estonia. He retired from public life after being voted out of his last post. He was a legal adviser to former prime minister Taavi Rõivas.
Rask is a member of the Estonian Reform Party and was a member of the Riigikogu from 1999 to 2007 for their party.
In March 2001, the Ministry of Justice carried out a reform in the area of government of Märt Rask´, which abolished the former executive departments subordinated to county and city courts and appointed freelance bailiffs who had successfully passed the attestation. The superficial implementation of the reform and Märt Rask´'s incompetent behavior are reflected in the latter's directive, which imposed an unjustified fine of 50,000 kroons on bailiff Raul Uesson´. Raul Uesson appealed the minister's order to the court and won both the court of first and second instance. The court found that the order of the Minister of Justice had significantly violated the basic requirements for imposing a disciplinary sanction. The content of the disciplinary offense and the factual circumstances are not clear from the directive, the description of the offense does not correspond to the composition of the identified disciplinary offense.
References.
7. https://epl.delfi.ee/eesti/kohtutaitur-seljatas-justiitsministeeriumi?id=51166234 - Eesti Päevaleht, 21.04.2009.
8. https://www.postimees.ee/1963409/justiitsministeerium-jattis-otsuse-taitmata - Postimees, 9.09.2002.

</doc>
<doc id="56904674" url="?curid=56904674" title="Burlington SC B">
Burlington SC B


</doc>
<doc id="56904675" url="?curid=56904675" title="Plagiarism checker">
Plagiarism checker


</doc>
<doc id="56904679" url="?curid=56904679" title="Plagiarism detector">
Plagiarism detector


</doc>
<doc id="56904680" url="?curid=56904680" title="Christina Nicolau">
Christina Nicolau


</doc>
<doc id="56904684" url="?curid=56904684" title="William Anderson Pledger">
William Anderson Pledger


</doc>
<doc id="56904685" url="?curid=56904685" title="J. Pers. Psychol.">
J. Pers. Psychol.


</doc>
<doc id="56904691" url="?curid=56904691" title="J Neurovirology">
J Neurovirology


</doc>
<doc id="56904692" url="?curid=56904692" title="J. Neurovirology">
J. Neurovirology


</doc>
<doc id="56904693" url="?curid=56904693" title="Diagnosis of chronic traumatic encephalopathy">
Diagnosis of chronic traumatic encephalopathy


</doc>
<doc id="56904694" url="?curid=56904694" title="Marika Tulinimi">
Marika Tulinimi


</doc>
<doc id="56904702" url="?curid=56904702" title="J Micromechanics Microengineering">
J Micromechanics Microengineering


</doc>
<doc id="56904703" url="?curid=56904703" title="J. Micromechanics Microengineering">
J. Micromechanics Microengineering


</doc>
<doc id="56904705" url="?curid=56904705" title="Anya Gundler">
Anya Gundler


</doc>
<doc id="56904709" url="?curid=56904709" title="Signs and symptoms of chronic traumatic encephalopathy">
Signs and symptoms of chronic traumatic encephalopathy


</doc>
<doc id="56904710" url="?curid=56904710" title="Mitek Systems">
Mitek Systems

Mitek Systems, Inc is a software company that specializes in digital identity verification and mobile capture built on artificial intelligence algorithms. The company's technology allows people to deposit checks via their mobile phones and open bank accounts from mobile devices. Additionally, the technology verifies people’s identity with patented algorithms that capture, classify and authenticate photos of identity documents including passports, ID cards, and driver's licenses. The identity of the person holding the document is confirmed through a biometric facial comparison of the photo on the document to a selfie.
History.
The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in San Diego, California.
In 2011, it was announced that Mitek was turning their mobile imaging technology toward the health care and insurance industries, in addition to mobile banking.
In 2014, USAA and Mitek Systems, Inc. settled a -year-old dispute over the invention of the technology used for mobile check deposit, with both companies' patents remaining intact and neither side paying the other.
On May 26, 2015, the company acquired IDchecker, a provider of cloud-based identity document verification and facial recognition products.
On October 16, 2017, the company acquired Icar Vision Systems, a Spanish company specializing in customer identity verification.

</doc>
<doc id="56904714" url="?curid=56904714" title="J Light Technol">
J Light Technol


</doc>
<doc id="56904715" url="?curid=56904715" title="J. Light. Technol.">
J. Light. Technol.


</doc>
<doc id="56904716" url="?curid=56904716" title="IPACA">
IPACA


</doc>
<doc id="56904719" url="?curid=56904719" title="Signs and symptoms of dementia">
Signs and symptoms of dementia


</doc>
<doc id="56904720" url="?curid=56904720" title="You're My Only Shinin' Star">
You're My Only Shinin' Star

"You're My Only Shinin' Star" is a song recorded by Japanese entertainer Miho Nakayama, from her third studio album "Summer Breeze" (1986). It was re-recorded two years later and released as her 10th single by King Records on February 17, 1988; this version was included in her 1989 compilation album "Ballads". The album version of the song is featured on the TBS drama series "Mama wa Idol" (ママはアイドル, 1987), starring Nakayama herself. "You're My Only Shinin' Star" was one of the fifteen recipients of the Gold Prize at the 30th Japan Record Awards and was nominated for the Japan Record Award.
Background.
"You're My Only Shinin' Star" was written and produced by Toshiki Kadomatsu. The song is composed in the key of C sharp minor and set to a tempo of 70 beats per minute. Nakayama's vocals span from A3 to B4. The song was first included as the last track of Nakayama's album "Summer Breeze" (1986). Due to strong fan demand and Nakayama's fondness for the song, it was re-recorded two years later and released as a single in February 1988. In an interview with JASRAC, Kadomatsu revealed he wrote the song on an off day while in New York for recording sessions. It took him 15 minutes to come up with the melody for the song, and within an hour he had completed the lyrics. "You're My Only Shinin' Star" is one of four songs Kadomatsu contributed to "Summer Breeze" and according to him it is the most 'straightforward' record he wrote for Nakayama's album.
Nakayama self-covered the song on her 2019 album "Neuf Neuf".
Chart performance.
"You're My Only Shinin' Star" became Nakayama's second No. 1 on Oricon's weekly singles chart. It dropped to number 5 the following week, then down to number 9. It fell off the top ten for a week on its fourth charting week, and climbed back up to number 7 the following week. The song spent two weeks at number 11, and slid back into the top ten the following week at number 10. The single charted in the top 50 for 18 weeks and sold a reported total of 293,000 copies. "You're My Only Shinin' Star" was the sixth best-selling single for March 1988 and ranked at number 15 on the year-end Oricon Singles Chart.
Toshiki Kadomatsu version.
In 1999, Kadomatsu recorded a self-cover of "You're My Only Shinin' Star" for his first self-covers album "The Gentle Sex" (2000). It was released as the album's lead single by BMG Funhouse on November 25, 1988. Kadomatsu had once covered the song in English for the album "Tears Ballads" (1991), but had not sung the original Japanese version until deciding to release "The Gentle Sex", for which he recorded songs he had previously written for female artists. In 2007, Kadomatsu covered the song again for the compilation "Players Presents Toshiki Kadomatsu Ballad Collection", where the included version was produced by Shingo Kobayashi. The woman depicted on the cover artwork for the single is actually Kadomatsu himself in drag.
Kadomatsu's version of "You're My Only Shinin' Star" debuted at number 27 on the Oricon Singles Chart, with 19,140 copies sold on the first week. It charted in the top 100 for five weeks and sold a reported total of 40,000 copies.
Track listing.
All tracks are written and arranged by Toshiki Kadomatsu, except where indicated.
Other cover versions.
In 1998, Mami Kingetsu covered the song for the album "Tokimeki Memorial: Nijiiro no Seishun Forever Vol. 3" In 2004, American singer Jessica Sheely recorded an English-language cover of the song for the album "Kadomatsu T's Song from L.A: The Ballad Covers Collection". In 2007, Chiaki Takahashi recorded a cover of the song for the album "The Idolm@ster: Your Song". In 2008, Azu covered the song for her debut album "As One". The same year, Thelma Aoyama covered the song and included it as a B-side to her single "Daikkirai Demo Arigato". In 2012, Che'Nelle recorded an English cover of the song for her third studio album, "Believe". In 2013, Guitar☆Man GPK recorded a cover of the song, featuring Izumi Kato on vocals, for the album "King of Pops". In 2014, Tomomi Kahara covered the song for her covers album "Memories: Kahara Covers". In 2016, Takeshi Tsuruno covered the song for his covers album "Tsuruno Uta 3.5".

</doc>
<doc id="56904721" url="?curid=56904721" title="Claudia Kozlovich">
Claudia Kozlovich


</doc>
<doc id="56904727" url="?curid=56904727" title="Claudia Isaille">
Claudia Isaille


</doc>
<doc id="56904728" url="?curid=56904728" title="Mir (Calixto Garcia)">
Mir (Calixto Garcia)


</doc>
<doc id="56904729" url="?curid=56904729" title="Mir (Cuba)">
Mir (Cuba)


</doc>
<doc id="56904732" url="?curid=56904732" title="Mir, Cuba">
Mir, Cuba


</doc>
<doc id="56904733" url="?curid=56904733" title="Disappearance of Michael Negrete">
Disappearance of Michael Negrete

Michael William Negrete (born March 25, 1981) was an eighteen-year-old American man and student at the University of California, Los Angeles, who vanished without a trace in Los Angeles in December 1999. Police consider his disappearance to be suspicious and have categorized his disappearance as a homicide case.
Disappearance.
Michael Negrete was a popular freshman at UCLA on a music scholarship, living at Dykstra Hall. On 10 December, he had attended a party with friends on the floor he lived on, and had subsequently returned to his room. He then played an online video game with a friend in another room. At 4 AM, the game finished, and he left his room to congratulate the other player. He was last seen by the friend returning to his own room, and was never seen again. When Negrete's roommate woke up at 9 AM, Negrete was gone, but his clothing, shoes, wallet, keys and musical instruments were still there. 
Although there were allegedly witnesses who might have seen someone matching Negrete's description leaving the building at 4:35 AM, this was never substantiated.
Investigation.
Police could not find any indication that Negrete had serious enemies, a secret life, depression, drugs or alcohol issues. They questioned Negrete's friends and other people living on his floor, but no one said they had seen Negrete since 4 AM. Although originally just a missing person case, it was soon upgraded to a homicide investigation. The only lead was one several students gave, of a Caucasian man who had been spotted on the floor on the night of Negrete's disappearance, whom no one could account for. Police released a sketch of the man and appealed for him to come forward, stressing that he was not under investigation and that they were unsure if his presence had anything to do with the case. However, no one ever came forward. 
Negrete did not have a car at UCLA, and LAPD bloodhounds appeared to trace his scent to a bus stop across campus. However, investigators subsequently said that the dogs were confused and the scent should not be trusted. Police searched the garbage chute and all the construction sites on campus, but found no trace of Negrete. More than 500 leads were submitted to the police, but nothing came of any of them.
There has been no activity recorded on Negrete's credit cards since his disappearance. Several psychics stated that Negrete was alive, and provided his parents with his alleged locations, but in every case this turned out to be incorrect. Negrete's parents hired two private detectives to look into the matter in greater detail, and offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to Negrete's whereabouts, which was never claimed. Island Fever, the band Negrete played trumpet for, held several fundraisers for his search.
In 2013, Negrete's brother Steve, a member of the band Steam Powered Giraffe, stated that prior to his disappearance, Negrete had recently taken drugs including ecstasy and had attended raves. In his opinion, Negrete had, while under the influence of drugs, left the building and subsequently been abducted. 
In popular culture.
Negrete's case featured on the FOX Television programme "Million Dollar Mysteries."
The second episode of , episode "Chaos Theory" seems to be based on Negrete's case.

</doc>
<doc id="56904739" url="?curid=56904739" title="Signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease">
Signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease


</doc>
<doc id="56904743" url="?curid=56904743" title="J Hyperbolic Differ Equ">
J Hyperbolic Differ Equ


</doc>
<doc id="56904744" url="?curid=56904744" title="J. Hyperbolic Differ. Equ.">
J. Hyperbolic Differ. Equ.


</doc>
<doc id="56904748" url="?curid=56904748" title="London City SC B">
London City SC B


</doc>
<doc id="56904750" url="?curid=56904750" title="Cliff Moyo">
Cliff Moyo

Cliff Moyo (born 6 April 1993) is a Zimbabwean international footballer who plays for Kidderminster Harriers as a defender.
Early life.
Moyo was born in Bulawayo in Zimbabwe. His father Olbern was a musician and eventually settled in England with Moyo's mother. Moyo chose to remain in Zimbabwe with his grandparents where he attended Robert Tredgold Primary School. In 2002, at age nine, he moved to England to live with his parents in Stoke-on-Trent.
Club career.
After moving to England, Moyo began playing football at the age of thirteen for local youth club Duffield Dynamos and later played for Milton Express and Stone Dominoes in the Stoke area, also spending time on trial with Stoke City. He was chosen to represent the Staffordshire County team at the age of sixteen. He joined Barrow at the age of eighteen, signing a one-year deal, and began studying a sports science degree at Staffordshire University alongside playing football. His university commitments would eventually lead to his departure from Barrow in 2013 as he decided to take a three year break from the game after struggling to make the three hour journey from his home for training and matches due to his studies. 
Following his release from Barrow, he spent short spells with local sides Witton Albion, Trafford and Nantwich Town during his break. Following his graduation from university, Moyo joined Alfreton Town after featuring for the side in pre-season matches. He spent one season at the club before joining FC Halifax Town in 2016. His departure from Alfreton drew criticism from manager Nicky Law who claimed that Moyo had verbally agreed to sign a new deal with the club and that the player did not inform him of the move.
In his first season with Halifax, he helped the club win promotion to the National League.
Moyo later moved on to play for Guiseley.
On 4 June 2019, Cliff Moyo signed for former Football League club Kidderminster Harriers
International career.
After playing for Staffordshire, he was called up to the England under-18 team.
Moyo was called up by the Zimbabwe national team for the first time in March 2018. He made his debut in the semi-final of the 2018 Four Nations Tournament, during a penalty shootout defeat against hosts Zambia on 21 March 2018.
In May 2018 he was called up to the Matabeleland football team for the 2018 ConIFA World Football Cup. However he did not travel with the final squad.

</doc>
<doc id="56904760" url="?curid=56904760" title="Listed buildings in Bromfield, Shropshire">
Listed buildings in Bromfield, Shropshire

Bromfield is a civil parish in Shropshire, England. It contains 44 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, two are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Bromfield and the surrounding countryside. Two buildings have retained material from the 12th century, the gatehouse of Bromfield Priory, and St Mary the Virgin's Church. In the parish is a country house, Oakly Park; this and associated structures are listed. Most of the other listed buildings are houses, cottages, farmhouses and farm buildings. Others include a public house, a former corn mill, a former sawmill, a bridge, a weir, and a war memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="56904765" url="?curid=56904765" title="P3DMN">
P3DMN


</doc>
<doc id="56904767" url="?curid=56904767" title="P5DSN">
P5DSN


</doc>
<doc id="56904776" url="?curid=56904776" title="Islamic Azad University of Najafabad">
Islamic Azad University of Najafabad


</doc>
<doc id="56904779" url="?curid=56904779" title="Thermal treatments">
Thermal treatments


</doc>
<doc id="56904782" url="?curid=56904782" title="Giangiacomo Magnani">
Giangiacomo Magnani

Giangiacomo Magnani (born 4 October 1995) is an Italian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Hellas Verona.
Career.
Sassuolo acquired Magnani from Juventus at 27 July 2018, where he stayed one month. 
On 31 January 2020, his loan to Brescia was terminated by mutual consent.
On 2 September 2020, Magnani joined Hellas Verona on loan until 30 June 2021, with a conditional obligation to buy.

</doc>
<doc id="56904788" url="?curid=56904788" title="Vacuum flush">
Vacuum flush


</doc>
<doc id="56904805" url="?curid=56904805" title="Ministry of Love (film)">
Ministry of Love (film)

Ministry of Love () is a 2016 Croatian comedy film directed by Pavo Marinković.

</doc>
<doc id="56904814" url="?curid=56904814" title="Escambia County Jail">
Escambia County Jail


</doc>
<doc id="56904816" url="?curid=56904816" title="Islamic Azad University Central Tehran Branch">
Islamic Azad University Central Tehran Branch


</doc>
<doc id="56904820" url="?curid=56904820" title="Islamic Azad University South Tehran Branch">
Islamic Azad University South Tehran Branch


</doc>
<doc id="56904824" url="?curid=56904824" title="Islamic Azad University North Tehran Branch">
Islamic Azad University North Tehran Branch


</doc>
<doc id="56904831" url="?curid=56904831" title="Islamic Azad University Medical Branch of Tehran">
Islamic Azad University Medical Branch of Tehran


</doc>
<doc id="56904833" url="?curid=56904833" title="Islamic Azad University of Karaj">
Islamic Azad University of Karaj


</doc>
<doc id="56904836" url="?curid=56904836" title="Islamic Azad University of Tabriz">
Islamic Azad University of Tabriz


</doc>
<doc id="56904838" url="?curid=56904838" title="Christian Kouan">
Christian Kouan

Christian Kouan Oulaï (born 1 January 1999), known as Christian Kouan, is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Perugia.
Club career.
He made his Serie B debut for Perugia on 20 January 2018, in a game against Virtus Entella. He also scored on his debut.
International career.
On 24 August 2020, he received his first call-up by the Ivory Coast senior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="56904841" url="?curid=56904841" title="Christian Kouan Oulaï">
Christian Kouan Oulaï


</doc>
<doc id="56904842" url="?curid=56904842" title="Christian Kouan Oulai">
Christian Kouan Oulai


</doc>
<doc id="56904847" url="?curid=56904847" title="Islamic Azad University of Mashhad">
Islamic Azad University of Mashhad


</doc>
<doc id="56904850" url="?curid=56904850" title="Windsor Stars B">
Windsor Stars B


</doc>
<doc id="56904851" url="?curid=56904851" title="Islamic Azad University of Isfahan">
Islamic Azad University of Isfahan


</doc>
<doc id="56904853" url="?curid=56904853" title="Islamic Azad University West Tehran Branch">
Islamic Azad University West Tehran Branch


</doc>
<doc id="56904858" url="?curid=56904858" title="Islamic Azad University Dental Branch of Tehran">
Islamic Azad University Dental Branch of Tehran


</doc>
<doc id="56904860" url="?curid=56904860" title="HD 205877">
HD 205877

HD 205877 is a visual binary star system in the constellation Indus. It also a double lined spectroscopic binary. The components are very similar and both are located on the giant branch in the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram in agreement with the F7III spectral type.
Stellar system.
The visual binary nature of HD 205877 was discovered by the Hipparcos spacecraft and given the double star discoverer designation HDS 3084. The preliminary orbital elements of the system were determined with speckle interferometric measurements made at the 4.1 m Southern Astrophysical Research Telescope in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="56904861" url="?curid=56904861" title="Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources (Zambia)">
Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources (Zambia)

The Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources is a ministry in Zambia. It is headed by the Minister of Lands and Natural Resources.
In 2016 the Ministry of Lands, Natural Resources and Environmental Protection was split into the Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources and the Ministry of Water Development, Sanitation and Environmental Protection.

</doc>
<doc id="56904862" url="?curid=56904862" title="Coddies">
Coddies

Coddies are a snack food of disputed origin which are largely popular in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States, particularly in Baltimore, Maryland. The typical recipe for coddies includes mashed potatoes, eggs, salt, pepper, onions, crushed up saltine crackers, all formed into a patty with breading and deep fried. They also may include a small amount of salted cod fish. Coddies are usually eaten sandwiched between saltines with yellow mustard. The food is somewhat of a local delicacy in Baltimore, and is commonly served in the city's delicatessens and seafood markets, including the historic Lexington Market.
Where coddies come from originally is unknown. One recipe dates back to the Czech region of Bohemia in the 1800s. Another theory traces them back to African-American slaves in the region during the same time period. However, they did not become available commercially until a Jewish merchant in Baltimore named Louis Cohen began selling them from a Bel Air market ice cream stand in 1910. The Cohen family then continued selling coddies from their own food stands until the 1970s.
Despite limited availability these days, coddies were more widely sold in the Baltimore area throughout the 20th century. Locals recount that they used to be sold everywhere from drugstores to bowling alleys, and they were usually very cheap (sold for as little as a nickel during the 1960s). In fact, due to their cheap prices, coddies have been coined with the nickname "the poor man's crab cake", in reference to another Baltimore staple.
Although they are more of a vintage snack, recipes for coddies can still be found on the Internet, and have even been featured in the Baltimore Sun. They are regarded by many Maryland locals as an important part of Baltimore's culture.

</doc>
<doc id="56904867" url="?curid=56904867" title="Hongshan Station">
Hongshan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904870" url="?curid=56904870" title="Shangtang Station">
Shangtang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904873" url="?curid=56904873" title="Longsheng Station">
Longsheng Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904876" url="?curid=56904876" title="Longhua Station (Shenzhen)">
Longhua Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904879" url="?curid=56904879" title="Islamic Azad University UAE Branch">
Islamic Azad University UAE Branch


</doc>
<doc id="56904881" url="?curid=56904881" title="Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources">
Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources

Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56904883" url="?curid=56904883" title="Sohrab Uddin">
Sohrab Uddin

Sohrab Uddin is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament from Kushtia-3.
Career.
Uddin was elected to Parliament in 2001 from Kushtia-3 as a candidate of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He is the Organising Secretary of Kushtia District unit of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He is the President of Jatiyatabadi Muktijoddha Dal. Uddin was sued for corruption on 23 September 2007 in Kushtia. His home was attacked on March 2009 by unknown individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="56904888" url="?curid=56904888" title="Truck climbing lane">
Truck climbing lane


</doc>
<doc id="56904889" url="?curid=56904889" title="Ministry of Love (disambiguation)">
Ministry of Love (disambiguation)

The Ministry of Love is one of the ministries in George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56904896" url="?curid=56904896" title="Guðrum II">
Guðrum II


</doc>
<doc id="56904899" url="?curid=56904899" title="Qinghu Station">
Qinghu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904901" url="?curid=56904901" title="Shooting of Mansour Ball-Bey">
Shooting of Mansour Ball-Bey


</doc>
<doc id="56904903" url="?curid=56904903" title="Digital direct democracy">
Digital direct democracy


</doc>
<doc id="56904906" url="?curid=56904906" title="Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek ice field">
Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek ice field


</doc>
<doc id="56904907" url="?curid=56904907" title="2005 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles">
2005 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles

The 2005 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Doubles was the 47th edition of the women's doubles championship.
Zhang Yining and Wang Nan defeated Niu Jianfeng and Guo Yue in the final by four sets to one.
See also.
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists

</doc>
<doc id="56904910" url="?curid=56904910" title="Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek Ice Field">
Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek Ice Field


</doc>
<doc id="56904916" url="?curid=56904916" title="Linhai Station">
Linhai Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904918" url="?curid=56904918" title="Live PD (season 1)">
Live PD (season 1)

The first season of the television series "Live PD" began airing October 28, 2016, on A&amp;E in the United States. The season concluded on August 19, 2017 and contained 62 episodes including one cancelled episode.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56904919" url="?curid=56904919" title="Live PD (season 2)">
Live PD (season 2)

The second season of the television series "Live PD" began airing October 6, 2017, on A&amp;E in the United States. The season concluded on August 25, 2018 and contained 81 episodes.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56904920" url="?curid=56904920" title="Baohua Station">
Baohua Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904922" url="?curid=56904922" title="Fanshen Station">
Fanshen Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904926" url="?curid=56904926" title="Lingzhi Station">
Lingzhi Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904930" url="?curid=56904930" title="Porta Torre">
Porta Torre

Porta Torre (also known as "Torre di Porta Vittoria") is a main fortified tower located in the town of Como, in Lombardy (northern Italy). It is 40 meters high and it was built in 1192, to defend the main entrance of the city.
History.
At the end of the war between Como and Milan in 1127 the Milanese, that won the conflict, tore down the ancient walls of the town, built during the Roman age. After the defeat Como decided to ally with the German Emperor Frederick I (called "Barbarossa") to fight the Milanese supremacy in Lombardy. In 1154 the Emperor moved to Italy for the first time, and gave his consent to rebuild the defensive walls of Como (still visible around the town). Some years later, in 1192, the rulers of the town decided to strengthen the fortifications towards south, adding to the newly built walls three big defensive towers. The most impressive one, that assumed the role of main entrance of the town, was placed in the centre of the walls, right in front of the way to Milan, as a symbol of the independence of the town.
In the 14th century the great tower was reinforced with a small ravelin housing some overhead artillery guns and flanked by two other smaller towers of pentagonal shape, which repeated the same pattern with arches open inwards. In the sixteenth century the tower was further reinforced with a semicircular bastion, but all these buildings are no longer visible nowadays.
Description.
Porta Torre (that literally means "Tower Gate") is one of the better preserved romanesque style military buildings in Italy. The large square-shaped fortification has two entrance arches on the external façade, while just one, wider than the external ones, on the inside. The tower has a massive appearance on the outside, while on the side facing the city is lightened by four orders of coupled arches that corresponded to the four internal floors, which were made of wood and destroyed during the years. This probably had a strategic motivation: if the enemies had managed to occupy the tower they would have been exposed to an attack from the friendly troops from the internal side of the fortification, not fully repaired like the external one. The eight arches on the upper floors are off-axis with respect to the one, much larger one, located on the ground floor.
At a short distance from the tower are the ruins of the ancient Roman walls of the town and a gate, probably dating back to the imperial era. These remains are called "Porta Pretoria" (literally meaning "main gate" in latin) although, traditionally, the door with this name should be on the east side of the walls.

</doc>
<doc id="56904931" url="?curid=56904931" title="Honglang North Station">
Honglang North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904940" url="?curid=56904940" title="Guðrum (disambiguation)">
Guðrum (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56904941" url="?curid=56904941" title="Xingdong Station">
Xingdong Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904943" url="?curid=56904943" title="Liuxiandong Station">
Liuxiandong Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904946" url="?curid=56904946" title="Xili Station">
Xili Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904949" url="?curid=56904949" title="University Town Station (Shenzhen)">
University Town Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904952" url="?curid=56904952" title="Tanglang Station">
Tanglang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904956" url="?curid=56904956" title="Changlingpi Station">
Changlingpi Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904960" url="?curid=56904960" title="Minzhi Station">
Minzhi Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904962" url="?curid=56904962" title="R band">
R band


</doc>
<doc id="56904963" url="?curid=56904963" title="Wuhe Station">
Wuhe Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904965" url="?curid=56904965" title="Bantian Station">
Bantian Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904969" url="?curid=56904969" title="Yangmei Station (Shenzhen)">
Yangmei Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904971" url="?curid=56904971" title="Shangshuijing Station">
Shangshuijing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904973" url="?curid=56904973" title="Xiashuijing Station">
Xiashuijing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56904974" url="?curid=56904974" title="2018 Svenska Cupen Final">
2018 Svenska Cupen Final

The 2018 Svenska Cupen final was played on 10 May 2018 between Djurgårdens IF and Malmö FF at Tele2 Arena, Stockholm, the home ground of Djurgårdens IF, determined in a draw on 21 March 2018 after the semi-finals. The final was the culmination of the 2017–18 Svenska Cupen, the 62nd season of Svenska Cupen and the sixth season with the current format.
Djurgården won their fifth Svenska Cupen title after defeating Malmö 3–0, earning themselves a place in the second qualifying round of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League.
Venue.
Since the 2014–15 season, the venue for the Svenska Cupen final is decided in a draw between the two finalists. The draw for the final was held on 21 March 2018 at the annual pre-season kick-off meeting in Stockholm and decided that the final would be played at Tele2 Arena in Stockholm, the home venue of Djurgårdens IF. This was the first cup final to be hosted at the venue and the second consecutive final to be played on artificial turf.
Background.
The Allsvenskan clubs Djurgårdens IF and Malmö FF contested the final, with the winner earning a place in the second qualifying round of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League. Since Malmö were qualified for the first qualifying round of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League and Djurgården were qualified for the first qualifying round of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League through their positions in the 2017 Allsvenskan, Sweden's fourth European place was given to BK Häcken as the 4th team of the 2017 Allsvenskan. Djurgården was given a place in the second qualifying round of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League since they won the final.
Djurgården played their first final since 2013 and their ninth in total. Malmö played their first final since 2016 and their 19th in total. Both clubs lost in their previous final appearances. Having met in 1951, 1975, and 1989, this was the fourth final to contest the two clubs. Malmö had won all of the prior meetings in the final of the competition. The 1989 final was notably the last time Malmö won the competition, Djurgården had last won a cup title in 2005. The clubs faced each other twice in Allsvenskan prior to the cup final, at Tele2 Arena on 18 April where Djurgården won 3–0, and at Stadion on 3 May where Malmö won 1–0.
Route to the final.
"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."
Match.
Details.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56904977" url="?curid=56904977" title="Changlong Station (Shenzhen)">
Changlong Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56904989" url="?curid=56904989" title="Changlong station (Shenzhen)">
Changlong station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905004" url="?curid=56905004" title="Guomao station (Shenzhen)">
Guomao station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905006" url="?curid=56905006" title="Baigelong Station">
Baigelong Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905009" url="?curid=56905009" title="Buxin Station">
Buxin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905014" url="?curid=56905014" title="Tai'an Station (Shenzhen)">
Tai'an Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905017" url="?curid=56905017" title="Yijing Station">
Yijing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905029" url="?curid=56905029" title="Artificial intelligence and law">
Artificial intelligence and law


</doc>
<doc id="56905036" url="?curid=56905036" title="Convention and Exhibition Center station (Shenzhen)">
Convention and Exhibition Center station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905042" url="?curid=56905042" title="Taoyuan station (Shenzhen)">
Taoyuan station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905044" url="?curid=56905044" title="Autoba versicolor">
Autoba versicolor

Autoba versicolor, the flower webber, sometimes included in the genus "Eublemma", is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1863, from material collected by Alfred Russel Wallace in Sarawak on the island of Borneo. It is the type species of its genus.
Description.
The caterpillar has a light brown head and greenish yellow body, while adults have purplish-pink to light orange wings.
Ecology.
In the larval stage, this species is a pest of flowering crops, webbing together and eating flowers and young leaves, and creating bore holes in flower stalks.

</doc>
<doc id="56905048" url="?curid=56905048" title="Civic Center station (Shenzhen)">
Civic Center station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905053" url="?curid=56905053" title="Tangkeng station (Shenzhen)">
Tangkeng station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905057" url="?curid=56905057" title="Yangmei station (Shenzhen)">
Yangmei station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905059" url="?curid=56905059" title="University Town station (Shenzhen)">
University Town station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905061" url="?curid=56905061" title="Longhua station (Shenzhen)">
Longhua station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905064" url="?curid=56905064" title="John Calcraft (1831–1868)">
John Calcraft (1831–1868)

John Hales Montagu Calcraft (4 May 1831 – 1 December 1868) was a British Liberal Party politician.
Calcraft was the son of former Wareham MP John Hales Calcraft and Lady Caroline Katherine Montagu, daughter of William Montagu, 5th Duke of Manchester. His brother Henry George Calcraft was permanent secretary to the Board of Trade.
Calcraft followed in the footsteps of his father and his grandfather, John Calcraft, when he was elected MP for Wareham at the 1865 general election, and was re-elected at the 1868 election, yet shortly after died.

</doc>
<doc id="56905066" url="?curid=56905066" title="Shuanglong station (Shenzhen)">
Shuanglong station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905075" url="?curid=56905075" title="Tangkeng Station">
Tangkeng Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905089" url="?curid=56905089" title="Xili Lake Station">
Xili Lake Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905091" url="?curid=56905091" title="Chaguang Station">
Chaguang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905092" url="?curid=56905092" title="Zhuguang Station">
Zhuguang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905093" url="?curid=56905093" title="Longjing Station (Shenzhen)">
Longjing Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905102" url="?curid=56905102" title="Taoyuancun Station">
Taoyuancun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905103" url="?curid=56905103" title="Shenyun Station">
Shenyun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905105" url="?curid=56905105" title="Nonglin Station">
Nonglin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905107" url="?curid=56905107" title="Shangsha Station">
Shangsha Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905110" url="?curid=56905110" title="Shawei Station">
Shawei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905112" url="?curid=56905112" title="Huanggangcun Station">
Huanggangcun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905115" url="?curid=56905115" title="Huanggang Checkpoint Station">
Huanggang Checkpoint Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905120" url="?curid=56905120" title="Numis">
Numis

Numis is an independent institutional stockbroker and corporate advisor with its main headquarters in the City of London. By the autumn of 2017, the firm had 195 stock market clients, and a February 2018 report by Adviser Rankings Ltd found that it was broker to eleven of the largest fifty firms in London's Alternative Investment Market. It currently employs around 235 staff in London and New York City.
The firm was originally formed in 1989 as a merger between Hemsley &amp; Co Securities and Raphael Zorn and was known by the name of RZH Ltd before rebranding as Numis in 2000.
In 2016, Oliver Hemsley stood down as Numis CEO after 25 years. Alex Ham and Ross Mitchinson succeeded Hemsley as co-CEOs, with Ham running the firm's advisory and corporate broking arm and Mitchinson its equities business.

</doc>
<doc id="56905122" url="?curid=56905122" title="Luka Petrušić">
Luka Petrušić

Luka Petrušić (born 15 September 1982) is a Croatian actor. He appeared in more than thirty films since 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="56905128" url="?curid=56905128" title="Wenjin Station">
Wenjin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905130" url="?curid=56905130" title="Xiangxicun Station">
Xiangxicun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905133" url="?curid=56905133" title="Renmin South Station">
Renmin South Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905136" url="?curid=56905136" title="Strike Social">
Strike Social

Strike Social is a privately held company headquartered in Chicago that uses artificial intelligence for online advertising and paid social campaigns through a Software as a service (Saas) model.
History.
Strike Social was founded in 2013 in Los Angeles by Patrick McKenna, Mark Shore, and Tim Helfrey.
Strike Social moved its headquarters to Chicago in 2015 and is the largest third-party advertising and intelligence firm in the world. According to Inc. (magazine) in 2017, Strike Social was listed as the 17th fastest growing private company in the United States and fastest growing company in all of Chicago. In 2018 Inc., listed Strike Social again on the list as No. 165 fastest-growing company in the United States.
Employees and locations.
Strike Social employs 120 people in offices worldwide, including the United States, Poland, and Philippines.
Awards.
2017 Inc. 500: No. 17 Fastest-Growing Private Company in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="56905137" url="?curid=56905137" title="Ruth Currie-McDaniel">
Ruth Currie-McDaniel

Ruth Currie-McDaniel, formerly Ruth Douglas Currie, is a professor and historian of Reconstruction Era history in the United States. She attended Warren Wilson College in Swannanoa, North Carolina. She is professor emerita at Appalachian State University's history department and was a historian for the U.S. Army Strategic Defense Command for four years. She retired as professor of history and political science at Warren Wilson College in Asheville, North Carolina. She has written books about John Emory Bryant, his wife Emma Spaulding Bryant, and American policy in the Pacific theater including Kwajalein Atoll and the Marshall Islands.
She married Kenneth B. Orr (now deceased) who served as president of Presbyterian College.
Work.
Currie-McDaniel's 1987 book about John Emory Bryant, "Carpetbagger of Conscience" describes a "typical" carpetbagger. "The Journal of American History" writes that the "treatment of her subject is much more shaded and ambivalent than the title suggests." The "Georgia Historical Quarterly" writes that her treatment of Bryant stands "somewhere near the boundary between the rehabilitationist and what we might label the "post-rehabilitationist" schools of Reconstruction historiography." The "North Carolina Historical Review" wrote, "This book should be considered the standard biography of John Emory Bryant."
Currie-McDaniel's book, "Emma Spaulding Bryant: Civil War Bride, Carpetbagger's Wife, Ardent Feminist - Letters and Diaries 1860-1900" (2004) describes the life of Emma Spaulding Bryant apart from her husband, John Emory Bryant. The "Journal of Southern History" wrote "this volume serves as a unique resource for students of women, race, Reconstruction, and gender relations."

</doc>
<doc id="56905146" url="?curid=56905146" title="Ludancun Station">
Ludancun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905147" url="?curid=56905147" title="Hongling South Station">
Hongling South Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905149" url="?curid=56905149" title="Yuanling Station">
Yuanling Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905150" url="?curid=56905150" title="Nigang Station">
Nigang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905152" url="?curid=56905152" title="Aaron D. Rubin">
Aaron D. Rubin

Aaron David Rubin (born June 30, 1976) is an American linguistics researcher. He is currently the Malvin and Lea Bank Professor of Classics &amp; Ancient Mediterranean Studies, Jewish Studies, and Linguistics at Penn State University, where he has taught since 2004. His main area of study is the Semitic language family, focusing on Hebrew, Arabic, Aramaic, and the modern languages of Southern Arabia, especially Mehri and Jibbali. He has also worked extensively on non-Semitic Jewish languages, as well as on Hebrew and Jewish manuscripts. At Penn State, he has taught numerous language courses (on Hebrew, Arabic, Aramaic, and Yiddish), as well lecture courses on the Bible, Jewish and Ancient Near Eastern literature, and the history of writing systems. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2016.
Education.
Rubin received his B.A. and M.A. degrees in linguistics from the University of Pennsylvania (1998, 1999), and Ph.D. degree in Near Eastern languages and civilizations from Harvard University (2004). His M.A. thesis was titled "An Introduction to the Comparative Grammar of Egyptian and Semitic", and his PhD dissertation was titled "Studies in Semitic Grammaticalization".
Career.
Work on Modern South Arabian.
Some of Rubin's most significant contributions to the field of Semitics have been focused on the Modern South Arabian languages of Oman. His books, "The Mehri Language of Oman" (2010) and "The Jibbali (Shaḥri) Language of Oman: Grammar and Texts" (2014), were both the first grammars of those languages. The latter volume also included many texts, which were the first Jibbali texts published in over a century. His 2010 grammar of Mehri has been superseded by his "Omani Mehri: A New Grammar with Texts" (2018), which also includes over 100 texts. In addition to his grammars, he has published numerous articles on the Modern South Arabian languages.
Work on Jewish languages.
In 2016, Rubin co-edited (with Lily Kahn) the "Handbook of Jewish Languages." It includes descriptions of around 25 different Jewish languages, some of which (such as Israeli Amharic, Jewish Russian, and Jewish Malayalam) had been the subject of little to no previously published scholarship. Rubin's contribution on Judeo-Italian is the most comprehensive reference available on that language. Rubin and Kahn also wrote "Jewish Languages from A to Z" (2020), including chapters on more than 40 different languages, and aimed at a more general audience. Rubin has also published the first work on Judeo-Urdu, namely, an edition and study of a 19th-century Hebrew–Urdu glossary, all written in Hebrew characters.

</doc>
<doc id="56905153" url="?curid=56905153" title="Yinhu Station">
Yinhu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905155" url="?curid=56905155" title="Maling Station">
Maling Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905157" url="?curid=56905157" title="Meicun Station">
Meicun Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905158" url="?curid=56905158" title="Xiameilin Station">
Xiameilin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905159" url="?curid=56905159" title="Meijing Station">
Meijing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905160" url="?curid=56905160" title="Xiangmei Station">
Xiangmei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905161" url="?curid=56905161" title="Xiasha Station">
Xiasha Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905162" url="?curid=56905162" title="Ministry of Lands (Zambia)">
Ministry of Lands (Zambia)


</doc>
<doc id="56905163" url="?curid=56905163" title="Shenzhen Bay Park Station">
Shenzhen Bay Park Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905164" url="?curid=56905164" title="Ruth Douglas Currie">
Ruth Douglas Currie


</doc>
<doc id="56905165" url="?curid=56905165" title="Shenwan Station">
Shenwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905168" url="?curid=56905168" title="Ministry of Lands, Natural Resources and Environmental Protection">
Ministry of Lands, Natural Resources and Environmental Protection


</doc>
<doc id="56905169" url="?curid=56905169" title="Hongshuwan South Station">
Hongshuwan South Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905171" url="?curid=56905171" title="Hongling North Station">
Hongling North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905174" url="?curid=56905174" title="1980 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1980 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1980 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1980 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1980 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 15th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of two wins and eight losses (2–8, 1–4 FWC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 147–261 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1981 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56905182" url="?curid=56905182" title="Fulin Station">
Fulin Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905183" url="?curid=56905183" title="Chiwei Station">
Chiwei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905184" url="?curid=56905184" title="Huaqiang South Station">
Huaqiang South Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905185" url="?curid=56905185" title="Huangmugang Station">
Huangmugang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905187" url="?curid=56905187" title="Bagualing Station">
Bagualing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905189" url="?curid=56905189" title="Sungang Station">
Sungang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905190" url="?curid=56905190" title="Honghu Station">
Honghu Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905196" url="?curid=56905196" title="Thierry Deuve">
Thierry Deuve

Thierry Deuve (born 29 August 1956) is a French entomologist.
The moth "Deuveia banghaasi" is named for Deuve.

</doc>
<doc id="56905197" url="?curid=56905197" title="Bitou Station">
Bitou Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905199" url="?curid=56905199" title="Petrolina AEK Larnaca">
Petrolina AEK Larnaca


</doc>
<doc id="56905201" url="?curid=56905201" title="Songgang Station">
Songgang Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905202" url="?curid=56905202" title="C. A. Campbell">
C. A. Campbell

Charles Arthur Campbell (13 January 1897 – 17 March 1974) was a Scottish metaphysical philosopher.
Biography.
C.A. Campbell was born in Glasgow on 3 January 1897. He attended secondary school at the Glasgow Academy and continued to the University of Glasgow where he earned a Bachelor's degree in philosophy. He then entered the Balliol College in Oxford, where would eventually achieve a Doctor of Letters. The First World War began during his time at Oxford, and he set aside his studies to serve as an officer in the British Army, with the 10th Borders Regiment.
Campbell was invalided out of the army (medically discharged) in 1917, and in 1924 he returned to the University of Glasgow as an assistant lecturer of moral philosophy, where he was given his Doctor of Letters following the 1931 publication of his first book, "Scepticism and Construction". Between 1932 and 1938, he served as a professor of philosophy at the University College of North Wales in Bangor. After this, he returned to the University of Glasgow as a professor of logic and rhetoric, a title he held until 1961.
Between 1953 and 1954 Campbell gave his first Gifford Lecture at the University of St. Andrews, followed by another, which ran from 1954 to 1955. These lectures were compiled and released as his second publication, a book called "On Selfhood and Godhood". In 1964, he was appointed Dean of Faculties at the University of Glasgow; a position he resigned from in 1966. In 1967 he released his third and final publication, entitled "In Defense of Freewill". 
Campbell died in Callender, Perthshire, on 17 March 1974.
Philosophical work.
Campbell was generally associated with the philosophical school of British Idealism, his philosophy having been strongly influenced by the writing of F.H. Bradley, one of British Idealism's pioneering figures. Unlike Bradley, Campbell supported the concept of free will, and this side of his work, most clearly outlined in his final book "In Defence of Free Will", remains well circulated. Despite the lasting popularity of these findings, Campbell himself seems to have considered his writing on the topic of human cognition and its relationship to a ‘suprarational’, non-physical reality to be of equal importance; work which set the stage for his subsequent discussion of the will. It is on these former topics which he presented a pair of Gifford Lectures later compiled as the book "On Selfhood and Godhood".
Campbell's view of the self.
Campbell was a metaphysical pluralist who believed the world to be made up of many independently real things. This was an important way in which his work diverged from the teachings of Bradley, whose philosophy is generally regarded as a version of monism. Monism is a predominantly fatalist doctrine which does not tend to treat individual motivation as anything more than an illusion, claiming that everything – including our sense of self and an environment we perceive to be external – exists as part of a single supreme being. Bradley and many other idealist philosophers call this supreme being the ‘absolute’. While Campbell believed in a form of the absolute he called the ‘suprarational,’ he did not agree that each part of this greater whole was directly conjoined to every other in a way which disallowed independent movement. This deviation allowed Campbell to embrace the concept of free will later in his career, a step Bradley refused to take based on his belief in the interconnectedness of all things. Campbell expresses the ideas which support this stance most clearly in the Gifford Lecture later published as "On Selfhood and Godhood", which begins in a study of human cognition.
In "On Selfhood and Godhood," Campbell gave a description of the self as an innate feature of human beings. He used two different terms to explain a feeling of individuality seemingly persistent to all humans: the ‘substantival self’ and the character. Campbell discussed the substantival self as something core to each person which determines their actions prior to the engagement of rational thought. This view echoes Aristotle's description of the soul as an indivisible kind of non-physical substance, as found in his "Categories". To Campbell, the substantival self is the part of us that remains stable in the face of change, allowing us to remain the same as other less fundamental features are altered. The part of us that can be altered is what Campbell refers to as our character, which can also be roughly thought of as our personality.
Through the substantival self's experience of the world, we develop manners of being which can be referred to in universal terms: one can be kind, for example, though this can change over time if they are treated in a way which encourages them to be more callous in their social interactions. These habits develop through experience and form the character, which grants us the ability to influence an environment defined by the common values that determine the state of natural things. Someone who can be kind has more mobility in the social world, for example, just as a rounder rock will roll faster down a hill than a more angular one of similar size.
Campbell's view of the self as a metaphysical entity.
Campbell's view that we develop the characters which grant us influence in the world through engagement with it resembles David Hume’s (a famously anti-metaphysical philosopher) claim that the self is nothing more than a ‘bundle of perceptions’, or ways of understanding and interacting with the world derived solely from sensory experience. Revealed in this similarity, however, is a key contradiction between the work of Campbell and Hume. Hume considered one's experience of having a character composed as a bundle of perceptions to be the only thing responsible for our feeling of individuality. Without some internal locus for experiences, the self becomes something of an illusion, or at the very least a collection of accidental qualities determined from outside the individual. While such a character would be unique to an individual as something determined circumstantially – having occurred in a specific time and place – Hume's view of the self eschews any discussion of the individual as unique "in their own right", before they are determined by quantifiable experience.
Campbell supported his belief in the substantival self by calling it absurd to suggest – as Hume did – that the character is formed solely by our experience of the world as provided by sensory perception, with no input from any kind of pre-rational self. This, he argued, is fundamentally counterintuitive, as perception is generally understood to be an act whereby a perceiver "perceives" something, and must begin with them directing their attention towards the object of their perception. To imply that our characters are entirely determined by our experiences implies that our minds are wholly passive in the process of cognition, and that the objects of our perception are somehow acting on us so as to appear as concepts in our minds. Campbell made the comparison between Hume's view that the mind is passive and Plato's theory of the forms, which claims that the world is made up of non-physical values called forms, which accumulate as perceivable objects seemingly of their own volition. This is the kind of agency sense datum would need to have were the mind passive, and the comparison to Plato is piercing because Plato's philosophy is considered one of the earliest metaphysical doctrines, stating that the forms exist as non-physical determinants of the perceivable world. Discussion of non-physical entities is the kind of thought Hume made a strong habit of rejecting.
Believing that it was patently illogical to assume that the sense datum responsible for our development of character could plant themselves in our consciousness from the outside, Campbell supported his view of the substantival self by claiming that it plays an active role necessary to our cognition. He thought that its role was to discern between things, and that without this internal capacity to make distinctions between the objects of our perception, we would be overwhelmed by raw sensory input. If one cannot recognise a difference between colours, they all look the same, for example. The same is true for shapes, scale, speed, and so on. Our consciousness and our ability to form conceptual understandings of the world seemingly relies on our ability to make judgements between things, and Campbell referred to this explanation as the ‘judgement theory of cognition’ (the concept of judgement as a trait indicative of an innate human feature had also been discussed by idealist philosophers prior to Campbell, including Bradley). The source of this ability would have to be itself uninfluenced by external circumstances and so could not have come from outside of us, making it a non-materially determined metaphysical entity.
Campbell's view of the self in relation to an absolute reality.
While Campbell did not ascribe to Bradley's belief in an absolute reality which determines the course of all physical and non-physical activity, he did maintain a belief in a form of the absolute he called the ‘suprarational’: an objective non-physical reality which is the ultimate subject of our cognition, and which contains the ordering principles (time, shape, etc.) we access in order to understand and manipulate our material environment. He believed that we have access to these principles because the indivisible substantival self exists as a will, or volition, of the being responsible for creating them.
Campbell refers to this being as God, though he believed that because the creator of the world would have to be a pure self, with no physical component, no collection of universal concepts designed to facilitate an understanding of the physical world (such as language) would be sufficient to describe it. This is because the creator of these principles would have to transcend all difference, existing outside a world defined by contradictory values which can be mentally conceptualised and are therefore accessible to rational thought.
Campbell's defence of free will.
Campbell's belief in a being determinate of everything accessible to our rational thought might cause his philosophy to appear monistic (see above), although unlike many followers of F.H. Bradley, he maintained a view that humans possess agency—a trait definable as the ability to determine one's own actions independently of their natural environment, and without direct influence from a supreme being. This is a view Campbell maintained despite believing that our ability to conceptualise and alter things in the physical world exists because the substantival self is a volition of a supreme being. This view that our innate faculties for self-expression come about because our selves are reflections of the absolute also features in Bradley's idealism, however, Bradley called free will a “lingering chimera”, because his belief in the total interconnectedness of all things would make impossible any deviation from the plan of a supreme being responsible for creating them. In making a decision, one would either be influenced by desires of the character, as formed through interaction with a physical world created by a supreme being, or would be more directly empowered by the supreme being to overcome these baser desires.
Campbell disagreed with Bradley's brand of metaphysical determinism, referring to two categories of causation: ‘agent’ and ‘event’ causation. Event causation is the only kind of causation accepted by Bradley, and refers to any situation where one's actions are defined by a pre-determined causal chain. If one person stumbles into another, for example, and that person pushes a third in an attempt to recover, that second person cannot reasonably be said to have chosen to push the third person. Bradley's philosophy is determinist because it suggests that everything we do occurs this way; that the course of all action is already determined according to the will of an absolute being. Even if a person believes that they are pushing someone intentionally, Bradley would suggest that the force of that intention was provided by the absolute. Campbell however, believed that one person could choose actions of their own accord, using a capacity for independent thought resulting in movement, or agent causation. Campbell believed that we have the freedom to make moral decisions, and that when we resist other reasons to act, and instead act according to a sense of duty, we are exercising this faculty for agent causation which Bradley only considered available to a supreme being.
This resistance of physically determined temptation comes as a result of what Campbell called an ‘effort of will,’ whereby we prioritise a moral impulse of the self over desires of the character, which are often far stronger and provide what he calls as a ‘path of least resistance’ for the resulting action. He believed that it was entirely up to us when we engaged in this effort, and that we can refer to our experience of having done so as introspective evidence that we were, at those times, legitimately torn between two options and made the choice to engage in an effort of will and carry out the morally righteous action when we could have very easily done otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="56905208" url="?curid=56905208" title="Shajing Station">
Shajing Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905210" url="?curid=56905210" title="Ma'an Hill Station">
Ma'an Hill Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905211" url="?curid=56905211" title="Tangwei Station">
Tangwei Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905215" url="?curid=56905215" title="Qiaotou Station (Shenzhen)">
Qiaotou Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905218" url="?curid=56905218" title="Fuyong Station">
Fuyong Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905221" url="?curid=56905221" title="Airport North Station">
Airport North Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905223" url="?curid=56905223" title="Airport Station (Shenzhen)">
Airport Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905235" url="?curid=56905235" title="Strong Choquet space">
Strong Choquet space


</doc>
<doc id="56905238" url="?curid=56905238" title="Bihaiwan Station">
Bihaiwan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905240" url="?curid=56905240" title="Line-in">
Line-in


</doc>
<doc id="56905241" url="?curid=56905241" title="Bao'an Station (Shenzhen)">
Bao'an Station (Shenzhen)


</doc>
<doc id="56905243" url="?curid=56905243" title="Nanshan Station">
Nanshan Station


</doc>
<doc id="56905247" url="?curid=56905247" title="Line-out (signal)">
Line-out (signal)


</doc>
<doc id="56905251" url="?curid=56905251" title="1998–99 Spartan South Midlands Football League">
1998–99 Spartan South Midlands Football League

The 1998–99 Spartan South Midlands Football League season was the 2nd in the history of Spartan South Midlands Football League.
Premier Division.
At the end of the previous season regional Premier Division North and Premier Division South merged with the first ten clubs from both divisions to form new Premier Division. The Premier Division featured 23 clubs.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Senior Division.
At the end of the previous season regional Premier Division North and Premier Division South merged with the first ten clubs from both divisions to form new Premier Division, while all other Premier divisions clubs relegated to the Senior Division. The Senior Division featured eleven clubs which competed in the division last season, along with eleven new clubs.
At the end of the season Milton Keynes were renamed Bletchley Town.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Division One.
Division One featured eleven clubs which competed in previous season Division One North, along with six new clubs.
League table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56905253" url="?curid=56905253" title="Swedish Constitution of 1719">
Swedish Constitution of 1719


</doc>
<doc id="56905259" url="?curid=56905259" title="Alexander Kogan">
Alexander Kogan

Alexander Kogan may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="56905266" url="?curid=56905266" title="Arnold KEQMS">
Arnold KEQMS


</doc>
<doc id="56905268" url="?curid=56905268" title="Abraham Darby Academy">
Abraham Darby Academy


</doc>
<doc id="56905273" url="?curid=56905273" title="Skull with a Burning Cigarette">
Skull with a Burning Cigarette


</doc>
<doc id="56905275" url="?curid=56905275" title="BabelPod">
BabelPod


</doc>
<doc id="56905276" url="?curid=56905276" title="1979 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1979 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1979 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1979 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1979 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 14th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of eight wins and two losses (8–2, 4–1 FWC). The Lumberjacks outscored their opponents 220–127 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1980 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56905277" url="?curid=56905277" title="Babelpod">
Babelpod


</doc>
<doc id="56905279" url="?curid=56905279" title="Daljeet Kaur Bhanot">
Daljeet Kaur Bhanot


</doc>
<doc id="56905281" url="?curid=56905281" title="Babel pod">
Babel pod


</doc>
<doc id="56905283" url="?curid=56905283" title="Making Do">
Making Do

Making Do is a 1963 novel written by Paul Goodman and published by Macmillan.

</doc>
<doc id="56905284" url="?curid=56905284" title="Babel Pod">
Babel Pod


</doc>
<doc id="56905286" url="?curid=56905286" title="Robinson Mwaake Nabulyato">
Robinson Mwaake Nabulyato


</doc>
<doc id="56905291" url="?curid=56905291" title="Home Pod">
Home Pod


</doc>
<doc id="56905293" url="?curid=56905293" title="Home pod">
Home pod


</doc>
<doc id="56905295" url="?curid=56905295" title="Robert Lymbery">
Robert Lymbery

Robert Davison Lymbery Q.C., (14 November 1920 – 13 October 2008) was a British judge who was Common Serjeant in the City of London.
Early life.
Lymbery was born into a Nottingham lace manufacturing family and educated at Gresham's School in Norfolk and Pembroke College, Cambridge, where he studied law. In 1940, during the Second World War, he was commissioned into the 17th/21st Lancers and posted as a tank commander with the Eighth Army to North Africa, Sicily, mainland Italy, and Greece.
Judicial career.
After the war Lymbery returned to Cambridge to complete his degree, before entering the Middle Temple to further his law studies, and was called to the Bar in 1949. He then joined the London chambers of Richard Elwes, QC, in King's Bench Walk, and built a primarily criminal practice on the Midland Circuit. He took Silk in 1967 (i.e. became a Q.C.).
In 1965 he got his first judicial appointment as Recorder of Grantham. He served as chairman of the Rutland Quarter Sessions from 1966 until 1971, and of the Bedford Quarter Sessions from 1969 to 1970, and was Commissioner of Assize in 1971. He became a circuit judge later that same year, based in Bedford, and transferred to the Old Bailey in 1982.
There he presided over some well-publicised trials, such as those of safe deposit robber Valerio Viccei and Winston Silcott, the killer of P.C. Keith Blakelock. He was appointed Common Serjeant in 1990, serving in that position until his retirement in 1993.
Lymbery had married, in 1952, Anne Tuckett, with whom he had three daughters. He died in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="56905314" url="?curid=56905314" title="Grapevine Leafroll">
Grapevine Leafroll


</doc>
<doc id="56905324" url="?curid=56905324" title="Helena Charles">
Helena Charles


</doc>
<doc id="56905327" url="?curid=56905327" title="Harry J. Enten">
Harry J. Enten


</doc>
<doc id="56905332" url="?curid=56905332" title="House of Bagrationi -Imereti">
House of Bagrationi -Imereti


</doc>
<doc id="56905354" url="?curid=56905354" title="34th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival">
34th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival

The 34th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival took place from 2 to 10 July 1999. The Crystal Globe was won by "Yana's Friends", an Israeli comedy-drama film directed by Arik Kaplun. The second prize, the Special Jury Prize was won by "Show Me Love", a Swedish comedy-drama film directed by Lukas Moodysson. French film director and scriptwriter Yves Boisset was the president of the jury.
Jury.
The following people formed the jury of the festival: 
Official selection awards.
The following feature films and people received the official selection awards:
Other statutory awards.
Other statutory awards that were conferred at the festival:
Non-statutory awards.
The following non-statutory awards were conferred at the festival:

</doc>
<doc id="56905356" url="?curid=56905356" title="Champion breweries">
Champion breweries

Champion Breweries PLC is a Nigerian brewing company located in Akwa Ibom state. The company is the producer of Champion lager beer and Champ Malta. 
Champion Breweries was established as a publicly funded commercial enterprise in 1974 and began manufacturing in 1976 with a capacity of 150,000 hecto litres of Champion beer and 10,000 hecto litres of Champ Malta. At formation, the firm patronized a plastic manufacturing company to produce crates for holdings the products instead of paper cartons, a precedent other beer producers later followed.
In 2014, Heineken International acquired a majority equity in the company.

</doc>
<doc id="56905361" url="?curid=56905361" title="Viper Club">
Viper Club

Viper Club is a 2018 American drama film directed by Maryam Keshavarz and starring Susan Sarandon. The film was produced by YouTube Premium in association with CounterNarrative and MaraKesh Films and held its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2018. The film was released theatrically in the United States on October 26, 2018.
Premise.
"Viper Club" follows "a veteran emergency room nurse secretly struggling to free her grown son, a journalist, from capture by a terrorist group. After running into roadblocks with government agencies, she discovers a clandestine community of journalists and advocates who might be able to help her."
Production.
On March 21, 2018, it was announced that YouTube Red had just finished production on a film, then-titled "Vulture Club", directed by Maryam Keshavarz. The film was written by Keshavarz alongside Jonathan Mastro and executive produced by Anna Gerb, Neal Dodson, and J.C. Chandor. Cast members were set to include Susan Sarandon, Edie Falco, Matt Bomer, Julian Morris, Lola Kirke, and Sheila Vand.
Release.
The film was distributed by Roadside Attractions and released on October 26, 2018. Following its theatrical run, the film was made available for streaming on YouTube Premium.
On September 10, 2018, the film held its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival as a featured selection in the "Special Presentations" series of films. That same day, the official trailer for the film was released.
Controversy.
Ahead of the film's release, Diane Foley, the mother of slain journalist James Foley, expressed criticism of the film. Although the production team contacted and spoke to Foley during the production process, she felt the plot of the film was inappropriate and misleading in its retelling of events from her and her late son's lives. In the process of being consulted for the film, Foley shared details about the process of locating and negotiating for the release of her son. Foley thinks that although director Maryam Keshavarz claims to have made a fictional work, she used and unfairly manipulated details of her personal life to produce a dramatic story.
Reception.
The film was met with a mixed to negative response from critics upon its premiere. On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 36% approval rating with an average rating of 5.13 out of 10 based on 33 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Viper Club" benefits from Susan Sarandon's committed lead performance, but a treacly script robs this geopolitical drama of any bite." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the series a score of 57 out of 100 based on 13 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews."

</doc>
<doc id="56905365" url="?curid=56905365" title="Italian defeat at Caporetto">
Italian defeat at Caporetto


</doc>
<doc id="56905367" url="?curid=56905367" title="Akebono class destroyer escort">
Akebono class destroyer escort


</doc>
<doc id="56905386" url="?curid=56905386" title="1967–68 Yorkshire Football League">
1967–68 Yorkshire Football League

The 1967–68 Yorkshire Football League was the 42nd season in the history of the Yorkshire Football League, a football competition in England.
Division One.
Division One featured 13 clubs which competed in the previous season, along with four new clubs, promoted from Division Two:
Division Two.
Division Two featured twelve clubs which competed in the previous season, along with five new clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="56905389" url="?curid=56905389" title="Resource Unit">
Resource Unit

Resource Unit (RU) is a unit in OFDMA terminology used in 802.11ax WLAN to denote a group of 78.125 kHz bandwidth subcarriers (tones) used in both DownLink (DL) and UpLink (UL) transmissions. With OFDMA, different transmit powers may be applied to different RUs. There are maximum of 9 RUs for 20 MHz bandwidth, 18 in case of 40 MHz and more in case of 80 or 160 MHz bandwidth. The RUs enables an Access Point station to allow WLAN stations to access it simultaneously and efficiently.
Description.
In the older WLAN standard (802.11ac) only single-user station is allowed to transmit (uplink transmission) at one point in time, although multi-user downlink (DL-MU-MIMO) from AP to Non-AP stations has been supported through MIMO beamforming. The more stations active in the network, the longer the stations need to wait before allowed to transmit, hence the overall wireless traffic gets slower.
802.11ax WLAN is the first WLAN standard to use OFDMA to enable transmissions with multiple users simultaneously (it is called "High Efficiency Multi Users [HE-MU] Access)". In OFDMA, a symbol is constructed of subcarriers where the total number defines a Physical Layer PDU bandwidth. Each user is assigned different subsets of subcarriers to achieve simultaneous data transmission in MU (Multi-Users) environment. The more subcarriers are used, the longer their symbol rate is, which means that the overall rate of information remains the same. For example, in 20 MHz OFDMA bandwidth there is a total of 256 subcarriers (tones) which are grouped in sub-channels (or "Resource Units)."
There are three subcarrier types used in OFDMA WLAN:
There are a few RUs currently defined: 26-tone RU, 52-tone RU, 106-tone RU, 242-tone RU ("primary channel"), 484-tone RU, 996-tone RU and 2x996-tone RU. For example, for basic 20 MHz bandwidth, nine 26-tone RUs can be used, but only four with 52-tone RUs. 
For example, when an AP supports 52-tone RUs for its 20-MHz bandwidth, four users can transmit and/or receive simultaneously to the AP (each uses 52-tones, but the total bandwidth for all users must be less than or equal the whole 20-MHz full allocated bandwidth). This scheme increases efficiency, compared to older method (802.11ac) where only a single user can transmit ("uplink transmission") at a time (it uses the whole allocated 20 MHz bandwidth), while the rest must wait their turn. When there is only one user in the network, if necessary it can still use the whole 20-MHz bandwidth by operating at 242-tone RU to reach higher data rate.
A 52-Tone RU consists of 48 data subcarriers and 4 pilot subcarriers. 106-tone RU consists of 102 data subcarriers and 4 pilot subcarriers, while A 242-tone RU consists of 234 data subcarriers and 8 pilot subcarriers. A 484-tone RU consists of 468 data subcarriers and 16 pilot subcarriers, A 996-tone RU consists of 980 data subcarriers and 16 pilot subcarriers and A 2x996-tone RU consists of two 996-tone RUs, each located at each half of the PPDU bandwidth for 160 MHz and 80+80 MHz HE PPDU formats.
For backward compatibility, when a 802.11ax-capable station communicates with non-802.11ax-capable station both stations can only use 242-Tone-RU (the entire primary channel). To achieve that, both management and control frames must still be transmitted over standard OFDM subcarriers of the entire primary channel as well by both stations.
Resource Units allocation is also used in MIMO transmission to enable multiple users to use MIMO at the same time.
Uplink Transmission.
A new mechanism for uplink transmission (UL) from multiple Non-AP stations simultaneously to AP station is introduced in 802.11ax which is called "Triggered Uplink Access (TUA)". This new mechanism relies on a new type of 802.11 MAC frame called Trigger Frame sent by AP station.
An HE-enabled AP station first solicits a trigger frame to non-AP HE-enabled stations to initiate OFDMA or MU-MIMO transmissions before other non-AP stations start sending. This frame identifies non-AP stations participating in the UL MU transmissions and assigns RUs to these stations. Each non-AP station receiving the trigger frame sends its own HE TB (Trigger-Based) PPDU back to AP using the assigned RUs. They may send Null-Data frames if there is no actual data to send at the moment. 
Downlink Transmission.
AP station holds the RU allocation information for every peer Non-AP station associated with it, so it simply sends frames using downlink MU-MIMO (using multiple antennas with the signal beamformed to a specific station), DL OFDMA (RU allocations) technique or combination of the two techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="56905395" url="?curid=56905395" title="Aloha (planthopper)">
Aloha (planthopper)

Aloha is a genus of planthopper named by George Willis Kirkaldy in 1904. , ten species are recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="56905399" url="?curid=56905399" title="Hamilton Croatia B">
Hamilton Croatia B


</doc>
<doc id="56905406" url="?curid=56905406" title="Daljit Kaur">
Daljit Kaur


</doc>
<doc id="56905409" url="?curid=56905409" title="Landed Army">
Landed Army

The Landed Army () was the feudal cavalry of the Grand Duchy of Moscow and Tsardom of Russia in the 15th to 17th centuries.
History.
In the second half of the 14th century, the Druzhina was replaced by feudally organized units headed by Boyars or dependent Princes, and these units consisted of landed gentry (so called ""Boyar's children" or "service people"") and their armed servants ("military slaves"). In the 15th century, such organization of detachments replaced the city regiments.
Foundation.
A completely aristocratic army, based on this local system, was formed under Ivan III of Moscow. The process of reforming the army was associated with the unification of the Russian lands. Gradually, the Grand Duchy of Moscow included new petty princedoms, courts of independent princes were dismissed, and "service people" passed to the Grand Duke. As a result, the vassal Princes and Boyars were transformed into state servants, who received estates for service in conditional holding (""pomest’e" -" military fief). In 1482, the ""Landed army" (Russian:Поместное войско)" was formed, the bulk of which were noblemen and "Boyar's children" ("hereditary servitors"), accompanied by their armed slaves. They were usually equipped as mounted archers.
Organization.
The system of conscription, when a certain number of warriors (with horse and weapon) was provided from a certain area of the land, or a certain number of households, prevailed in the 15th-17th centuries. It was usual to provide one warrior for each 100-200 "quarters(0.5 ha") of land, or every 3-30 households.
Equipment.
The landlords armed themselves and armed their people at their own expense. The main weapon of this militia cavalry, from the end of the 15th to the beginning of the 17th century, was the composite bow. After the Time of Troubles, firearms became common, including wheellock pistols and arquebuses.
Armour included the brigandine, mail and plate and mirror armour, while poor noblemen and combat slaves only had padded protection.
Size.
At the end of the 16th century, the number of noblemen and boyar children did not exceed 25.000, so the Landed army numbered up to 50.000 men, including combat slaves. These forces, however, were dispersed over a large territory, so that only a part could be mobilized for a campaign at any time. About 10.000 militia cavalry took part in the Battle of Moscow in 1612.
Decline.
Poor performance and discipline of noble cavalrymen during the Time of Troubles and Smolensk War led to the establishment of professional army units (Reiters, Dragoons, Pikemen and Musketeers) according to Western European military standards. Most of the "hereditary servitors" were included in the new, professional cavalry units, while the last remnants of militia cavalry were disbanded by Peter the Great.

</doc>
<doc id="56905410" url="?curid=56905410" title="1978 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1978 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1978 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1978 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1978 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 13th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6, 3–2 FWC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 231–258 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1979 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56905425" url="?curid=56905425" title="Raak Punch">
Raak Punch


</doc>
<doc id="56905428" url="?curid=56905428" title="Maria-Luisa Muñoz">
Maria-Luisa Muñoz


</doc>
<doc id="56905430" url="?curid=56905430" title="Pro-Specs EBBC">
Pro-Specs EBBC


</doc>
<doc id="56905437" url="?curid=56905437" title="Fudō Myoō">
Fudō Myoō


</doc>
<doc id="56905439" url="?curid=56905439" title="Tungsram-Honvéd">
Tungsram-Honvéd


</doc>
<doc id="56905442" url="?curid=56905442" title="Tatyana Titova (athlete)">
Tatyana Titova (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56905447" url="?curid=56905447" title="Bioveta Brno">
Bioveta Brno


</doc>
<doc id="56905450" url="?curid=56905450" title="Season Pass">
Season Pass


</doc>
<doc id="56905454" url="?curid=56905454" title="Thanon Tok">
Thanon Tok

Thanon Tok (, ) is a road junction in the Bang Kho Laem Subdistrict, Bang Kho Laem District, Bangkok. It is a crossroad of Charoen Krung, Rama III and Mahaisawan Roads, with considered as the last intersection of Charoen Krung.
The name "Thanon Tok" means "road to fall", because it's the end of Charoen Krung Road straight to south and ends at the Chao Phraya River. Hence colloquially referred to as "Thanon Tok" according its characteristics. Originally, it was a main port of Bangkok named "Thanon Tok Pier" before the establishment of Bangkok Port, also was a location of Bangkok Dock Company. Subsequently, when water transportation and water trading were reduced in importance and Bangkok Port moved to present Khlong Toei, it became a freight-only pier.
Government facilities in the area include Charoenkrung Pracharak Hospital, a public hospital under the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration (BMA) and the Yan Nawa office of the Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA), where one of Bangkok's former trams is preserved as a tourist attraction. The Bang Kho Laem Line of the Bangkok trams terminated here at Thanon Tok.
Bangkok Mass Transit Authority (BMTA) bus line 1 is the only route that runs all the length of Charoen Krung from Thanon Tok to Tha Tian in Phra Nakhon District, the distance is 12 kilometers (about 7 mi).
At the southern end of Charoen Krung Road from Trok Chan as far as Thanon Tok considered as a large community of Muslims. Thus making it the location of many mosques i.e. Masjid Darul Abideen, Masjid Al Bayaan, Masjid Bang Uthit, Masjid Assalafiyah etc. These Muslim ancestors all migrated from Java or Malay since the reign of King Rama I in the early Rattanakosin (18th century).

</doc>
<doc id="56905455" url="?curid=56905455" title="Stroitel Samara">
Stroitel Samara


</doc>
<doc id="56905457" url="?curid=56905457" title="Natalia Galushko">
Natalia Galushko


</doc>
<doc id="56905460" url="?curid=56905460" title="Bobcat Gent">
Bobcat Gent


</doc>
<doc id="56905469" url="?curid=56905469" title="Brampton City United B">
Brampton City United B


</doc>
<doc id="56905471" url="?curid=56905471" title="Tok Road">
Tok Road


</doc>
<doc id="56905476" url="?curid=56905476" title="Thanon Tok Intersection">
Thanon Tok Intersection


</doc>
<doc id="56905478" url="?curid=56905478" title="Mark Condit">
Mark Condit


</doc>
<doc id="56905480" url="?curid=56905480" title="Manshour Varasteh">
Manshour Varasteh

Manshour Varasteh () is an Academic author, researcher, and political activist. He serves as a member of the National Council of Resistance of Iran, appearing in several of the group's broadcasts.
Formative years and education.
As a political activist during Pahlavi dynasty, he was detained by SAVAK. After release, he began to study the organized anti-shah resistance becoming familiar with Massoud Rajavi's People's Mujahedin of Iran. Until the 1979 Revolution and down fall of Pahlavi dynasty in Iran, he was barred from leaving the country. After the revolution, he was involved in promoting human rights through NGO’s. Due to his activities he was forced to leave Iran in 1981 and has been living in exile ever since. By 1990, he got his PhD in International Politics from The University of Wales/Aberystwyth.
Publications.
Varasteh has published books in English and Persian which included:

</doc>
<doc id="56905481" url="?curid=56905481" title="Dixie Art Colony Foundation">
Dixie Art Colony Foundation


</doc>
<doc id="56905484" url="?curid=56905484" title="Thanon Tok Junction">
Thanon Tok Junction


</doc>
<doc id="56905487" url="?curid=56905487" title="Mabel Murphy Smythe">
Mabel Murphy Smythe


</doc>
<doc id="56905491" url="?curid=56905491" title="Mabel M. Smythe">
Mabel M. Smythe


</doc>
<doc id="56905495" url="?curid=56905495" title="Lavatera × clementii">
Lavatera × clementii


</doc>
<doc id="56905504" url="?curid=56905504" title="David Carr (quarterback)">
David Carr (quarterback)


</doc>
<doc id="56905509" url="?curid=56905509" title="Lavatera x clementii">
Lavatera x clementii


</doc>
<doc id="56905514" url="?curid=56905514" title="1977 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1977 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1977 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1977 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1977 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 12th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of five wins, four losses and one tie (5–4–1, 1–3–1 FWC). The Lumberjacks outscored their opponents 200–185 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1978 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56905517" url="?curid=56905517" title="List of shogi software">
List of shogi software

This is a list of shogi software (engines and/or Graphical User Interfaces):

</doc>
<doc id="56905522" url="?curid=56905522" title="Canoe Jeans EBBC">
Canoe Jeans EBBC


</doc>
<doc id="56905526" url="?curid=56905526" title="Ahmad Starks">
Ahmad Starks

Ahmad Starks (born September 11, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Pelister of the Macedonian First League. Starks played college basketball for both Oregon State University and the University of Illinois.
High school career.
As a junior, Starks helped lead Whitney M. Young Magnet High School to a 4A Illinois High School Boys Basketball Championship with a 69-66 victory over Waukegan High School.
After his official visit to Oregon State, Starks verbally committed to the program and former head coach Craig Robinson in August 2008. During his recruitment, Starks considered offers from Northwestern, Valparaiso and Illinois-Chicago and received interest from Marquette, Purdue, Stanford, Virginia and Xavier. During his senior season, Starks averaged 16.1 points, 6.1 assists, 2.8 rebounds and 3.1 steals, leading Whitney Young to another Illinois Class 4A State Championship appearance, only to fall to Simeon Career Academy.
College career.
After three seasons at Oregon State, Starks finished as the all-time career leader in three-pointers and single season three-pointers. Starks started in 73 career games at Oregon State and averaged 10.4 points, 2.0 rebounds, 2.3 assists and 1.0 steal as a junior. After his junior season, Starks announced his decision to transfer to aid his ailing grandmother. In May 2013, Starks committed to transfer to play at the University of Illinois. Starks was relegated to take a redshirt year during the 2013–14 season as his hardship waiver request was denied by the NCAA. As a redshirt senior, Starks started in 20 games for Illinois during the 2014–15 season and averaged 7.7 points a game.
Professional career.
Starks played with Eco Örebro of the Basketligan in Sweden during the 2015–2016 season and averaged 15.6 points per game. In April 2017, Starks signed with North-West Tasmania Thunder of the South East Australian Basketball League. In December 2017 Starks signed with the KW Titans of the National Basketball League of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="56905529" url="?curid=56905529" title="James Clenaghan">
James Clenaghan

Rt. Rev. Mgr. Canon James P. Clenaghan, (Séamus Mac Leannacháin) P.P., V.G., St Malachy's Church, Belfast was a distinguished senior Irish churchman and educationalist whose entire ministry was in the Diocese of Down and Connor where he rose to become Vicar General.
Early life and Education.
He was born on 28 May 1879 in the parish of Upper Ballinderry on the shores of Lough Neagh and was educated at St. Malachy's College Belfast and St Patrick's College Maynooth where he was ordained by William Walsh (archbishop of Dublin) on 19 June 1904. 
An older brother, John Clenaghan, was also as priest but in the order of Oblates of Mary Immaculate while a younger brother George was also a priest of the Diocese of Down and Connor who, in addition to serving as a military chaplain during the First World War also served as parish priest of Loughguile Co. Antrim from 1939 - 1979.
Ministry.
He returned to the staff of his alma mater and was successively Dean and finally President of the College from 1919 - 1924. In the years following the Partition of Ireland and the subsequent upheaval in the new state of Northern Ireland, Clenaghan faced a trying time in keeping the College open and solvent.
In 1924, he became P.P. of Carnlough and ten years later was moved back to Belfast as P.P. of St Malachy's Church, Belfast. He was appointed Vicar General by his near contemporary Bishop Daniel Mageean in October 1936 and made a Canon of the Cathedral chapter.
He died aged 61 on 26 November 1940 at his brother William’s residence, “Rosario”, in Magheragall. He was fondly remembered in a history of his native parish written soon after "He contributed valuable articles to the educational and ecclesiastical journals and was a popular lecturer on aspects of Irish Catholic life. 
He was a fluent Irish speaker and one of the founder members of the Irish-speaking Priests' Society, "Cumann na Sagart Gaelach"."

</doc>
<doc id="56905545" url="?curid=56905545" title="Körmend Hunor">
Körmend Hunor


</doc>
<doc id="56905549" url="?curid=56905549" title="Lynne Duval">
Lynne Duval


</doc>
<doc id="56905552" url="?curid=56905552" title="Hunter class sloop">
Hunter class sloop


</doc>
<doc id="56905555" url="?curid=56905555" title="Mustang Jeans Den Helder">
Mustang Jeans Den Helder


</doc>
<doc id="56905561" url="?curid=56905561" title="U-7 class submarine">
U-7 class submarine


</doc>
<doc id="56905569" url="?curid=56905569" title="R class cruise ship">
R class cruise ship


</doc>
<doc id="56905573" url="?curid=56905573" title="1976 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1976 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1976 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1976 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1976 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 11th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of five wins and five losses (5–5, 4–1 FWC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 154–261 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1977 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56905576" url="?curid=56905576" title="San Lorenzo Zustinian class ship of the line">
San Lorenzo Zustinian class ship of the line


</doc>
<doc id="56905581" url="?curid=56905581" title="List of members of the National Assembly of Zambia (1978–1983)">
List of members of the National Assembly of Zambia (1978–1983)

The members of the National Assembly of Zambia from 1978 until 1983 were elected on 12 December 1978. The country was a one-party state at the time, meaning the only party represented was the United National Independence Party. An additional ten members were nominated by President Kenneth Kaunda.

</doc>
<doc id="56905585" url="?curid=56905585" title="Soft Living">
Soft Living

Soft Living is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by James Tinling and starring Madge Bellamy, Johnny Mack Brown and Mary Duncan.

</doc>
<doc id="56905590" url="?curid=56905590" title="Černoch">
Černoch

Černoch (feminine Černochová) is a Czech surname meaning "black person", a reference to individual's darker skin or hair. Notable people include:

</doc>
<doc id="56905596" url="?curid=56905596" title="Černochová">
Černochová


</doc>
<doc id="56905599" url="?curid=56905599" title="Cernoch">
Cernoch


</doc>
<doc id="56905600" url="?curid=56905600" title="Depastridae">
Depastridae


</doc>
<doc id="56905602" url="?curid=56905602" title="Amy Wickus">
Amy Wickus

Amy Wickus (born June 25, 1972) is an American former middle-distance runner. She won the 800 metres title at the 1993 Universiade and competed at the World Championships in 1993 and 1995.
Career.
Wickus won the 800m title at the 1993 Universiade. On August 4, 1993, she ran 2:00.07 for 800m in Zurich, before going on to reach the semifinals at the 1993 World Championships in Stuttgart. At the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg, she was eliminated in the heats, missing out on the semifinals by one place.
In June 1996 at the US Olympic Trials, Wickus finished fourth behind Regina Jacobs, Juli Henner and Vicki Huber in the 1500m final, missing out on Olympic selection. On July 5, 1996, she ran 4:06.64 for the 1500m in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="56905616" url="?curid=56905616" title="Day of the Cuban Armed Forces">
Day of the Cuban Armed Forces

The Day of the Cuban Armed Forces is a national holiday in Cuba celebrated annually on December 2 commemorating the landing of the Granma which brought the Castro brothers and their supporters from Mexico to Cuba to start their revolution against the Batista Regime. The event is marked by military parades, fireworks and concerts throughout the country.
History and celebrations.
In October 1956, a group of Cuban dissidents, led by Fidel Castro, purchased a yacht called the Granma for US$15,000 from a United States-based Company, Inc. The yacht, which carried 82 rebels sailed from the Mexican port of Tuxpan, Veracruz on November 25, 1956 and headed for Cuba. The revolutionaries planned to land in the province of Oriente and begin an armed struggle against the government of Batista. On the night of December 2, the Granma landed on the coast of Cuba. The landing of a group of Cubans led by Fidel Castro from the yacht Granma is considered to be the day of the beginning of the Revolutionary Insurrectionary Army, from which the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Cuba was its successor.
In the years after the landing, date has been marked annually as the Day of the Cuban Armed Forces The largest parade to be held took place in 1986 in the presence of General Humberto Ortega from Nicaragua as well as officials from the Soviet Union. The first ever military parade in years to be held on the holiday was marked in 2006. The annual parade in 2016 celebrating the diamond jubilee was postponed for 1 month due to the Death and state funeral of Fidel Castro, and took place on January 2, 2017.
Expanded summary.
The Day of the Cuban Armed Forces is the foremost military holiday, which on special years has been marked by a full military parade by personnel of the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces in the Plaza de la Revolución, situated in the namesake district of the national capital city, Havana. The parade has been held with breaks since 1963, and is presided by the President of Cuba in his capacity as commander in chief of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and (at times) First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba (from 2006 to 2008 and from 2017 onwards, the posts have been held by separate people). With the veterans of the Revolution, the Bay of Pigs invasion and the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the international deployments of the Armed Forces during the Cold War, active personnel of the armed forces and their families, the diplomatic corps, citizens of Havana and pro-Cuba solidarity groups in the stands, as guest of honor, he arrives at 7:55 am for the parade proper at the José Martí Memorial's general saluting base, where he is received by the members of the Council of Ministers and the Council of State, the leadership and deputies from the National Assembly of People's Power, and Party officials. As the President arrives, the National Anthem (La Bayamesa) is played by the massed military bands provided by the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces Military Bands Department and a 21-gun salute is fired by the artillery battery of the Ceremonial Unit of the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces.
This is followed by the review of the parade formations, which are led by either an Army Corps General or a Divisional General, by the Minister of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, a billet of an general officer holding the rank of Army Corps General. As the report is made by the parade commander, the Minister responds by informing the President of the commencement of the ceremony. As the vehicles of both the parade commander and the parade reviewing officer pass the tribune, the parade formations, which are massed west of the square along the Avenida Paseo fronting the National Theater, present arms as the Minister of the Revolutionary Armed Forces' vehicle approaches the ground and mobile columns. The ground column formations of an estimated 8,900 personnel are from units of the Revolutionary Armed Forces and the Ministry of the Interior, while units from both organizations are at the rear providing the crews for the mobile column of around 550 vehicles and 1,800 crewmen, and behind them are the civilian formations forming up the demonstration segment following the parade proper. As the Minister's vehicle and that of the parade commander both halt in front of the formations, he greets the formations assembled:
The parade responses with a loud "Venceremos" and the band then strikes up to the Yorckscher Marsch as the vehicles carrying the parade commander and the reviewing officer both return to the square. The keynote holiday address then follows. In recent parades, the University Youth Federation president addressed the nation from the saluting base.
Historical segment.
Following this, the parade begins with the historical segment. As the trumpeters of the Armed Forces Massed Bands sound a bugle call, the mounted ceremonial horse guards battalion of the Revolutionary Army, wearing uniforms of the Cuban "Mambisa cavalry" ("Caballeria Mabisa") of the Cuban War of Independence, trot past the saluting dais as the combined bands plays march music. As the mounted squadron passes by the saluting base the officers salute and the troopers present their machetes at the charge position, honoring the cavalrymen who fought during the conflict.
Following them is a contingent of Jose Marti Pioneer Organization Pioneers in the 5th and 6th grades escorting a replica of the "Granma", the fast yacht whose landing in 1956 sparked the outbreak of the Revolution and the birth of the modern day Revolutionary Armed Forces. In the parade of 2017, the yacht contingent was followed by youth reenactors in three columns wearing uniforms of the guerilla combatants of the revolutionary period, carrying weapons used during those years. This is followed by the Bay of Pigs invasion segment, which begins with middle and high school level Pioneers escorting a T-34 medium tank and a SU-100 self-propelled gun, followed by a 2nd youth contingent wearing uniforms and weaponry used, followed by the living veterans of the Cuban forces deployed during that period. Then comes two civil contingents, one honoring the 1961 Cuban Literacy Campaign final march to Havana's city center by thousands of participating youths and teachers, and a children's theater trope.
March past proper.
The finale of the historical segment is followed by the parade commander ordering the parade to march past in the following manner:
The massed military bands play a cadence at this point while the Ceremonial Unit's linemen take up their places in the Avenida Paseo. As the "Marcha Invasor" is played by the bands, the parade commander's vehicle, together with the general staff's vehicles and the color guard carrying the Flag of Cuba, all drive past the grandstand with all the officers saluting at the eyes right. The parading components march past in the following order:

</doc>
<doc id="56905621" url="?curid=56905621" title="2018 Campeonato Gaúcho">
2018 Campeonato Gaúcho

The 2018 Campeonato da Primeira Divisão de Futebol Profissional da FGF (2018 FGF First Division Professional Football Championship), better known as the 2015 Campeonato Gaúcho or Gaúcho, was the 97th edition of the top flight football league of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. The season began in January and ended in April.
Table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Awards.
Team of the year.
Manager: Beto Campos
The Player of the Year was awarded to Matheus.
The Newcomer of the Year was awarded to Sander.

</doc>
<doc id="56905628" url="?curid=56905628" title="Adder class submarine">
Adder class submarine


</doc>
<doc id="56905638" url="?curid=56905638" title="Alderney class sloop">
Alderney class sloop


</doc>
<doc id="56905641" url="?curid=56905641" title="Přibylová">
Přibylová


</doc>
<doc id="56905651" url="?curid=56905651" title="Thames class submarine">
Thames class submarine


</doc>
<doc id="56905663" url="?curid=56905663" title="Pique class frigate">
Pique class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905672" url="?curid=56905672" title="Hind class sloop">
Hind class sloop


</doc>
<doc id="56905678" url="?curid=56905678" title="Jacqueline Vietti">
Jacqueline Vietti


</doc>
<doc id="56905683" url="?curid=56905683" title="Junon class frigate">
Junon class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905690" url="?curid=56905690" title="Cayogüín">
Cayogüín


</doc>
<doc id="56905691" url="?curid=56905691" title="Colossus class carrier">
Colossus class carrier


</doc>
<doc id="56905693" url="?curid=56905693" title="Madras Ruin">
Madras Ruin


</doc>
<doc id="56905697" url="?curid=56905697" title="2018 in the Central African Republic">
2018 in the Central African Republic

Events in the year 2018 in the Central African Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="56905698" url="?curid=56905698" title="Dhunjibhoy Bomanji">
Dhunjibhoy Bomanji

Sir Dhunjibhoy Bomanji (1862 – 1 April 1937) was a British Indian Parsi shipping magnate, socialite and philanthropist. 
Bomanji was one of a wealthy family based in Bombay (now Mumbai), who eventually settled in England, becoming a pillar of British society. 
He divided his time between India and a house in Windsor and estate in Harrogate. Pineheath, the Bomanji's Harrogate house, was sold in 2013. 
Family.
His wife was the Lady Frainy Bomanji (14 September 1893 – 1986) also known as Lady Harrogate and his adopted daughter Mehroo, a niece of Lady Bomanji (died 12 July 2012). Lady Bomanji founded The Friends Of The Festival and was its president (1971-1973). Notable portrait painter Trevor Stubley's portrait of Lady Bomanji is held by Sheffield City Art Gallery. 
Philanthropy.
Bomanji gave generously to charities which supported ex-servicemen and war widows following the First World War, and included Field Marshal Douglas Haig (1861–1928), Queen Victoria's granddaughter, Princess Alice, Countess of Athlone amongst his social circle. He also kissed Greta Garbo's forehead after outbidding everyone for charity. 
In 1892–93, he established Olympia Race Course in Matheran, Maharashtra.
In 1906, he bought lease of 161 (formerly 61) Holland Park Avenue for Eugen Sandow (1867–1925), a Victorian strongman who was colossally famous in his day and possessed what was deemed to be the most perfect male body. This grand four-storey end-of-terrace house was named Dhunjibhoy House – was his home for 19 years. 
In 1922, he built a model of Rotten Row, Hyde Park on his estate in Windsor to provide work for 250 unemployed men. 
In 1923, he gave a statue of Field Marshal Douglas Haig, by George Edward Wade to Edinburgh Corporation. It is now in Edinburgh Castle.
In 1929, Zoroastrian House was purchased at 11 Russell Road, Kensington for £7500, with major donation of £6,000 from Sir Dhunjibhoy and Lady Frainy Bomanji. 
Death.
He died in Bombay on 1 April 1937.
Knighthood.
He was knighted in 1922 after using his enormous wealth to support Britain’s fight against Germany during the First World War.
Commemoration.
A French marble statue sculpted by Charles Raphael Peyre was erected in the public gardens on Montpellier Hill, Harrogate in honour of Mehroo Jehangir and Lady Frainy Bomanji. It was received by Councillor Mike Newby, Mayor of the Borough of Harrogate.
The Pundol Group holds regular religious and social functions to commemorate Sir Dhunjibhoy Bomanji.

</doc>
<doc id="56905700" url="?curid=56905700" title="Midras Ruin">
Midras Ruin


</doc>
<doc id="56905701" url="?curid=56905701" title="Corona class ship of the line">
Corona class ship of the line


</doc>
<doc id="56905706" url="?curid=56905706" title="Ulrica Hydman Vallien">
Ulrica Hydman Vallien

Ulrica Margareta Hydman Vallien (24 March 1938 – 21 March 2018) was a Swedish artist who specialized in stained glass and decorative painting. In Sweden, she became best known for her vases with motifs of sinuous snakes, tulips and wolves.
Work.
Ulrica Hydman Vallien was the daughter of Stig Johan Hydman and Margit Billberg-Johansson, and lived in Algutsboda. She made her debut as a glass-artist in 1972. As a protest against the conservative artist world she create the "rat bowl". Hydman Vallien was one of only 50 artists chosen to work with British Airways to create designs for aircraft tails, napkins, porcelain, tickets and stationery for the fleet. She also took part in the Swedish National Museum exhibition "Unga tecknare" 1964–1966.
Hydman Vallien's work can be seen at Nationalmuseum, Moderna Museet, Kalmar Konstmuseum, the Indianapolis Museum of Art, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the University of Michigan Museum of Art, the Chrysler Museum of Art, the Museum of Applied Arts and Sciences, the Detroit Institute of Arts, and Göteborgs Konstmuseum.
Tributes.
As a tribute, "Ulrica Hydman Valliens gata" is a street named after her in Åfors, Sweden. She died in Eriksmala on 21 March 2018, three days before her 80th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="56905707" url="?curid=56905707" title="Oldrich Blecha">
Oldrich Blecha


</doc>
<doc id="56905712" url="?curid=56905712" title="Aloha (genus)">
Aloha (genus)


</doc>
<doc id="56905715" url="?curid=56905715" title="San Carlo Borromeo class ship of the line">
San Carlo Borromeo class ship of the line


</doc>
<doc id="56905718" url="?curid=56905718" title="Obed Ofori Bangdome">
Obed Ofori Bangdome

Obed Ofori Bangdome (born October 10, 1989) popularly known as Taadi Mayor, is an author, entrepreneur and a Senior Technical Officer at the Western Regional Health Directorate.
Early life.
Taadi Mayor is a Ghanaian and was born in Subiri-Bibiani to late Eugene Bangdome and Margaret Ofori. He is the last born of their three children.
Education.
Bangdome is a product of Asankrangwa Senior High School where he read General Science course. He represented the school in its maiden appearance in the Ghana National Science and Maths Quiz in 2008. He is a graduate of College of Health and Well-being (formerly Kintampo Rural Health Training School) and was the Vice President of the Student Representative Council during his final year.
National Service and Leadership Position.
He was among the first batch of health trainees in Ghana who began national service in 2011. Obed was elected the President of National Service Personnel Association (NASPA) for Brong-Ahafo Region and Wenchi municipal.
Obed was vociferous on poor working conditions of national service personnel posted to the state farm at Branam in Wenchi. His constant appeal to management to provide appropriate means of transportation to the state farm was granted in 2013 by Lee Ocran who was about leaving office as the Minister of Education. The minister presented 11 Yutong buses to the national service secretariat to transport service persons to the state farms.

</doc>
<doc id="56905721" url="?curid=56905721" title="José E. Andrade">
José E. Andrade

José E. Andrade (born November 30, 1979) is a professor of civil and mechanical engineering at the California Institute of Technology, where he holds the George W. Housner professorship and a Cecil and Sally Drinkward Leadership Chair. In January 2016, he became the Executive Officer for Mechanical and Civil Engineering.
José E. Andrade received his B.S. in civil engineering at the Florida Institute of Technology in 2001. He moved to Stanford University for his graduate studies, receiving an M.S. in 2003 and a PhD in 2006, under the supervision of Ronaldo I. Borja. His doctoral thesis was titled "Meso-scale finite element simulation of deformation banding in fluid-saturated sands."
In 2017, he received the Thomas J.R. Hughes Young Investigator Award The following year, he was awarded the Walter L. Huber Civil Engineering Research Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="56905722" url="?curid=56905722" title="Šedivá">
Šedivá


</doc>
<doc id="56905726" url="?curid=56905726" title="Herb Granath">
Herb Granath

Herb Granath was an American sportscaster. In 2001 he was awarded the Sports Emmy for Sports Lifetime Achievement Award. Granath spent the bulk of his career with ABC, spearheading their movements into cable and international television. He also served as Chairman of the Board for ESPN, A&amp;E, The History Channel, Lifetime Television and Disney/ABC International. He also served president of Capital Cities/ABC's Video Enterprises. Following his time with ABC, he served as co-chairman of Crown Media Holdings, vice chairman of Central European Media, and senior content adviser to Telenet. Granath was a graduate of Fordham University and spent time in the military at the beginning of his career. Granath's wife of over sixty years was Ann Flood.
Herb lived in Darien, Connecticut and died in November, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="56905727" url="?curid=56905727" title="Oblivion Song">
Oblivion Song

Oblivion Song is an ongoing American comic book series created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Lorenzo de Felici.
It is a supernatural science fiction story that chronicles Nathan Cole, a man who makes daily trips to try and rescue those still living in the apocalyptic hellscape of Oblivion, a part of Philadelphia lost a decade ago along with 300,000 of its citizens.
The first issue of the monthly comic was published in March 2018 by Image Comics.
In February 2021, it was announced that the series will end with issue #36.
Film adaptation.
In June 2019, it was revealed that Universal Pictures and Skybound Entertainment will produce an "Oblivion Song" movie with Sean O’Keefe writing the script.

</doc>
<doc id="56905729" url="?curid=56905729" title="Farm to Market Road 2310">
Farm to Market Road 2310


</doc>
<doc id="56905730" url="?curid=56905730" title="Résistance class frigate">
Résistance class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905731" url="?curid=56905731" title="Farm to Market Road 2311">
Farm to Market Road 2311


</doc>
<doc id="56905735" url="?curid=56905735" title="Farm to Market Road 2312">
Farm to Market Road 2312


</doc>
<doc id="56905737" url="?curid=56905737" title="Greatest Royal Rumble (2018)">
Greatest Royal Rumble (2018)


</doc>
<doc id="56905739" url="?curid=56905739" title="Kentucky colonel (disambiguation)">
Kentucky colonel (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56905741" url="?curid=56905741" title="Farm to Market Road 2313">
Farm to Market Road 2313


</doc>
<doc id="56905742" url="?curid=56905742" title="Scromiting">
Scromiting


</doc>
<doc id="56905744" url="?curid=56905744" title="Toby Hession">
Toby Hession

Toby Hession (born 6 February 1997) is an English composer, conductor, and pianist.
Early life and studies.
Hession was born in Peterborough. Between 2010 and 2015 he attended Chetham's School of Music, Manchester, studying piano with Masayuki Tayama, with whom he continues to study, and composition with Gavin Wayte. He read music at Clare College, Cambridge and graduated in 2018, having held a choral scholarship and an instrumental award there.
Compositions.
Hession has written works which have been performed in numerous venues (amongst them Westminster Abbey, King’s College, Cambridge, Peterborough Cathedral, etc.) by such ensembles as the Choir of Clare College, Cambridge, Aurora Orchestra, the Manchester Camerata, the Commonwealth Festival Orchestra and Inner Voices.
Hession’s recent works include a commission by The King's Singers and a set of canticles premièred by the Choir of Clare College, Cambridge in 2018. His works have been broadcast on Classic FM and Radio 3 and are published by Edition Peters.
Conductor.
Hession has conducted a wide range of ensembles in venues such as West Road Concert Hall, Cambridge, Westminster Abbey, Bridgewater Hall and Manchester Cathedral.
In January 2018, Hession conducted the UK premiere of Iván Fischer's "Eine Deutsch-Jiddische Kantate" in Clare College Chapel.
Pianist.
Hession has given performances across the UK, at venues including West Road Concert Hall, Cambridge, St. Martin in the Fields, St. James’s Piccadilly, London, the Royal Northern College of Music and Peterborough Cathedral. He has performed Grieg's Piano Concerto and Beethoven's Fifth Piano Concerto ('Emperor') with the Cambridge University Music Society (CUMS) orchestra and the East Anglia Chamber Orchestra respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="56905745" url="?curid=56905745" title="Luigi Cadorna class cruiser">
Luigi Cadorna class cruiser


</doc>
<doc id="56905748" url="?curid=56905748" title="Farm to Market Road 2314">
Farm to Market Road 2314


</doc>
<doc id="56905757" url="?curid=56905757" title="Farm to Market Road 2378">
Farm to Market Road 2378


</doc>
<doc id="56905758" url="?curid=56905758" title="Raimondo Montecuccoli class cruiser">
Raimondo Montecuccoli class cruiser


</doc>
<doc id="56905766" url="?curid=56905766" title="Conservative Association">
Conservative Association

A Conservative Association (CA) is a local organisation composed of Conservative Party members in the United Kingdom. Every association varies in membership size but all correspond to a parliamentary constituency in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. An executive council of officers are elected every year at an annual general meeting who represent electoral wards in their local areas and are designated with specified responsibilities. University Conservative associations are run independently from constituency associations. A major role comes in the form of fund-raising, campaigning, and the selection of candidates to compete in local and parliamentary elections. The first associations were formed as early as 1832. 
Executive councils.
The executive boards which are elected every year generally consist of the following officers:
Associations.
There is typically one association in each constituency, although in some areas such as Cumbria, a multi-constituency association has been formed.
There are also associations at some universities including:
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="56905767" url="?curid=56905767" title="Cardiff University Centre of Cricketing Excellence">
Cardiff University Centre of Cricketing Excellence


</doc>
<doc id="56905777" url="?curid=56905777" title="Cardiff South Wales MCC University">
Cardiff South Wales MCC University


</doc>
<doc id="56905779" url="?curid=56905779" title="Contre-Amiral Eustatiu Sebastian class frigate">
Contre-Amiral Eustatiu Sebastian class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905786" url="?curid=56905786" title="Oldřichov u České Lípy">
Oldřichov u České Lípy


</doc>
<doc id="56905787" url="?curid=56905787" title="Kwanggaeto class frigate">
Kwanggaeto class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905788" url="?curid=56905788" title="Board toilet">
Board toilet


</doc>
<doc id="56905793" url="?curid=56905793" title="Richard J. Maughan">
Richard J. Maughan

Richard J. Maughan (November 13, 1917 – July 8, 1981) was an American judge who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Utah from 1975 to 1981 and as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Utah in 1981.
Born in Cache Valley, Maughan received a JD from the University of Utah and was admitted to the bar in 1951. He was an Assistant State Attorney General in Utah from 1951 to 1969. In 1968 he was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States House of Representatives for Utah's 1st congressional district. Maughan ran as a Democrat, and was defeated in a landslide by Republican incumbent Laurence J. Burton, who received over 68% of the vote with 139,456 votes to Maughan's 65,265.
The following year, however, Maughan was appointed to the Utah State Board of Higher Education. In 1974, Maughan ran for a seat on the Utah Supreme Court, defeating incumbent E. R. Callister Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="56905798" url="?curid=56905798" title="Amiral Petre Barbuneanu class frigate">
Amiral Petre Barbuneanu class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905805" url="?curid=56905805" title="Ma'anshan class frigate">
Ma'anshan class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905808" url="?curid=56905808" title="Marasesti class frigate">
Marasesti class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905817" url="?curid=56905817" title="Conulatae">
Conulatae


</doc>
<doc id="56905818" url="?curid=56905818" title="Asgard (archaea)">
Asgard (archaea)

Asgard or Asgardarchaeota is a proposed superphylum consisting of a group of archaea that includes Lokiarchaeota, Thorarchaeota, Odinarchaeota, and Heimdallarchaeota. A representative of the group was cultivated. The Asgard superphylum represents the closest prokaryotic relatives of eukaryotes, which possibly emerged from an ancestral lineage of Asgardarchaeota after assimilating bacteria through the process of symbiogenesis.
Discovery.
In the summer of 2010, sediments from a gravity core taken in the rift valley on the Knipovich ridge in the Arctic Ocean, near the so-called Loki's Castle hydrothermal vent site, were analysed. Specific sediment horizons previously shown to contain high abundances of novel archaeal lineages, were subjected to metagenomic analysis.
In 2015, an Uppsala University-led team proposed the "Lokiarchaeota" phylum based on phylogenetic analyses using a set of highly conserved protein-coding genes. Through a reference to the hydrothermal vent complex from which the first genome sample originated, the name refers to Loki, the Norse shape-shifting god. The Loki of mythology has been described as "a staggeringly complex, confusing, and ambivalent figure who has been the catalyst of countless unresolved scholarly controversies", analogous to the role of Lokiarchaeota in the debates about the origin of eukaryotes.
In 2016, a University of Texas-led team discovered "Thorarchaeota" from samples taken from the White Oak River in North Carolina, named in reference to Thor, another Norse god.
Additional samples from Loki's Castle, Yellowstone National Park, Aarhus Bay, an aquifer near the Colorado River, New Zealand's Radiata Pool, hydrothermal vents near Taketomi Island, Japan, and the White Oak River estuary in the United States led researchers to discover "Odinarchaeota" and "Heimdallarchaeota", and following the naming convention having been established to use Norse deities, the archaea were named for Odin and Heimdallr, respectively. Researchers therefore, named the superphylum containing these microbes “Asgard”, after the realm of the deities in Norse mythology.
Description.
Asgard members encode many eukaryotic signature proteins, including novel GTPases, membrane-remodelling proteins like ESCRT and SNF7, a ubiquitin modifier system, and N-glycosylation pathway homologs.
Asgard archaeons have a regulated actin cytoskeleton, and the profilins and gelsolins they use can interact with eukaryotic actins. They also seem to form vesicles under Cryogenic electron microscopy. Some may have a PKD domain S-layer. They also share the three-way ES39 expansion in LSU rRNA with eukaryotes.
Metabolism.
Asgard archaea are generally obligate anaerobes, though Kariarchaeota, Gerdarchaeota and Hodarchaeota may be facultative aerobes. They have a Wood–Ljungdahl pathway and perform glycolysis. Members can be autotrophs, heterotrophs, or phototrophs using heliorhodopsin. One member, Candidatus "Prometheoarchaeum syntrophicum", performs syntrophy with a sulfur-reducing proteobacteria and a methanogenic archaea.
The RuBisCO they have are not carbon-fixing, but likely used for nucleoside salvaging.
Eukaryotic-like features in subdivisions.
The phylum "Heimdallarchaeota" was found to have N-terminal core histone tails, a feature previously thought to be exclusively eukaryotic, in 2017. Two other archaeal phyla, both outside of Asgard, were found to also have tails in 2018.
In January 2020, scientists found "Candidatus Prometheoarchaeum syntrophicum", a member of Lokiarcheota, engaging in cross-feeding with two bacterial species. Drawing an analogy to symbiogenesis, they consider this relationship a possible link between the simple prokaryotic microorganisms and the complex eukaryotic microorganisms occurring approximately two billion years ago.
Classification.
The phylogenetic relationship of this group is still under discussion. The relationship of the members is approximately as follows:
Some authors have suggested to split Heimdallarchaeota into multiple groups (Hodarchaeota, Gerdarchaeota, Kariarchaeota and Heimdallarchaeota). Eukaryotes may be sister to the previous four groups and Wukongarchaeota, or to the entire Asgard archaea group. A favored scenario is syntrophy, where one organism depends on the feeding of the other. In this case, the syntrophy may have been due to the Asgard archaea having been incorporated in an unknown type of bacteria, developing into the nucleus. An α-proteobacterium was incorporated to become the mitochondrion.

</doc>
<doc id="56905826" url="?curid=56905826" title="Glover class frigate">
Glover class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905831" url="?curid=56905831" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's high jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's high jump

The women's high jump event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56905837" url="?curid=56905837" title="Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back">
Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back

Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back is an American reality television series that aired on Fox from June 13, 2018 to May 12, 2020.
Starring chef Gordon Ramsay, the show features his travels across the United States, visiting failing restaurants in his 70-foot-long "Hell On Wheels" semi-truck that unfolds into a high-tech mobile kitchen, where the chefs are retrained. At first, a team is sent in to secretly survey the restaurant, with Ramsay eventually going undercover inside. He then tries to address the issues and revive each restaurant by retraining staff and refreshing the menu, culminating in a relaunch of the restaurant with a grand re-opening to the public after extensive renovations—all in just 24 hours. The format is similar to those of other programs such as "Hotel Hell", "Kitchen Nightmares", and "".
On June 27, 2018, Fox renewed "Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back" for a second season, which premiered on January 2, 2019. The show was later renewed for a third season on July 26, 2019, which premiered on January 7, 2020.
On March 4, 2020, it was announced that a 2-hour "Save Our Town" special episode would be airing on May 12, in which Gordon helps three businesses in Ellicott City, Maryland following their 2016 and 2018 floods.

</doc>
<doc id="56905840" url="?curid=56905840" title="2018 Bandung mayoral election">
2018 Bandung mayoral election

The 2018 Bandung mayoral election took place on 27 June 2018 as part of the simultaneous local elections. It was held to elect the mayor of Bandung alongside with their deputy.
Sitting mayor Ridwan Kamil, while eligible for a second term, did not run due to his bid for the province's governorship. Vice mayor Oded Muhammad Danial came out on top, defeating city secretary Yossi Irianto in addition to former lawmaker and Golkar politician Nurul Arifin.
Timeline.
The KPU has stated that there will be approximately 1.7 million voters in the city. Registration for party-backed candidates were opened between 8 and 10 January 2018, while independent candidates were required to register between 22 and 26 November 2017. The campaigning period would commence between 15 February and 24 June, with a three-day election silence before voting on 27 June. The vote itself follows a first past the post system.
The candidates were assigned their order number on 13 February 2018. A public debate covered by media outlets was held on 15 April 2018.
Candidates.
Incumbent Ridwan Kamil participated in the 2018 West Java gubernatorial election, and declared that he will not be running for re-election in December 2017. Instead, he endorsed the Yossi-Aries ticket. Some independent candidates registered, but none passed the required qualifications in form of identity card copies.
Nurul Arifin's candidacy was backed by her party since mid-2017. Her running mate is Chairul Yaqin Hidayat, who is the vice-treasurer in Demokrat. She became eligible to run once the pair secured the support of PKB and hence controlling sufficient seats in the parliament. Newly registered political party Perindo also endorsed the pair.
City secretary Yossi Irianto first received the endorsement of Hanura in November 2017, followed by Nasdem. PDI-P and PPP endorsed the pair in the days leading up to the registration, with the former attaching Aries Supriatna as the running mate. Days before the election new party PSI endorse this pair.
Ridwan Kamil's deputy Oded M Danial was officially endorsed by PKS in October 2017. Gerindra endorsed him, with Yana Mulyana being set as his running mate on the last day of registration.

</doc>
<doc id="56905842" url="?curid=56905842" title="Atchison High School">
Atchison High School

Atchison High School is a public secondary school in Atchison, Kansas, United States, operated by Atchison USD 409 school district, and serves students of grades 9 to 12.

</doc>
<doc id="56905843" url="?curid=56905843" title="Constellation class frigate">
Constellation class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905844" url="?curid=56905844" title="2018 S.League">
2018 S.League


</doc>
<doc id="56905851" url="?curid=56905851" title="United States class frigate">
United States class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905863" url="?curid=56905863" title="OpenSHMEM">
OpenSHMEM


</doc>
<doc id="56905865" url="?curid=56905865" title="Ariane class frigate">
Ariane class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56905867" url="?curid=56905867" title="Visconti Castle (Vercelli)">
Visconti Castle (Vercelli)

The Visconti Castle of Vercelli is a medieval castle in Vercelli, Piedmont, Northern Italy. Erected at the end of the 13th century, it underwent subsequent transformation to be changed in its use. Today it is the seat of the Tribunal of Vercelli.
History.
The Visconti of Milan took control of Vercelli at the end of the 13th century, during their initial expansion outside Milan. Around 1290, Matteo Visconti ordered the construction of the castle, probably on a previous building's ruins.
It had the classic layout of the Visconti castles of the Lombardy plains: quadrangular, with square towers at each corner, two entrances on opposite sides, and an internal courtyard. Another small door ("pusterla") was in the south-eastern corner. An inner wing ("rocchetta") leaned on the southern side. The castle's primary purpose was to show a sign of the Visconti's power over Vercelli. Being along the city's wall, it also reinforced its defense to the south.
In 1427 the Visconti handed over Vercelli to Amadeus VIII, Duke of Savoy. The castle became a seat of the House of Savoy and came to be known as Savoy Castle. The blessed Amadeus IX, Duke of Savoy died there in 1472. Yolande of Valois, her widow, had it restored and enlarged.
In the following centuries, the castle declined. As a military building, it was no longer useful, and, as civil work, it became unsuitable compared to other residences of the Savoy house. At the time of the Franco-Spanish War (1635–1659), it was damaged during the Spanish siege in 1638. The people of Vercelli had the castle repaired to the best of their ability. Vercelli's governors continued to live there during the Napoleonic age. In 1832, the Vercelli prison moved there.
In the 20th century, further adaptations and reparations transformed the building into the Vercelli Tribunal seat. The restorations ended in 1931. They consisted of the reconstruction of the collapsed towers, the erection of a new one on the right side of the facade, the addition of internal bodies, and the reopening of the seventeenth-century arcades on the ground floor and first floor. The works rebuilt the original southern gate, with a wooden bridge over the moat, and the pusterla in the south-eastern corner.
Today.
The castle is open only from the outside. Being used as Tribunal, it is accessible internally only for its state functions.

</doc>
<doc id="56905870" url="?curid=56905870" title="Openshmem">
Openshmem


</doc>
<doc id="56905873" url="?curid=56905873" title="Luzon class repair ship">
Luzon class repair ship


</doc>
<doc id="56905874" url="?curid=56905874" title="Vicomtesse">
Vicomtesse


</doc>
<doc id="56905880" url="?curid=56905880" title="Fame Us">
Fame Us

Fame Us is a 2019 released feature-length documentary about society's obsession with fame and social media, and how the two collide. The documentary was written and directed by Australian filmmaker Lincoln Fenner.
The film includes interviews with David Hasselhof, former president Ronald Reagan's son Michael Reagan, Anthony Crivello, actor Jon Polito, boxing referee Joe Cortez, actor Tony Lo Bianco, Scott Alswang (retired United States Secret Service Supervisory Special Agent), TV journalist and author Diane Diamond, actor and producer J.J. Kandel, and bass guitarist Ralph Rieckermann.
In 2019 the film was released for streaming on Amazon Prime in the US and the UK as well as streaming worldwide on Vimeo On-Demand.
Fenner attended a Director's Q&amp;A at the New York Premiere of Fame Us at the Tribeca Film Center in 2018 along with interviewees Scott Alswang and Diane Dimond. The Q&amp;A Panel was chaired by ComedyCures Foundation CEO Saranne Rothberg.
The film had its world premiere on 16 October 2017 at UK’s longest running cinema the Phoenix Cinema in London.
The documentary’s Australian premiere was in Perth, Western Australia on 3 January 2018 at Hoyts Garden City attended by celebrity chef and two time World Pizza Champion Theo Kalogeracos who was interviewed along with Lincoln Fenner on the red carpet. Kalogeracos featured in the film.
"Fame Us" was written, directed, produced and edited by Fenner and the musical score was composed by Michael Alllen. The documentary was shot with a small crew including Andrew Hooper (Cinematographer), Joshua MacKenzie (Sound Recordist), at various locations in the US (New York, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, San Francisco, San Diego, Pennsylvania), United Kingdom (London, Brighton) and Australia (Perth).

</doc>
<doc id="56905886" url="?curid=56905886" title="Roaming Regulation 2012">
Roaming Regulation 2012


</doc>
<doc id="56905892" url="?curid=56905892" title="Sir Dhunjibhoy Bomanji">
Sir Dhunjibhoy Bomanji


</doc>
<doc id="56905894" url="?curid=56905894" title="Charlotte Wedell">
Charlotte Wedell

Charlotte Bolette Sophie, Baroness Wedell-Wedellsborg (27 January 1862 – 22 July 1953) was one of four women mathematicians to attend the inaugural International Congress of Mathematicians, held in Zurich in 1897.
Wedell was originally from Denmark, the daughter of (of the Wedel noble family) and Louise Marie Sophie, Countess Schulin, and the granddaughter of .
At the time of the Congress, in 1897, she had just completed a doctorate at the University of Lausanne in Switzerland, with Adolf Hurwitz as an unofficial mentor. The subject of her dissertation was the application of elliptic functions to the construction of the Malfatti circles.
At the congress, Wedell was listed as being affiliated with the University of Göttingen. The other three women at the congress were Iginia Massarini, Vera von Schiff, and Charlotte Scott. None were speakers; the first Congress with a woman as a speaker was in 1912.
Wedell married engineer Eugène Tomasini in Copenhagen in 1898; they divorced in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="56905898" url="?curid=56905898" title="2018 in Uzbekistan">
2018 in Uzbekistan

Events in the year 2018 in Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="56905906" url="?curid=56905906" title="Ellinwood High School">
Ellinwood High School

Ellinwood High School is a public high school in Ellinwood, Kansas, United States. It is operated by Ellinwood USD 355 school district. Ellinwood's mascot is the Eagle. It is classified as a 2A high school by the Kansas State High School Activities Association, and Ellinwood participates in the Central Prairie League for sports.

</doc>
<doc id="56905908" url="?curid=56905908" title="Roman Shvartsman">
Roman Shvartsman

Roman Markovich Shvartsman (born November 7, 1936) is chairman of the Odessa regional Association of Jews – former prisoners of ghetto and Nazi concentration camps.
He is Vice President of the Ukrainian Association of Jews - former prisoners of ghetto and Nazi concentration camps, and Chairman of the Association of Boris Zabarko.
He is also Deputy chairman of the Council of Odessa society of Jewish culture and Manager of its social and cultural center.
Biography.
Roman Markovich Shvartsman was born in 1936, in a simple Jewish family in the city of Bershad, Vinnytsia Oblast. The family had nine children, the seventh of whom was Roman Shvartsman. His mother was a housewife, his father worked at the Bershad distillery as a security guard. When the Second World War ended, all archival and personal documents were burned and then, to restore the age of Roman, a doctor of the local clinic conducted an external examination.
In 1955, he moved to Odessa, where he entered the vocational school № 2, in 1956, he received a specialty fitter. From 1957 to 1963 he studied at the Odessa National Maritime Academy, with a speciality as engineer-mechanic.
Roman began his career at the Odessa plant Poligrafmash, where he works now. There is only one entry in his workbook.
In 1959, Roman married.
In 1992 Roman became a member of the international organization of former ghetto prisoners and concentration camps, which was founded in Odessa in 1991.
Currently, he remains a permanent and active member of the organization. In 1991, at the first Congress, the members of the international organization decided to create a regional Association of former prisoners of ghettos and concentration camps, and the headquarters of the international Union was moved to Moscow.
In 1991 the Odessa regional Association of the former prisoners of the ghetto was created, where Roman was Deputy Chairman, which at that time was Leonid Sushon.
In 2002, at the Odessa regional conference, dedicated to the results of the Association, Roman was elected Chairman of the Association, the head of which he is to date.
He contributes to the annual festive events, in the Prokhorovsky square, dedicated to the International day of remembrance of the victims of the Holocaust, which the whole world celebrates on January 27. The International day of liberation of concentration camp prisoners is celebrated annually on April 12, as well as holding events on the topic of the Holocaust at the Jewish cultural center «Beit Grand», educational activities in schools, universities and on television. He is a guest of honor at conferences on an international level, dedicated to the topic of the Holocaust.
He is actively involved in the development and improvement of the Museum Holocaust's, which was created and opened by the Association of prisoners in 2009.
Memories of the Holocaust.
In 1941 the whole of Ukraine was occupied by German and Romanian troops. In the early days of the outbreak of war Roman's father and older brother went to the front. In early July, his mother, with her eight young children, tried to evacuate. After two weeks attempts at evacuation, they were forced to return home, because of active offensive fascist troops.
In late July, early August in Bershad the Germans came. And in early September by the decree of the commandant of the German administration, two ghettos were organized in the territory of the city, in one of which was Roman's family.
In the Bershad ghetto Jews were deported from Bessarabia and nearby areas of the Vinnytsia region.
The total number of Jews amounted to 25,000 people. For the period from June 1941 until March 1944 German and Romanian fascists killed 13,871 Jews.
During the occupation in 1942, an operation on repair of the bridge across the river Dohno, at the hands of Romanian caretakers one of Roman's older brothers was shot. Slightly later this history formed the basis of one of the films of the Israeli film director Boris Maftsir.
Intolerable living conditions in the ghetto has left its mark for life.
On March 29, 1944 the city of Bershad was liberated by the Red Army.
In 1945, after the liberation of Europe from the fascist plague, the Roman's father was mobilized from Berlin for the war. He returned home only in 1946, after the Red Army defeated fascist Japan.
Roman's elder brother joined the army and did not return. It was only in 1953 that his family received notice of his death, in which it was claimed that he died heroically on the Northern front, defending Leningrad. His name is recorded in the "Black Book", a compilation of documents and testimonies of Jewish victims of the Holocaust edited by Vasily Grossman and Ilya Ehrenburg.
Public activity.
Odessa regional Association of former ghetto prisoners and concentration camps.
In Odessa the first constituent Congress was created, in which was created the International Union of Jews - former prisoners of ghettos and Nazi concentration camps. And only a few years later such associations opened in Kiev and Moscow.
In 1991 the Odessa regional Association of the former prisoners of the ghetto and concentration camps was created.
The main purpose of the Association is to unite Jews-former prisoners of the ghetto and Nazi concentration camps, during the Second World War, protect their rights and freedoms, coordinate the activities of the associations, located on the territory of Odessa and Odessa region. The objectives of the Association: countering fascism, extremism and other manifestations of racial discrimination, identification of places of mass destruction of Jews during the Second World War, perpetuating the memory of genocide victims, perpetuation and search of people, saving Jews, in order to grant them the title of Righteous among the Nations of the world.
Monuments to the victims of the Holocaust.
Particular mention should be made of the activities of the Chairman of the Odessa regional organization of former prisoners of ghetto and concentration camps, Roman Shvartsman: through his efforts it became possible to establish in Odessa, the Odessa region and Nikolayev region area more than thirty monuments and memorials, dedicated to the memory of Jews, destroyed in the Disaster.
In memory of the victims of the Holocaust on the Lustdorf road, 27 a Memorial complex was built; each year on 23 October a mourning rally occurs.
In this place was found three additional sites with remains, and probably there are two more. Romanian and German occupiers burned 25,000 Jewish children, women, and elderly people.
As Roman Schwartzman commented:»
In Prokhorovsky Square, on the site of the Holocaust memorial (road of death), created by the prisoner of the Bogdanovka ghetto, Yakov Maniovich, under the guidance of Roman Shvartsman events are constantly held for the care of monuments and the alley of the Righteous Among the Nations.
In 2016 in the town of Balta, on central square the memorial to the victims of the Holocaust was opened, a memorial to the victims of the Holocaust and the Righteous of the Nations of the world, including Queen Elena of Romania.
The monuments are also open in the village of Domanevka, Bogdanovka village, in the city of Belgorod-Dniester, in the city of Savran, the city of Tarutino and many others settlements of the territory of Transnistria.
According to Roman Shvartsman, about 240,000 Jews were killed by the Nazis in the territory of Transnistria. In 2015 in the village of Gvozdavka 2 a mass grave was discovered with the remains of about 3,500 Jews. Later a memorial sign was placed there.
In an interview with the Associated Press, Roman Shvartsman said:
The creation of a Museum of the Holocaust.
The official opening of the Holocaust Museum in Odessa took place on June 22, 2009.
The Chairman of the Association of former concentration camp prisoners and ghetto, Roman Shvartsman noted:
For the time being the Museum presents more than 4,000 exhibits. A few years after the opening, the Museum was visited by about 20,000 people from around the world: ambassadors, diplomats, leaders of the city and region, students and schoolchildren and just people, who remember or want to know about that terrible tragedy, which is called the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="56905909" url="?curid=56905909" title="1983 Adur District Council election">
1983 Adur District Council election

Elections to the Adur District Council were held on 5 May 1983, with one third of the council up for election. There was an additional vacancy in the Peverel ward and no elections for the Marine ward. Overall turnout climbed to 47.6%.
The election resulted in the Alliance losing control of the council to no overall control.
Election result.
This resulted in the following composition of the council:
Ward results.
+/- figures represent changes from the last time these wards were contested.

</doc>
<doc id="56905918" url="?curid=56905918" title="Rolf Leeser">
Rolf Leeser

Rolf Leeser (4 June 1929 – 21 March 2018) was a German-born footballer who played for Ajax in the Netherlands from 1948 to 1954.
Leeser, born in Essen on 4 June 1929, was of Jewish descent. He joined the Ajax youth academy at the age of 12, and made his first professional appearance for the club on 19 September 1948. Leeser became a regular during the 1951–52 season, and continued to play until April 1954, scoring six goals in 34 total appearances for the club over the course of his career.
Outside of football, Leeser was a fashion designer. He founded Leeser B.V., a women's fashion chain, and contributed to the redesign of the Ajax logo, which has been in use since 1990. He died on 21 March 2018, aged 88. Lesser was married to jurist Anita B. Leeser-Gassan.

</doc>
<doc id="56905922" url="?curid=56905922" title="Edmond de la Poer, 1st Count de la Poer">
Edmond de la Poer, 1st Count de la Poer

Edmond James de Poher de la Poer, 1st Count de la Poer (6 March 1841 – 30 August 1915), known as Edmond James Power until 1863, and 18th Baron le Power and Coroghmore from 1851 to 1864, was an Irish Liberal politician.
Family.
De la Poer was born as Edmond James Power to John William Power and Frances (née Power), daughter of John Power. On 12 May 1851, he succeeded to the Irish peerage as 18th Baron le Power and Coroghmore of County Waterford.
In 1863, he commissioned the building of Castle Gurteen de la Poer, an Elizabethan Revival house in County Waterford, Ireland, replacing an earlier house on the estate. On 19 August 1864, he was made 1st Count de la Poer in the Papal States.
In 1881, he married Mary Olivia Augusta Monsell, daughter of Thomas William Gaston Monsell and Frances Vincent de la Poer, and they had at least six children: Edmond Alan Tremeur de Poher de la Poer-Monsell; John William Rivallon de Poher de la Poer (1882–1939); Elinor Mary Trifine de Poher de la Poer (1884–1973); William Stephen Arnold Trémeur de Poher de la Poer (1885–1936); Ermyngarde Berthe Frances de Poher de la Poer (1887–1967); and Mary Frances Yseult de Poher de la Poer (born 1889).
Political career.
De la Poer was elected MP as a Liberal candidate for County Waterford at a by-election in 1866—caused by the succession of John Beresford to 5th Marquess of Waterford—and held the seat until 1873 when he resigned.
He was also a Justice of the Peace for County Waterford, High Sheriff of County Waterford in 1879, Private Chamberlain to Pope Pius IX, and Lord Lieutenant of Waterford and City of Waterford in 1909. He was also a Knight of Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="56905925" url="?curid=56905925" title="PT-20 class motor torpedo boat">
PT-20 class motor torpedo boat


</doc>
<doc id="56905927" url="?curid=56905927" title="Bogdan-Daniel Deac">
Bogdan-Daniel Deac

Bogdan-Daniel Deac (born 8 October 2001) is a Romanian chess grandmaster. A chess prodigy, he earned his grandmaster title at the age of 14 years, 7 months and 27 days.
Chess career.
Born in 2001, Deac earned his international master title in 2014 and his grandmaster title in 2016. He is the No. 2 ranked Romanian player as of December 2020. In March 2018, he competed in the European Individual Chess Championship. He placed ninety-fourth, scoring 6/11 (+4–3=4).

</doc>
<doc id="56905931" url="?curid=56905931" title="Hoisington High School">
Hoisington High School

Hoisington High School is a public high school located in Hoisington, Kansas, operated by Hoisington USD 431 school district. The building was designed and constructed in 1940 in the Art-Deco style by architect Henry W. Brinkman and the school is currently listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The school offers many extracurricular activities, both athletic and non-athletic. Sports teams compete as the "Fighting Cardinals" and the school colors are red, white and black with yellow as an accent color. As of 2019, the school has won 13 state championships in various sports.
History.
Early history.
Hoisington High School was designed by the Emporia architecture firm Brinkman &amp; Hagan and was constructed in 1940 through the Public Works Administration. The three-story brick building features Art Deco-style stone ornamentation and carved detailing. The building also includes a 1937 native stone stadium constructed by the Works Projects Administration. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The athletic programs offered at Hoisington High School compete within the North Central Activities Association. The school is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association. The teams are known as the "Fighting Cardinals" and the school colors are red, white and black with yellow as an accent color. As of 2019, the school has won 13 state championships in various sports.

</doc>
<doc id="56905932" url="?curid=56905932" title="Darragh Markey">
Darragh Markey

Darragh Markey (born 23 May 1997) is an Irish professional footballer playing for League of Ireland Premier Division club, Drogheda United, having previously spent six seasons with St Patrick's Athletic, the club he started his professional career with.
Club career.
Youth career.
Markey played his youth football with Cherry Orchard, winning the Under 17 FAI Umbro Cup with a 5–2 win over Leeds AFC in the final at Turners Cross on 3 May 2014. At the Ballyfermot club Markey played alongside future League of Ireland players Max Kouogun, Josh Collins and Derek Daly among others. Markey's form for the Orchard attracted interest from St Patrick's Athletic, who signed him for their under 19's side ahead of the 2014–15 season. This turned out to be a terrific season for both Markey as he won the league's Player of the Season award and also for the team as they won the Under 19 SSE Airtricity League with a 3–2 win over Derry City under 19's in the final at Maginn Park. The team included several players that broke through to the St. Pat's first team and beyond in the League of Ireland, Scottish Premiership and English Football Leagues, including Jamie McGrath, Rory Feely, Jack Bayly, Fuad Sule and Paul Rooney.
St Patrick's Athletic.
2015 season.
Ahead of the St Patrick's Athletic senior team's 2015 season, Markey was called up to the first team for the season, given the number 21 shirt, he would also remain with the under 19's while still eligible. He made his first team debut on 9 February 2015, aged just 17 years old, when he came off the bench in a 7–0 win at home to Tolka Rovers in the Leinster Senior Cup. Markey made late substitute appearances in the President's Cup away to Dundalk and the first game of the 2015 League of Ireland Premier Division season away to Shamrock Rovers, his first Dublin Derby. Markey went on to make a further 5 appearances in the first team that season.
2016 season.
In January 2016, Markey went on trial with Scottish Premier League champions Celtic, scoring in a trial game vs Kilmarnock. Nothing came of the move as Markey decided to take up the scholarship offer between St Pat's and NUI Maynooth, taking up a degree in finance at the college. To secure the degree, Markey would have to get the necessary points on his Leaving Cert, which he sat in June 2016. With the importance of his studies having to come before his football, the first half of 2016 turned out to be less productive for Markey as he made 7 league appearances and two league cup appearances that season (all 9 coming on from the substitutes bench) as Pat's won the 2016 League Cup.
2017 season.
Markey changed squad number to the number 14 ahead of the 2017 season. On 17 April Markey made his first start for the first team in a win over Bray Wanderers in the League Cup. He then made his first league start 4 days later against Cork City at Richmond Park. His performances in these games stood out and earned him plaudits from fans, pundits and most importantly manager Liam Buckley, who kept him in the starting 11. He was nominated for the League of Ireland Premier Division Player of the Month for May 2017 but just lost out to Ryan Delaney. He went on to make a total of 18 league appearances, 22 in all competitions and his form in those games saw him voted as St Patrick's Athletic Young Player of the Year by the club's fans.
2018 season.
Markey's shirt number changed again to number 15 ahead of the 2018 season. He started the season out of the starting 11, having to come off the bench in the first few games but regained his spot in the Attacking midfielder role in the 0–0 draw with Dundalk. He scored his first senior goal on 15 May 2018 in a 5–2 win over Derry City at Richmond Park. His next goal came on 10 August when he opened the scoring in a 5–0 win over Inchicore Athletic in the FAI Cup First Round. The season proved to be a disappointment for his side as they missed out on European football once again, which saw the departure of Liam Buckley as manager. On a personal level for Markey however, the season was another big step in his development, making 36 appearances and scoring 2 goals.
2019 season.
Following on from a full season as a regular starter, Markey was given the number 8 shirt for the 2019 season. Markey had to wait until 15 March 2019 for his first appearance of the season under new manager Harry Kenny, coming on as a substitute in a 2–0 loss away to Waterford. He had to wait a month for his next appearance, making his first start of the season in a 1–1 draw away to Cork City. From then on he remained a mainstay in the team and on 17 May he scored his first goal of the season, opening the scoring in the Dublin derby against Bohemians with a looping header over James Talbot in the 40th minute. Markey saw his first taste of European football when he came off the bench away to IFK Norrköping of Sweden in a UEFA Europa League Qualifier, assisting Conor Clifford's goal in a 2–1 loss for Pat's. With the side struggling in front of goal, manager Harry Kenny was replaced by Stephen O'Donnell following a shock cup exit to UCD in late August and in O'Donnell's first match, Markey scored in a 2–1 win away to Finn Harps on 6 September 2019. He finished the season with 30 appearances and 2 goals in all competitions.
2020 season.
The 2020 season was a difficult one for Markey as the league season was halved due to the Coronavirus pandemic which also saw the League Cup and Leinster Senior Cup abandoned. As a result of this, Markey struggled for game time, playing in 11 of the club's 19 league and cup games, starting just 3 of them as his side finished in 6th place, missing out on European football on the final day of the season. Markey left the club at the end of the season, having made 116 appearances and scoring 4 goals for the Saints.
Drogheda United.
On 29 November 2020, Markey signed for newly promoted Drogheda United ahead of the 2021 season. He made his debut in the opening game of the season, a 1–0 win at home to Waterford on 19 March 2021. His first goal for the club came on 8 May 2021, opening the scoring in a 7–0 win away to Waterford at the RSC as the home side fielded their under-19 squad due to a COVID-19 outbreak in the first team squad.
International career.
Markey played for the Republic of Ireland U17 and Republic of Ireland U18 team as well as the Republic of Ireland schools team, which he was called up to for his performances for his school, Coláiste Phádraig in Lucan. He was nominated for the FAI School's International Player of the Year in March 2016 but lost out to Connor Ellis.
Career statistics.
"Professional appearances – correct as of 16 September 2021."
Honours.
Club.
St Patrick's Athletic

</doc>
<doc id="56905939" url="?curid=56905939" title="A Capitol Death">
A Capitol Death

A Capitol Death is a historical novel by British writer Lindsey Davis, the seventh in her Flavia Albia series. It was published in the UK by Hodder &amp; Stoughton on 4 April 2019 () .
The cover of the UK hardback 1st edition shows a sea shell, likely to be the dye-producing bolinus brandaris, on a purple, perhaps bloodstained, background.
The tale is set in November AD 89 on the Capitoline Hill, and includes a death by falling from the Tarpeian Rock, a stinking family of shell-fish boilers who produce the imperial purple dye, the preparations for Domitian's double triumph, family relationships, and augury, while Flavia and her husband are setting up their new household.
In an interview with her editor Oliver Johnson, Davis discussed her successful plan to base a series of books on the seven hills of Rome, starting with the Aventine Hill and reaching the Capitoline Hill with this latest book.

</doc>
<doc id="56905950" url="?curid=56905950" title="Ali Ertürk">
Ali Ertürk

Ali Ertürk (born September 1980) is a neuroscientist, inventor, and artist living in Munich, Germany. He is the director of a new Helmholtz Institute on Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine (iTERM) in Munich since July 2019. After his undergraduate study at Bilkent University in Ankara, he joined Max-Planck-Institute for Neurobiology for his PhD and Genentech Inc. for postdoctoral research.
His is known for invention of DISCO tissue transparency technology and deep learning based analysis of large 3D images in biomedicine. The methods collectively target to analyze cellular and molecular details of whole organs and bodies. Ertürk is also affiliated with the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and University of Rochester.
Art life.
Ali Ertürk is also known for his landscape and cityscapes photographs. He had photo art 3 exhibitions (2008 Munich, 2012 San Francisco, 2015 Munich).

</doc>
<doc id="56905952" url="?curid=56905952" title="Maryam Behnam">
Maryam Behnam


</doc>
<doc id="56905954" url="?curid=56905954" title="Lesser Brethren">
Lesser Brethren


</doc>
<doc id="56905982" url="?curid=56905982" title="Archaea asgard">
Archaea asgard


</doc>
<doc id="56905984" url="?curid=56905984" title="Canon James Clenaghan">
Canon James Clenaghan


</doc>
<doc id="56905989" url="?curid=56905989" title="Ettore Paratore">
Ettore Paratore

Ettore Paratore (23 August 1907 – 15 October 2000) was an Italian Latinist and academic.
Paratore was born in Chieti, Italy; his father was a doctor and science teacher, while his mother was a professor. He completed his studies in literatures at the University of Palermo in 1927. He later became a professor of Latin literature at the University of Catania. After moving to Rome, he started teaching Greek and Latin grammar at the Sapienza University of Rome.
Paratore wrote groundbreaking works about Latin writers such as Virgil, Tacitus and Petronius. He also focused his writings on the influences of Latin culture on the works by Italian writers as Dante Alighieri, Alessandro Manzoni and Gabriele D'Annunzio. Paratore was a member of the Lincean Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="56905992" url="?curid=56905992" title="Holton High School">
Holton High School

Holton High School is a public high school in Holton, Kansas, United States, operated by Holton USD 336 school district, and serves students of 9 to 12. The school's mascot is a wildcat and the school's colors are blue and white. Rod Wittmer is the school's current principal and about 304 students are enrolled in grades 9-12.
History.
Holton High School had its first graduating class in 1881.
The current Holton High School site was originally home to Campbell College from its opening in 1880, to its merger with Lane University in 1902, until 1913, when it was relocated to Kansas City and merged with Kansas City University. Following the merge, the campus became part of the Holton School District. The college's main building which was torn down, and replaced with a newly-constructed high school.
The high school was grouped as part of the Holton USD 336 public school district, c. 1965.
The school was renovated in 1994 where the gymnasium was temporarily divided up into classrooms. A new recessed gymnasium was later built, with the original school gym converted to a library. Other renovations included a video lab which produced programs for their public access channel.
In 2015, Holton held its 135th commencement exercises where they graduated 80 seniors.
Athletics.
Holton has a long storied history of athletics, especially in football. Holton has won state championships in 2003, 2005, and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="56905994" url="?curid=56905994" title="New Broad Street">
New Broad Street


</doc>
<doc id="56905999" url="?curid=56905999" title="Dewas Rai language">
Dewas Rai language


</doc>
<doc id="56906002" url="?curid=56906002" title="Marl (Conwy electoral ward)">
Marl (Conwy electoral ward)

Marl is the name of one of the electoral wards in the community of Conwy, Conwy County Borough, Wales. It elects representatives to Conwy County Borough Council and Conwy Town Council. The Marl ward covers part of the town of Llandudno Junction to the east of the River Conwy and is one of four county wards included within the boundaries of the community. The wards of Deganwy and Pensarn border Marl, also to the east of the river. Conwy ward lies on the opposite side of the river, including the walled town of Conwy. To the north of Marl is the Llandudno ward of Penrhyn.
According to the 2011 UK Census the population of the ward was 3,879.
County council elections.
The ward elects two county councillors to Conwy County Borough Council and, at the May 2017 election, one seat was won by the Welsh Liberal Democrats and the other by the Welsh Labour Party. The Labour councillor, Mike Priestly, had previously represented the ward since 2004 as a Liberal Democrat. He had defected to the Labour Party in 2014 and, being a former trade union official, described it as "coming back to my roots". Local chiropodist Sue Shotter had won her seat from the Conservatives at a by-election in January 2011 and held it ever since.
2011 by-election.
A by-election took place on Thursday 20 January 2011, after Conservative councillor Linda Hurr had stood down on health grounds.
Town Council elections.
For the purposes of elections to Conwy Town Council, Marl ward elects or co-opts a total of four town councillors.

</doc>
<doc id="56906013" url="?curid=56906013" title="Volatility Tax">
Volatility Tax


</doc>
<doc id="56906018" url="?curid=56906018" title="Simisola Shittu">
Simisola Shittu

Oluwasimisola "Simisola" Shittu (born 7 November 1999) is a British-born Canadian professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Vanderbilt Commodores. He was one of the top-ranked players in the high school class of 2018.
Early life.
Shittu was born in Harrow, London to a family of Nigerian and Caribbean heritage. He moved to Canada when he was five years old. Shittu then moved to the United States before his freshman year to play higher competition.
College career.
Shittu had an underwhelming freshmen year. After Darius Garland tore his meniscus during a game against Kent State, the team went 5–23 including a 0–18 in conference play. His draft stock dropped dramatically over the season. Shittu averaged 10.9 points, 6.7 rebounds, and 1.8 assists per game.
Professional career.
Windy City Bulls (2019–2020).
After going undrafted in the 2019 NBA draft, Shittu joined the Memphis Grizzlies for the 2019 NBA Summer League. On October 4, 2019, Shittu signed with the Chicago Bulls. He was waived in training camp, but assigned to the Bulls’ NBA G League affiliate, the Windy City Bulls. In the final home game of the season, Shittu had 32 points and 21 rebounds in a loss to the Canton Charge.
On December 6, 2020, the Chicago Bulls re-signed Shittu on a non-guaranteed deal. On December 18, 2020, Shittu had a career high 13 points and 6 rebounds in a win against the Oklahoma City Thunder. He was waived at the end of training camp, 
Westchester Knicks (2021).
On January 21, 2021, he was included in the roster of the Westchester Knicks.

</doc>
<doc id="56906021" url="?curid=56906021" title="Sine Ergün">
Sine Ergün

Sine Ergün (born 1982) is a Turkish writer. She has published three books till date. Her second book "Bazen Hayat" won the Sait Faik Short Story Award, while her third book "Baştankara" won the EU Prize for Literature. She has edited "Notos" magazine, and is the founding director of the art initiative Maumau.

</doc>
<doc id="56906043" url="?curid=56906043" title="Troy High School (Kansas)">
Troy High School (Kansas)

Troy High School is in Troy, Kansas. The school's mascot is a Trojan.
Supreme Court Justice Charles Evans Whittaker attended Troy High School until his mother died on his 16th birthday and he dropped out to work with his father on the farm and hunt game.

</doc>
<doc id="56906053" url="?curid=56906053" title="Lakes class cutter">
Lakes class cutter


</doc>
<doc id="56906055" url="?curid=56906055" title="Sukiyaki (disambiguation)">
Sukiyaki (disambiguation)

Sukiyaki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56906057" url="?curid=56906057" title="Paperbark (video game)">
Paperbark (video game)

Paperbark is an Australian point-and-click exploration video game by Paper House, released June 2018.
Development.
The game was originally created as the final year project of RMIT game design students Ryan Boulton (programmer), Nina Bennett (artist) and Terry Burdak, who founded the indie development studio Paper House. They wanted the game to look like a storybook, and used Boulton's work as he had already been developing watercolour-inspired rendering techniques. Burdak suggested the inspiration of children's books. The trio grew up in regional Victoria, and aimed to make a game that looked like the places they knew. The watercolour art style is reminiscent of nature-centric Australian children's books like "Blinky Bill", "Diary of a Wombat" and "Possum Magic." Reflecting on their time at RMIT, Burdak explained: "“It has a supportive community, which allowed us to experiment and create a game that explores our personal ideas about Australia and story-telling in a digital format."
After graduating from university, they showed an early prototype to different gaming conferences, and discovered the government organisation Film Victoria, which offers funding to game development, among other creative projects. After securing a Film Victoria grant in 2015, the team could quit their day jobs, form a company, and devote their time to finishing the game. They brought on various freelancers, including an ecologist who checked if the various plants and animals were native to the bush. The team also hired a children's book author (whose identity is currently kept secret) in order to elevate the narrative elements of the game.
Plot and gameplay.
The plot centres around a sleepy wombat exploring Australian bushland, encountering various flora and fauna along the way.
Players tap the screen to move the character, and as they do more pieces of the path are made visible. According to Gamasutra, "information unfolds on screen in curt but elegantly simple sentences".
Critical reception.
Mashable felt the game offers a "more detailed representation of the Australian bush than we've seen in other games", comparing it to "Forza Horizon 3" which showcased the deserts, rainforests and coastlines that are more commonly portrayed. Finder deemed its art style as both "striking" and "impressive". The ABC noted that while Australian developers have often struggled to create games that are "quintessentially Australian", "Paperbark" offers an exception to the rule. Pixel Pop Network likened the game's storytelling through visuals to children's books like Animalia, Bamboozled, and Where's Wally. Kokatu singled out the game when discussing a video game project that is unconcerned with money, instead having a sole goal to present honest representation of an Australian landscape. Speaking of the game's educational potential, Gamasutra suggested its application as a teaching aid in a kindergarten or early primary school biology class.
Awards and nominations.
The game was a student entrant in the 2016 Independent Games Festival. It was also nominated for "Australian Developed Game of the Year" at the Australian Games Awards 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56906058" url="?curid=56906058" title="Dubai World Central – Al Maktoum International Airport">
Dubai World Central – Al Maktoum International Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56906060" url="?curid=56906060" title="2017–18 Texas–Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros women's basketball team">
2017–18 Texas–Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros women's basketball team

The 2017–18 Texas–Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros women's basketball team represented the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. This was head coach Larry Tidwell's fifth season along with the third under the UTRGV label. The Vaqueros played their home games at the UTRGV Fieldhouse and were members of the Western Athletic Conference. The team finished seventh in the WAC after going 4–10 while finishing 14–16 overall.
On April 21 Tidwell resigned from his position to accept the job for the Chief of Staff for the women's basketball program at Texas Tech. He finished at UTRGV with a 5 year record of 85–75
Schedule.
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| WAC regular season
!colspan=9 style="background:#; color:white;"| WAC Women's Tournament
See also.
2017–18 Texas–Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros men's basketball team

</doc>
<doc id="56906063" url="?curid=56906063" title="Caleb Martin (basketball)">
Caleb Martin (basketball)

Caleb Martin (born September 28, 1995) is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the NC State Wolfpack and the Nevada Wolf Pack. He is the twin brother of Cody Martin. He was named the Mountain West Conference Player of the Year for the 2017–18 season by the league's coaches.
High school career.
Martin, a 6'5 small forward from Mocksville, North Carolina, played basketball for prep powerhouse Oak Hill Academy with twin brother Cody Martin. Prior to playing at Oak Hill, Caleb and his brother played three seasons at Davie County High School in Mocksville. He also played football his Freshman year of high school. The two committed to North Carolina State University to play for coach Mark Gottfried.
College career.
As a sophomore, Martin averaged 11.5 points and 4.7 rebounds per game. Following that season, the Martin twins chose to transfer to Nevada to play for coach Eric Musselman.
After sitting out the 2016–17 season due to NCAA transfer rules, Martin became eligible the following year. He averaged 19.5 points per game in his debut season, being named Mountain West Conference Player of the Year from the league's coaches and Newcomer of the Year from both coaches and league media. He shared Player of the Year honors with Boise State's Chandler Hutchison, who received the MW media version of the award. Martin led the Wolf Pack to a regular season conference championship and a Top 25 ranking. He and his brother then led the team to the 2018 NCAA Tournament, where they advanced to the Sweet 16 after coming back from double-digits in wins over Texas and Cincinnati. After finishing out his junior season, Martin and his brother both tested out the 2018 NBA draft and were in the NBA Draft Combine that year, but both ultimately decided to return for their senior seasons.
Coming into his senior season, Martin was named Preseason Mountain West Player of the Year. Martin averaged 19.2 points per game, 5.1 rebounds, and 2.8 assists. He led Nevada to a 29–5 (15–3 MW) record. Martin’s college career ended with a loss in the First Round of the NCAA Tournament to Florida 61–70. Martin was named to First-Team All Mountain West following the season along with fellow teammate Jordan Caroline.
Professional career.
Charlotte Hornets (2019–2021).
After going undrafted in the 2019 NBA Draft, Martin signed with the Charlotte Hornets on July 31, 2019. He joined his brother Cody, who was selected in the second round of the draft. On October 19, 2019, the Hornets converted Martin's contract into a two-way contract. Later the same day, Martin agreed to a multi-year deal with the Hornets and was converted to a standard deal. On October 25, 2019, Martin made his debut in the NBA, coming off from bench in a 99–121 loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves with four points, two rebounds, three assists, two blocks and a steal.
On November 27, 2019, Martin received his first assignment to the Hornets NBA G League affiliate, the Greensboro Swarm.
On August 7, 2021, Martin was waived by the Hornets.
Miami Heat (2021–present).
On September 14, 2021, Martin signed with the Miami Heat, on a two-way contract with the Sioux Falls Skyforce.

</doc>
<doc id="56906067" url="?curid=56906067" title="Bonetta class sloop">
Bonetta class sloop


</doc>
<doc id="56906074" url="?curid=56906074" title="Chieti–Madonna delle Piane railway station">
Chieti–Madonna delle Piane railway station

Chieti–Madonna delle Piane is a railway station in Chieti, Italy. The station opened on 30 March 2016 and is located on the Rome–Sulmona–Pescara railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
Train services.
The station is served by the following service(s):

</doc>
<doc id="56906081" url="?curid=56906081" title="Type 22 class frigate">
Type 22 class frigate


</doc>
<doc id="56906093" url="?curid=56906093" title="1998-99 Spartan South Midlands Football League">
1998-99 Spartan South Midlands Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56906097" url="?curid=56906097" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's high jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Women's high jump


</doc>
<doc id="56906098" url="?curid=56906098" title="Kluane / Wrangell-St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek ice field">
Kluane / Wrangell-St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek ice field


</doc>
<doc id="56906099" url="?curid=56906099" title="Bentson">
Bentson

Bentson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="56906101" url="?curid=56906101" title="Howard Beach-JFK">
Howard Beach-JFK


</doc>
<doc id="56906102" url="?curid=56906102" title="Latona class minelayer">
Latona class minelayer


</doc>
<doc id="56906103" url="?curid=56906103" title="2005 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
2005 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56906104" url="?curid=56906104" title="2018-19 Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team">
2018-19 Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56906105" url="?curid=56906105" title="Anomia tridentata">
Anomia tridentata


</doc>
<doc id="56906106" url="?curid=56906106" title="2003 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
2003 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56906108" url="?curid=56906108" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's pole vault">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's pole vault

The men's pole vault event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56906111" url="?curid=56906111" title="Chieti-Madonna delle Piane railway station">
Chieti-Madonna delle Piane railway station


</doc>
<doc id="56906112" url="?curid=56906112" title="List of members of the National Assembly of Zambia (1978-83)">
List of members of the National Assembly of Zambia (1978-83)


</doc>
<doc id="56906114" url="?curid=56906114" title="Birmingham class cruiser">
Birmingham class cruiser


</doc>
<doc id="56906116" url="?curid=56906116" title="2017-18 Texas-Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros women's basketball team">
2017-18 Texas-Rio Grande Valley Vaqueros women's basketball team


</doc>
<doc id="56906118" url="?curid=56906118" title="John Calcraft (1831-1868)">
John Calcraft (1831-1868)


</doc>
<doc id="56906122" url="?curid=56906122" title="Kluane / Wrangell-St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek Ice Field">
Kluane / Wrangell-St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek Ice Field


</doc>
<doc id="56906125" url="?curid=56906125" title="Surrey Dispensary">
Surrey Dispensary

The Surrey Dispensary was founded in 1777 to administer advice and medicine to the poor of the Borough of Southwark and places adjacent. It was once one of the largest dispensaries in south London.
History.
The Dispensary was founded in Montague Close, Southwark, near St Saviour's Church, in 1777 to administer advice and medicine to the poor of the Borough of Southwark and places adjacent. Southwark was at that time part of the county of Surrey. Between 2 March 1778 and 30 April 1782 it admitted 10,978 patients of which 8,624 were "cured" and 404 died. In addition 5,405 were attended at home. In 1782, when its president was the Rt. Hon. Lord Onslow, it issued a prospectus to raise subscriptions. It explained that,
The poor constitute an important part of every large community, and justly merit the attention and assistance of the rich; especially in sickness, when they are rendered incapable of supporting themselves and their families. Hard labour, unwholesome food, want of proper clothing, and exposure to the vicissitudes of air and weather, subject them to many disorders unknown to those whose affluence can procure the conveniences of life.
Following the issue of the prospectus, the Dispensary moved to a purpose-built building in Union Street in 1784, and then to Great Dover Street in 1840 when its lease was about to expire.
In 1842, more than 1,000 patients were attended at home by the physicians and surgeons and in addition there were 514 midwifery cases. The dispensary saw about 300 patients each day. In 1845, its management included the Earl of Egmont as president, 12 vice presidents, three trustees, a treasurer, four physicians and other medical officers. Between 2 March 1778 and 1 January 1845, 235,489 patients were admitted. Of these, 16,000 "partially benefited" and 205,024 were "cured". It was once one of the largest dispensaries in south London.
In 1844, C.J.B. Aldis, a Surrey Dispensary medical officer, gave evidence to the Royal Commission on the State of Large Towns and Populous Districts in which he reported that the Dispensary had four physicians and saw around 7,000 cases annually. Diseases seen included fever, inflammatory affections, derangements of the intestinal canal, scrofula and smallpox. He also commented that while bleeding could be done freely in rural and suburban town districts, it should not be attempted in the "depressed districts". He admitted to frequently visiting places where excrement accumulated for months or remained in streets until the showers of rain washed it away. 
In 1927 the dispensary moved to the corner of Falmouth Road and Trinity Street where its former building is grade II listed with Historic England. The building became a private residence in 1971.
Physicians.
Physicians who worked at the Dispensary include John Sims (1782), William Hawes (1782), Isaac Buxton (1800s, founder of the Royal Chest Hospital), James Sims, and Charles Aldis (1843). Buxton was noted for having "no rowdiness" in his clinics.
Legacy.
, a charity still exists by the name of the Surrey Dispensary which makes small grants to the sick, convalescent, disabled or infirm of north Southwark. Since January 2019 the fund has been administered by another local charity, the St George the Martyr Charity.

</doc>
<doc id="56906126" url="?curid=56906126" title="Coast Guard Beach (Eastham, Massachusetts)">
Coast Guard Beach (Eastham, Massachusetts)

Coast Guard Beach is part of the Cape Cod National Seashore in Eastham, Massachusetts. From mid-June to Labor Day, the parking area at this location is closed to all but park staff and visitors who are disabled, and access is provided by shuttle bus from the Little Creek parking area (across from the Doane Area). Although the parking lot at Coast Guard Beach is open the remainder of the year, parking is limited. There are seasonal restrooms and a wheelchair-accessible rampway to the beach.
Coast Guard Beach is popular among locals and tourists for surfing and boogie boarding. It is one of five Cape Cod National Seashore beaches that are on the ocean side of the Cape, generally providing a better surf than beaches on the bay side. Low tide exposes a fairly flat stretch of beach, making it also popular for skimboarding.
History.
The Outer Beach.
The outer beach, or "backside," of Cape Cod has been the notorious graveyard for more than 3,000 ships since the wreck of the "Sparrowhawk" in 1626. The high cost in lives and property demanded by the sands of Cape Cod, led to the establishment of the Massachusetts Humane Society in 1786, the first organization in the nation devoted to the rescue and assistance of shipwrecked mariners. The Humane Society established shelter huts along the coast; later, it built lifeboat stations where surfboats, line-throwing guns, and other lifesaving gear were stored for the use of volunteer crews in times of emergency.
In 1848, the Congress appropriated funds for the first time to construct, equip and maintain similar stations in New Jersey. From 1848 until 1872, Congress provided the money to build more stations along the eastern seaboard and the Great Lakes. The stations in Massachusetts continued to be administered by the Massachusetts Humane Society, but the federal government subsidized its operation. The continued frequent loss of life along the nation's shores led Congress, in 1871–1872, to reorganize the Life Saving Service, a place it on a full-time professional basis. The construction and manning of nine stations on the "backside" of Cape Cod was provided for in the Federal budget of 1871.
One of the original nine stations was constructed at Nauset. It was located about 350 yards southeast of the present building. Shoreline erosion compelled the construction of a new station. The old station remained in service until 1937, when it was replaced by the present structure. The present building was in service as a Coast Guard Station until 1958. The first headquarters of the Cape Cod National Seashore opened in this building in 1961.
The Outermost House.
About two miles south, on the outer beach, stood the cottage where author Henry Beston lived while gathering the material for his book, "The Outermost House", published in 1928. The book describes life on the outer beach during all four seasons.
The house was designed by Henry Beston in 1925. He took meticulous care with every detail because he intended his house to sit on the dune solid as a good ship. The little house, called the Fo'c'sle by Henry Beston, was 21 ft. long by 16 ft. wide and consisted of two rooms, a main room and a bedroom. There were windows on all four sides, giving wonderful views of the entire area, and a little porch along the front.
Henry Beston gave the property to the Massachusetts Audubon Society in 1959. It was occupied in summer by Audubon members who cherished their solitude as much as did Henry Beston.
Unfortunately, the sea claimed the cottage during a ferocious northeasterly storm in the winter of 1978.
The Great Storm of 1978.
It was more than people expected, and yet Cape Cod was lucky. For despite all the damage, the worst of the storm lay to the west, where a huge area of Massachusetts and neighboring states was buried under two-to four feet of snow.
On the Cape, the winds increased on Monday, until they peaked at 6 p.m., clocking 92 miles per hour at Chatham. Coastline damage was inevitable. Wind was the destructive element Monday, but, beginning at midnight, a high tide on a new moon combined with the storm-generated waves to produce a tide some 14.5 feet above mean low water. The storm waves on this high tide pounded the Great Beach with as much impact and overwash as any storm in this century.
Storm waves virtually obliterated the parking lot and changing room complex at Coast Guard Beach. Waves repeatedly swept over the most of Nauset Spit as well. In the process, four houses were destroyed, including The Outermost House, made famous by Henry Beston's book of the same name. Most of the wind-built dunes of Nauset Spit were reduced to low mounds. Now, they barely rose high enough above high tide to separate Nauset Marsh from the sea.
This process of overwash is normal—in the geologic sense. It is the way a spit retreats when it is attached to a retreating coastline. In effect, the sand that comprises the spit is turned over upon itself. The spit retains its shape, and in this case, the marsh behind it remains protected and continues to be an incredibly rich, productive marine nursery for such animals as flounder, striped bass, scallops and quahogs. The concern now is to see the beach recover sufficiently to protect Nauset Marsh. For, without the spit, the marsh would no longer exist. This recovery process involves the build-up of dunes behind the beach by the wind, and the stabilization of these dunes by the growth of beach grass.
In the 1980s, the National Park Service built a new parking lot well away from the beach, to allow the natural give-and-take processes of erosion to continue in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="56906136" url="?curid=56906136" title="Attacker class aircraft carrier">
Attacker class aircraft carrier


</doc>
<doc id="56906137" url="?curid=56906137" title="1967-68 Yorkshire Football League">
1967-68 Yorkshire Football League


</doc>
<doc id="56906140" url="?curid=56906140" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's high jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships - Men's high jump


</doc>
<doc id="56906143" url="?curid=56906143" title="Conus damottai galeao">
Conus damottai galeao


</doc>
<doc id="56906144" url="?curid=56906144" title="2001 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles">
2001 World Table Tennis Championships - Women's Doubles


</doc>
<doc id="56906146" url="?curid=56906146" title="2018 Dublin Senior Football Championship">
2018 Dublin Senior Football Championship

The 2018 Dublin Senior Football Championship was the 132nd edition of Dublin GAA's premier Gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Dublin, Ireland. 31 teams participate (16 in Senior 1 and 15 in Senior 2), with the winner of Senior 1 representing Dublin in the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship. The draw for the group stages of the championship were made on 21 March 2018.
No team was promoted from the 2017 I.F.C. due to the rule that no reserve side who wins the I.F.C. (in this case Na Fianna 'B') can be promoted to the S.F.C.
St. Vincent's were the defending champions having defeated Ballymun Kickhams in the previous year's final.
Team Changes.
The following teams have changed division since the 2017 championship season. 
To S.F.C..
Promoted from 2017 Dublin Intermediate Football Championship
From S.F.C..
Relegated to 2018 Dublin Intermediate Football Championship
Withdrew from Dublin Championships
Format changes for 2018.
In 2018 the Dublin S.F.C. moved away from the straight knock-out format used in previous years. The championship was split into two sections called the Senior 1 and Senior 2 Football Championships. Teams were graded as Senior 1 or 2 depending on their performances in the previous five Dublin S.F.C.s.
Senior 1 Football Championship.
16 teams compete in 4 randomly drawn groups of 4. The top 2 teams in each group qualify for the S.1.F.C. Quarter-Finals, with the outright winner of the S.1.F.C. representing Dublin in the Leinster S.C.F.C. The bottom teams in each of the four groups contest the relegation play-offs with the losers of the relegation final being relegated to the 2019 S.2.F.C.
Senior 2 Football Championship.
15 teams compete in 3 randomly drawn groups of 4 and 1 group of 3 (due to the withdrawal of U.C.D. from the Dublin Championships). The top 2 teams in each group qualify for the S.2.F.C. Quarter-Finals, with the outright winner of the S.2.F.C. winning promotion to the 2019 Dublin S.1.F.C. The bottom teams in each of the four groups contest the relegation play-offs with the losers of the relegation final being relegated to the 2019 I.F.C.
Intermediate Football Championship.
All reserve sides who played in previous I.F.C.'s will now compete in a separate competition among themselves known as the "All-County Intermediate Football Championship" (A.C.I.F.C.). All 16 first-teams compete in a separate championship in 4 randomly drawn groups of 4. The top 2 teams in each group qualify for the I.F.C. Quarter-Finals, with the outright winner of the I.F.C. winning promotion to the 2019 Dublin S.2.F.C. The bottom teams in each of the four groups contest the relegation play-offs with the losers of the relegation final being relegated to the 2019 Junior Football 1 Championship.
Junior 1 Football Championship.
All reserve sides who played in previous J.F.C.'s will now compete in a separate competition among themselves known as the "All-County Junior 1 Football Championship" (A.C.J.1.F.C.). All 16 first-teams compete in a separate championship in 4 randomly drawn groups of 4. The top 2 teams in each group qualify for the J.1.F.C. Quarter-Finals, with the outright winner of the J.1.F.C. winning promotion to the 2019 Dublin I.F.C. The bottom teams in each of the forum groups contest the relegation play-offs with the losers of the relegation final being relegated to the 2019 J.2.F.C.
Senior 1 Football Championship.
Group A.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group B.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group C.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group D.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Senior 1 Football Championship Knock-Out Stage.
Quarter-Finals.
St. Jude's, St. Sylvester's, Kilmacud Crokes, St. Vincent's, Na Fianna, Castleknock, Ballymun and Ballyboden qualified for the last eight of the Dublin Senior Football Championship.
Senior 1 Football Championship Relegation Playoffs.
Relegation Semi-Finals.
The relegation semi finals were cancelled as Parnells conceded relegation to the Senior 2 Football Championship for 2019. Clontarf, St. Oliver Plunkett's Eoghan Ruadh and Lucan Sarsfields retained their Senior 1 status and will compete in the 2019 Senior 1 Football Championship. 
Senior 2 Football Championship.
Group A.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group B.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group C.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Group D.
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3

</doc>
<doc id="56906148" url="?curid=56906148" title="Val Eastwood">
Val Eastwood

Val Eastwood (17-8-1927 – 10-12-2009) was a dancer, swimwear model and author best known for operating a series of cafes through the 1950s to 1970s that became a gathering point for Melbourne's gay and lesbian community. She described herself as "outrageous", was openly lesbian, and regularly wore men's suits with lipstick in public.
As a teenager, Eastwood ran her own dancing school in Ivanhoe, before working with Tivoli Theatre in the CBD, then becoming partner in the Betty Lee Academy of dance at the age of 17.
Eastwood opened her first cafe, Val's Coffee Lounge, in her mid twenties, at 123 Swanston Street in Melbourne's CBD. This was a rare venue which welcomed the "camp" community, which was otherwise underground. Initially a single, upstairs floor which seated 80, it expanded to cover two levels, open from morning until late at night, at a time when evening alcohol sales were forbidden. The coffee lounge catered to theatre audiences, and particularly gay people. There was a weekly live music concert.
Over the next two decades, this was followed by Cafe 31 in St Kilda, Cafe Ad Lib in South Yarra, and Val's Restaurant in Hawthorn.
In the 1960s she began writing short stories, a collection of which were published in 2009 as "The Travelling Mind of Val Eastwood", by the Australian Lesbian and Gay Archives.
In 2009, the name Val's Cafe was used for a government-funded program to support ageing LGBTI people in health and wellbeing.

</doc>
<doc id="56906149" url="?curid=56906149" title="Ingrid Aunet Tyldum">
Ingrid Aunet Tyldum


</doc>
<doc id="56906151" url="?curid=56906151" title="Chromodoris francoisae">
Chromodoris francoisae


</doc>
<doc id="56906155" url="?curid=56906155" title="Famous class United States Coast Guard Cutter">
Famous class United States Coast Guard Cutter


</doc>
<doc id="56906159" url="?curid=56906159" title="Ray Mill, Stalybridge">
Ray Mill, Stalybridge

Ray Mill was a mill in Stalybridge, UK. A five-storey, electrically driven red brick spinning mill built in 1907. It contained 66,528 ring spindles and 9000 doubling spindles. Together with Premier Mill it was using of electricity. The syndicate of owners also owned Victor Mill and Premier Mill. In 1911 the three companies merged to form Victor Mill Ltd which employed 1500 people. Ray was spinning medium counts from American cotton. By 1950 the company was part of the Fine Spinners and Doublers Association, and was taken over by Courtaulds in 1960 and was still in production until 1982. On 17 March 2018, a huge devastating fire broke out in the mill which took over 50 firefighters from across Greater Manchester to deal with. 
The building housed 15 businesses at the time of the fire. The building was largely destroyed by the fire and subsequently demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="56906164" url="?curid=56906164" title="Terebra divisa">
Terebra divisa


</doc>
<doc id="56906165" url="?curid=56906165" title="Allan Sloane">
Allan Sloane

Allan Everett Sloane (June 14, 1914 – April 29, 2001) was a writer for radio and television.
Early life.
He was born to Benjamin and Rachel Wisansky Silverman in New York City and grew up in New Jersey. After completing college, he became a newspaper journalist in 1936, writing for the Cape Cod Colonial, Parade, and the Philadelphia Bulletin.
Prior to serving in the U.S.Army during World War II, Sloane began writing scripts for radio, including service-action shows like "The Man Behind the Gun" (for which he dramatized the Allied landing on Sicily the day after the invasion, winning a 1943 Peabody Award), "Top Secret" and "Indictment". Sloane also wrote scripts for United Nations Radio and the United Jewish Appeal after the war, focusing on displaced persons in Europe.
Blacklisted.
In November 1952, he was blacklisted by CBS, which stopped all his radio script-work. Sloane appeared as a voluntary "friendly witness" for the House Un-American Activities Committee on January 13, 1954. For several decades thereafter, he used the pseudonym "Ellison Carrol" to avoid blacklist-related publicity.
His early radio work with actor Irving Pichel led to a job as researcher for the 1953 film Martin Luther, for which he shared a nomination for the 1954 Writers' Guild "Best American Drama" with Lothar Wolff.
Television Writer.
He began writing episodes for television series in 1954-55, among them Crossroads, and Navy Log. He is credited with creating the 1966 series "Hawk", which featured Burt Reynolds as the title character, as well as guest appearances by Gene Hackman, Robert Duvall, and Diane Baker.
During the 1960s, he was well-enough considered to be asked to write the TV adaptation of Johnny Belinda, as well as scripts for TV theatre. Much of Sloane's later writing was longer-form shows (1+ hours) dealing with the situations of special individuals, including autism ("And James Was A Very Small Snail"), Downs' syndrome ("This Is My Son", and "Emily, Emily"), displaced persons ("Eleven Memory Street"), gifted children ("Sit Down and Shut Up, or Get Out"), and sickle-cell anemia ("To All My Friends On Shore").
Recognition.
Using the pseudonym "Ellison Carrol", he was nominated for an Emmy for his 1963 Breaking Point screenplay "And James Was A Very Small Snail"; and again in 1969 for the Hallmark Hall of Fame (episode 81) "Teacher, Teacher". In 1972, he won the Emmy for Outstanding Writing Achievement in Drama (Original Teleplay) with "To All My Friends On Shore".
His papers are held in the Hargrett Library at the University of Georgia. Recordings of a number of his radio shows, and some lectures are maintained in the Walter J. Brown Media Archives and Peabody Collection, also at the University of Georgia.
Personal life.
Post-war, Sloane lived on Long Island, and commuted to New York (although he shared a small apartment in Manhattan with fellow-writer Alvin Boretz). He soon moved his family to New Canaan, Connecticut, where he lived for much of his professional life. He and his wife Elouise had three sons (one of whom was autistic).

</doc>
<doc id="56906166" url="?curid=56906166" title="1975 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1975 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1975 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1975 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1975 Lumberjacks were led by head coach Bud Van Deren in his 10th season. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of seven wins and three losses (7–3, 4–1 FWC). The Lumberjacks outscored their opponents 240–156 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1976 NFL Draft.
The following finished their college career in 1975, were not drafted, but played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="56906169" url="?curid=56906169" title="Acme class coastal minesweeper">
Acme class coastal minesweeper


</doc>
<doc id="56906177" url="?curid=56906177" title="Trefoil class concrete barge">
Trefoil class concrete barge


</doc>
<doc id="56906183" url="?curid=56906183" title="YMS-1 class auxiliary motor minesweeper">
YMS-1 class auxiliary motor minesweeper


</doc>
<doc id="56906187" url="?curid=56906187" title="Donna Hill">
Donna Hill

Donna Hill is an American author of romance, mystery, and women's fiction. She has written over seventy novels, twenty short stories, and edited multiple anthologies. Three of Hill's novels ("Intimate Betrayal, Masquerade, A Private Affair") have been adapted for screen.
Personal life.
Hill cites the works of Bernice McFadden, Jesmyn Ward, Walter Mosley, James Patterson, Jeffery Deaver, Margaret Johnson Hodge, and Patricia Cornwell's early work as some of her inspirations.
Hill is an editor of novels, and two award-winning anthologies. She is also a writing instructor at The Frederick Douglass Creative Arts Center in New York. Hill holds an MFA in Creative Writing from Goddard College and is an Assistant Professor of English at Medgar Evers College, Essex County College and the College of New Rochelle.
Career.
Donna Hill began her career writing novels in 1987, writing "True Confessions", and has since published more than seventy novels and received the RT Career Achievement Award for her books.
In 2009 she launched the e-book venture InnerVision Publishing together with author Pittershawn Palmer, with the intention of focusing on multicultural books.
Selected works.
Hill's first romance novel, "Rooms of the Heart", was published by Odyssey Books in 1990.
Her sixth novel, "Intimate Betrayal," is about Reese, who has lived with repressed-memoria amnesia ever since she lost her parents violently. Her memory gets triggered when she meets Maxwell and learns that their fathers were colleagues working for military intelligence. It was published by Harlequin Kimani Arabesque in 1997. "Intimate Betrayal" was adapted for screen as a TV movie for the BET network, starring Monica Calhoun, Khalil Kain, and Erica Gimpel in 1999.
She is also published under the pen name Olivia Hill.
Bibliography.
As Donna Hill.
Romance
Scandalous Series
Quinten Parker Series
The Ladies Cartel Series
Pause for Men Series
Lawsons of Louisiana Series
Sag Harbor Village Series
Mystery
Tess McDonald Series
Women's Fiction
Anthologies
Romance
Mystery
As Olivia Hill.
Mystery

</doc>
<doc id="56906191" url="?curid=56906191" title="Joseph Haygood Blodgett">
Joseph Haygood Blodgett

Joseph Haygood Blodgett (1858–1934), usually referred to as J. H. Blodgett, was an African American contractor and architect, living and working in Jacksonville, Florida, during the early twentieth century.
Life and career.
Blodgett was born into slavery in Augusta, Georgia on February 8, 1858. As a teenager, he left the farm and went to Summerville, South Carolina, where he initially worked as a laborer but eventually established his own businesses, including a drayage operation and a lumberyard, before turning to farming. After a bankruptcy he relocated to Jacksonville, working for the railroad before resuming some of his earlier business operations, including another lumberyard. In 1898, he went into the contracting business full-time and was responsible for much housing in the expanding city.
After Jacksonville's Great Fire of 1901, which wiped out much of the city proper, Blodgett joined the rapid rebuilding of the city. By 1919 it was estimated that his firm was responsible for more than 250 houses, a number of which he retained as an investment. Most of these were small houses built in predominantly African American neighborhoods of the city, though he was also responsible for a number of larger homes in the Craftsman and Colonial Revival styles, including his own, called "Blodgett Villa," formerly on West 8th Street in Jacksonville. He also was responsible for housing in Georgia, Massachusetts, North Carolina and Oklahoma. Due to declining health, he retired from business in the 1920s. At the time of his death, which occurred June 5, 1934, he was thought to be one of the wealthiest African Americans in Florida.
Many of Blodgett's buildings were destroyed as part of urban renewal efforts in Jacksonville's African American communities. However, some, chiefly residences, do survive:
Personal life and legacy.
In addition to his business success, Blodgett was noted as a community leader. After the 1901 fire, he was a director of a relief organization to coordinate relief within the African American community. Blodgett also supported the local chapter of the Negro Business League, as well as Edward Waters College and his church.
Blodgett was married in 1894, to Sallie A. Barnes of Bamberg, South Carolina.
Blodgett was the namesake of Blodgett Homes, a large 1942-built public housing project in Jacksonville, and also of its replacement, Blodgett Villas.

</doc>
<doc id="56906193" url="?curid=56906193" title="Advanced encryption standard">
Advanced encryption standard


</doc>
<doc id="56906194" url="?curid=56906194" title="Worthiness interview (LDS Church)">
Worthiness interview (LDS Church)


</doc>
<doc id="56906196" url="?curid=56906196" title="LCI(L)-351 class large landing craft">
LCI(L)-351 class large landing craft


</doc>
<doc id="56906198" url="?curid=56906198" title="Africonus fiadeiroi">
Africonus fiadeiroi


</doc>
<doc id="56906199" url="?curid=56906199" title="FS Class 410">
FS Class 410

FS Class 410 were 0-8-0 steam locomotives which the Italian State Railways (FS) acquired from Rete Sicula (the Sicilian Network) on nationalization in 1906.
History.
The class was designed by the Sicula Network Research Office led by engineer Guglielmo Cappa as part of a renewal and unification programme to replace obsolete rolling stock inherited from the previous management. It was designated as a group F, according to the custom that was then to define with letters the group of locomotives according to their function, and numbered from 301 to 325. When they passed to FS, they were registered as Class 420. They had some technical differences from other FS 0-8-0 locomotives, notably the use of Walschaerts valve gear instead of Stephenson.
They were built in three batches and there were some detail differences between batches. The first unit was ordered from Breda in Milan and delivered in 1892 and a further 21 units came from Ansaldo's Sampierdarena factory between 1893 and 1894. Finally in 1903 another batch of 3 locomotives was built and delivered by Officine Meccaniche of Milan. In 1906 the transfer to FS occurred, and the locomotives received the new four-digit markings 4101-4125 which later became 410.001-025. The locomotives spent their working lives on the island of Sicily.
Features.
The Class 410 locomotives, with a power output of 600 hp, were versatile machines and designed for every type of use, although the small wheels (diameter 1200 mm) limited the speed to 45 km/h. They were built for saturated steam and simple expansion with 2 outside cylinders. Steam distribution was by slide valves with Walschaerts valve gear.

</doc>
<doc id="56906202" url="?curid=56906202" title="LCI(L)-351 class landing craft infantry">
LCI(L)-351 class landing craft infantry


</doc>
<doc id="56906209" url="?curid=56906209" title="Cemil Erlertürk">
Cemil Erlertürk


</doc>
<doc id="56906214" url="?curid=56906214" title="Fort Santa Cruz, Oran">
Fort Santa Cruz, Oran


</doc>
<doc id="56906223" url="?curid=56906223" title="Diuris flavescens">
Diuris flavescens

Diuris flavescens, commonly called the pale yellow doubletail or Wingham doubletail, is a species of orchid which is endemic to a small area in New South Wales. It has two linear leaves at its base and up to five pale yellow flowers with dark brown markings. Fewer than 200 plants survive in grassy forest near Wingham.
Description.
"Diuris flavescens" is a tuberous, perennial herb with two linear leaves long, wide and folded lengthwise. Up to five pale yellow flowers with dark brown markings, wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal projects forward and is narrow egg-shaped, long and wide. It is yellow with greenish brown and reddish brown blotches. The lateral sepals are lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, green and brown, long, wide, turned downwards and parallel to, or crossed over each other. The petals are more or less erect, spread apart from each other with an elliptic to almost circular blade long and wide on a curved, green to brown stalk long. The labellum is long and has three lobes. The centre lobe is egg-shaped, wide with reddish brown markings and folded lengthwise. The side lobes are linear to narrow egg-shaped, long and about wide. There are two ridge-like calli about long near the base of the mid-line of the base of the labellum. Flowering occurs in September and October.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Diuris flavescens" was first formally described in 1991 by David Jones from a specimen collected south-east of Wingham and the description was published in "Australian Orchid Research". The specific epithet ("flavescens") is a Latin word meaning "pale yellow", referring to the colour of the flowers of this species.
Distribution and habitat.
The pale yellow doubletail grows in grassy forest in the Wingham district.
Conservation.
"Diuris flavescens" is classified as "critically endangered" under the Australian government "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" and the New South Wales "Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016". The main threats to the species are illegal collecting, weed invasion and habitat disturbance. The staff at the Australian Botanic Garden Mount Annan are working to secure the future of the species by growing it from collected seed with the fungus required by the orchid.

</doc>
<doc id="56906228" url="?curid=56906228" title="Suamico class replenishment oiler">
Suamico class replenishment oiler


</doc>
<doc id="56906230" url="?curid=56906230" title="Shahidul Islam Biswas">
Shahidul Islam Biswas

Shahidul Islam Biswas (1948-2006) is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and the former Member of Parliament from Chuadanga-1.
Birth and family life.
Shahidul Islam Biswas was born on 1948.
Career.
Biswas was a founding member of Bangladesh Jubo Dal. He was the General Secretary of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. He was elected to Parliament in 2001 from Chuadanga-1 as a candidate of Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
Death.
Biswas died on 11 November 2006 in Ibn Sina Clinic, Dhaka, Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="56906231" url="?curid=56906231" title="Rima Brayley">
Rima Brayley

Rima Brayley is a sinuous rille on the moon, centered on selenographic coordinates 22.3°N 36.35°W. It crosses from Oceanus Procellarum in the west, passes close to the north rim of Brayley crater, and passes into Mare Imbrium in the east. The name of the feature was approved by the IAU in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="56906247" url="?curid=56906247" title="Odostomia magnifica">
Odostomia magnifica


</doc>
<doc id="56906248" url="?curid=56906248" title="Tin King (disambiguation)">
Tin King (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56906250" url="?curid=56906250" title="Marxist economic theory">
Marxist economic theory


</doc>
<doc id="56906257" url="?curid=56906257" title="Yuan class submarine">
Yuan class submarine


</doc>
<doc id="56906263" url="?curid=56906263" title="Namibian National Time Trial Championships">
Namibian National Time Trial Championships

The Namibian National Time Trial Championship is a cycling race where the Namibian cyclists decide who will become the champion for the year to come. The winners of each event are awarded with a symbolic cycling jersey, just like the national flag, these colors can be worn by the rider at other road racing events in the country to show their status as national champion. The champion's stripes can be combined into a sponsored rider's team kit design for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="56906264" url="?curid=56906264" title="Sudan the Rhino">
Sudan the Rhino


</doc>
<doc id="56906270" url="?curid=56906270" title="Vladimir G. Berkovich">
Vladimir G. Berkovich


</doc>
<doc id="56906271" url="?curid=56906271" title="Individual animals">
Individual animals


</doc>
<doc id="56906278" url="?curid=56906278" title="1974 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1974 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1974 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1974 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1974 Lumberjacks were led by ninth-year head coach Bud Van Deren. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of four wins and six losses (4–6, 2–3 FWC). The Lumberjacks outscored their opponents 201–200 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
No Humboldt State players were selected in the 1975 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="56906280" url="?curid=56906280" title="Triton kobelti">
Triton kobelti


</doc>
<doc id="56906288" url="?curid=56906288" title="Nature Reserve Pineta Dannunziana">
Nature Reserve Pineta Dannunziana

The Nature Reserve Pineta Dannunziana (informally known as D'Avalos Park) is a nature reserve located in Pescara, Abruzzo, Italy. It was established in 2000.
History.
In 1528, Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, granted the entire area corresponding to the present town of Pescara to Costanza d'Avalos, Duchess of Francavilla. In 1700, the extension of the forest was resized due to the growing urbanization of the city.
In 2001, the Abruzzo region established a nature reserve, protecting the pine forest and covering an area of 53 hectares. The park includes some buildings of historical value, such as the former Aurum factory, a horseshoe-shaped building designed by Giovanni Michelucci in 1939, as well as some Art Nouveau villas. The nature reserve is also the house of the D'Annunzio Theater and the Flaiano Auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="56906291" url="?curid=56906291" title="Lists of individual animals">
Lists of individual animals

There are several lists of individual animals on Wikipedia. These are lists of notable, non-fictional, specific animals (as opposed to groups of categories of animals).

</doc>
<doc id="56906292" url="?curid=56906292" title="Shinca language">
Shinca language


</doc>
<doc id="56906294" url="?curid=56906294" title="Shinca people">
Shinca people


</doc>
<doc id="56906297" url="?curid=56906297" title="Lists of individual organisms">
Lists of individual organisms


</doc>
<doc id="56906298" url="?curid=56906298" title="List of lists of individual organisms">
List of lists of individual organisms


</doc>
<doc id="56906300" url="?curid=56906300" title="Donato Malango">
Donato Malango

Donato Mbuamangongo Malango Dyombe (born 1 August 1977) is a retired Equatoguinean international footballer who played as a midfielder.
Early life.
Malango was born in Los Angeles, California, United States as a result of diplomatic work of his father. He moved with his family to Mozambique for two years and returned later to Equatorial Guinea, where Malango spent his infancy. Being a teenager, he emigrated to Spain.
Club career.
Malango played for Spanish club Villaverde in the 1997-1998 season of the regional division of Madrid.
International career.
On 8 June 2003 Malango (along with his brother Andrés) played for Equatorial Guinea, competing in a 2-1 won against Gabon at the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.
Personal life.
Malango has two brothers, Thomas and Andrés, who were also footballers. They were also born in California. He now lives in Bicester, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="56906306" url="?curid=56906306" title="Xinka language">
Xinka language


</doc>
<doc id="56906311" url="?curid=56906311" title="Tympanotonos radula">
Tympanotonos radula


</doc>
<doc id="56906315" url="?curid=56906315" title="Socket FM2b">
Socket FM2b


</doc>
<doc id="56906318" url="?curid=56906318" title="Merle Egan Anderson">
Merle Egan Anderson

Merle Egan Anderson (born Merle Egan, Smith Center, Kansas 1888, died 1984) was a member of the United States Army Signal Corps' Female Telephone Operators Unit during World War I. She is one of the first 447 female veterans of the U.S. Army. She is credited for persisting in the effort to gain the Operators Unit veterans' status, which was eventually signed into law by President Jimmy Carter in 1977.
She worked as a long-distance telephone operator for Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Company in Helena, Montana.
After the war, she married Hal Anderson and moved to Seattle. She had one child, a son who served in the Marine Corps during the Korean War and died in April 1974 while stationed in the Philippines.
Early life.
Merle Egan was born in Kansas c.1888. After three years of high school, she started work in 1906 as a toll operator at the Brown Palace Hotel in Denver. She then went to work at a public telephone system in Montana, travelling from town to town to fix problems, and eventually became a traffic supervisor.
Military service.
American female switchboard operators in World War I, formally known as the Signal Corps Female Telephone Operators Unit, were needed for telephone communications between military units. These switchboard operators were sworn into the U.S. Army Signal Corps. 
Egan was not among the first group of women to join the Female Telephone Operators Unit because she was not fluent in French. By the summer of 1918, more American-built circuits had been added to locations in France, reducing reliance on French switchboards. When the Signal Corps relaxed the bilingual requirement for new women recruits, Egan enlisted and sailed to France with the fifth operators unit in August, 1918 on the . In France, Egan trained groups of male soldiers to operate magneto switchboards before each group headed to the front. After hostilities ended, Egan operated the telephone exchange for the American Commission to Negotiate Peace at Versailles. She was awarded a special commendation for her work as a Signal Corps operator. Egan's request for discharge was granted in May, 1919.
Efforts for recognition as veterans.
Egan campaigned for Congressional recognition of the Signal Corps telephone operators as military veterans for many years. Although multiple bills had been proposed in Congress, none had passed, with objections such as "too much time had passed", "the cost would be prohibitive", and that it would "establish a precedent". Egan actively petitioned government leaders to support the legislative efforts. At age 79, she continued her involvement with the Women's Overseas Service League, serving as the finance chairperson. She corresponded with Hodding Carter, Chet Huntley, and Harold Say, the editor-in-chief of "Stars and Stripes" who became an advocate for the cause. Her publicity efforts included interviews, speaking to schools, and petitions.
In 1972, Charlotte Gyss Terry, who had also been a telephone operator in France, contacted Egan with information about Army reserve officers who had been sent to Russia in World War I to keep the railways open, but on return in 1920 were told that they had been civilians. When their petitions to Congress were denied, the reserve officers filed a lawsuit, and a federal court ruled in their favor in March, 1971. Terry suggested to Egan that the telephone operators file a similar lawsuit. After Egan gave an interview to the "Seattle Times", attorney Mark Hough contacted her to offer his services. Egan also garnered support from the National Organization for Women and the American Civil Liberties Union. Hough investigated the case "pro bono" for four years and conferred with the attorney for the reservists sent to Russia. In May 1977, the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs heard evidence from Hough, including statements from Egan and other surviving telephone operators. Hough pointed out the costs of the Russian Railway Service Corps case, which the Army had lost on appeal, with the circuit court finding "Members of the Corps wore regulation Army officer' uniforms and insignia" and that "...the wearing of such uniforms and insignia by non-military personnel is prohibited by law."
Despite opposition by the Army, the Veterans Administration, and even the American Legion, the campaign by Anderson, Hough, and others finally resulted in a bill passing and being signed into law by President Jimmy Carter in November, 1977, officially recognizing the veterans' status of the Signal Corps telephone operators. Egan received her official discharge papers in a ceremony at Fort Lawton, Washington, on August 28, 1979, at age 91.

</doc>
<doc id="56906320" url="?curid=56906320" title="Xinca languages">
Xinca languages


</doc>
<doc id="56906329" url="?curid=56906329" title="Xinka people">
Xinka people


</doc>
<doc id="56906330" url="?curid=56906330" title="Dan Canon">
Dan Canon


</doc>
<doc id="56906332" url="?curid=56906332" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's long jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's long jump

The men's long jump event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56906343" url="?curid=56906343" title="Jens Jacob Bregnø">
Jens Jacob Bregnø

 
Jens Jacob Nielsen Bregnø (9 February 1877 – 26 March 1946), often referred to as J. J. Bregnø, was a Danish sculptor and ceramics designer. He collaborated with Bing &amp; Grøndahl, Saxbo and Dahl Jensen Porcelain and also designed silver for Kay Bojesen. He received the Eckersberg Medal in 1919.
Early life and education.
He was born in Hedensted, near Horsens, the son of shoemaker Mads Nielsen (1843–87) and Elise Laursen (1854-31). He changed his surname to Bregnø in 1913. He initially completed an apprenticeship as a joiner and woodcarver in Aarhus and then apprenticed as a stobenason in Stockholm from 1898. He worked as a decorative sculptor in stucco artist Hans Lamberg-Petersen's workshop in Copenhagen from 1902 to 1905 and then continued his studies in Italy, France and Germany until 1908.
Career.
From 1907 to 1911, Bregnø created a number of ceramic works that were burnt in Patrick Nordström's workshop in Islev. He later created numerous statuettes for Bing &amp; Grøndahl in collaboration with the company's artistic director Hans Tegner. He later also worked for Dahl-Jensen and Nathalie Krebs' Saxbo.
Bregnø also created unica works in his own name that were burnt at different workshops, including Saxbo in Herlev and Hjorth in Rønne on Bornholm. He also designed stoneware for Saxbo and silver for Kay Bojesen.
His studio was located at Haraldsgade 18 in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen. He was a member of Kunstforeningen af 18. November.
A Hercules sculpture by Bregnø was installed in Nørrebroparken in 1936. It has later been moved to a new site in Fælledparken. His statue "The Humane Nurse", a monument to Danish norses, was installed in front of Bispebjerg Hospital in 1941.
Personal life.
Bregnø joined the Danish Nazi Party on 28 August 1940. After the war he was blacklisted by former collaborators and received no commissions. He died on 26 March 1946 and is buried in Vestre Cemetery in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="56906345" url="?curid=56906345" title="West African mud creeper">
West African mud creeper


</doc>
<doc id="56906350" url="?curid=56906350" title="Allen sloane">
Allen sloane


</doc>
<doc id="56906352" url="?curid=56906352" title="Mohamed Fourati">
Mohamed Fourati

Mohamed Fourati (Arabic:محمد فراتي) (January 18, 1932 – February 26, 2012) was a Tunisian cardiovascular surgeon. He pioneered in open-heart surgery in the Arab-Muslim world. As a professor and lecturer for 39 years, he taught and mentored a generation of young surgeons in Tunisia.
Biography.
A year after getting his philosophy baccalaureate in his native town Sfax, Mohamed Fourati moved to Lille (France) to pursue his graduate education in the medical school of Lille. In order to validate his studies, he became an intern in the Farhat-Hachad Hospital of Sousse. Traveling between the two continents, he secured, in 1959, a medical doctorate at the medical school of Lille.
He performed his military service, the following year, in the region of El Kef (in north-eastern Tunisia) and in Kébili (southern Tunisia). He continued to specialize in thoracic and cardiovascular surgery at the Saint-Joseph Hospital of Paris. He got assigned to the general surgery unit of doctors and Zouhair Essafi at the Habib-Thameur Hospital in Tunis. In 1961, over the month of July, he worked as a surgeon in the battle of Bizerte, performing surgery on patients 20 hours a day for many days.
He got appointed as hospital assistant in 1966, then earned the title of chief physician of the surgical ward in the Habib-Thameur Hospital in May 1968 and became, at the age of 35, the youngest chief physician in Tunisia. In November of the same year, he performed the first open-heart surgery, favored by a delegation of doctors of the IFTHD (led by Charles Hahn of the Cantonal hospital of Geneva (Switzerland) ).
In 1970, he performed a first in the Arab-Muslim world when implanting a STARR valve (Albert Starr) in mitral position. Three years later, he executed the first double valve replacement, mitral and aortic. In the same year, he got appointed as docent at the medical school of Tunis. Continuing his work, he successfully got, in 1974, his Aggregration in surgery in Paris. On July 11, 1975, he performed an open-heart surgery, filmed and retransmitted on television, in the presence of the president of the Tunisian Republic, Habib Bourguiba.
On January 16, 1980, he got designated as a member of the French National Academy of Surgery. During that year, he formed a cardiac surgery unit in the Habib-Thameur Hospital, independent of other general surgery activities. He earned the title of professor of surgery in 1982. From 1982 to 1984, he chaired the Tunisian Association of Cardiology (ATC) and the offices of the Tunisian Society of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Surgery (STCCCV) from 1983 to 1985. He got appointed as chief physician at the Military Hospital of Tunis in 1989.
On January 15, 1993, at 2 am, he successfully performed the first cardiac transplant, which was considered a notable achievement in the Arab-Muslim world. The context was the following: a young man died in an accident and brain death got attested by a medical examiner after confirmation by 2 electroencephalograms. Having to refer to the appropriate authorities of the Military Hospital and the Ministry of Defence, an authorization to take the organ is given in application of the law n ° 91-22 of March 25, 1991. A race against the clock began to ready the receiver in order to strengthen the chances of carrying out a successful transplant. All the staff involved were mobilized that night for this surgical first. This law of 25 March 1991 states that the removal of organs from a deceased person in a brain-dead state is defined by rigorous criteria. Brain death must be recognized by two independent physicians and be based on the presumption of consent. If the refusal is not clearly expressed, it is possible to remove the organs "for therapeutic purposes". If the will has not been expressed, the law authorizes the family to dispose of the body and to eventually oppose the removal. In Tunisia, the previous legal regulation, in relation to organ harvesting, was the beylical decree of 19 July 1952. The latter concerned only the deceased without acknowledging brain death which was, at the time, an unknown concept.
A year later, Mohamed Fourati retired at the age of 62 and continued to lecture.
On February 26, 2012, he died at the age of 80 at his home in Tunis. Tributes were then paid to his life by administrative, religious and scientific authorities.
Private life.
In 1955, he met and married Michèle Roly, with whom he has four children: the eldest Kamel, doctor and orthopedic and traumatological surgeon in Tunis; Sonia, senior lecturer in mathematics at the Probability and Random Model Laboratory in Paris; Samy, a specialist in nuclear radiology at the Brooklyn Hospital in New York; Neil, agronomist in Tunis.
Passionate about agriculture, Mohamed Fourati bought a "senia" (small farm), in the vicinity of Hammamet, for his vacations and family moments of relaxation .

</doc>
<doc id="56906356" url="?curid=56906356" title="Louise Wotton">
Louise Wotton


</doc>
<doc id="56906358" url="?curid=56906358" title="Oak Grove Jane Doe">
Oak Grove Jane Doe

Oak Grove Jane Doe is an unidentified murder victim found dismembered in the Willamette River south of Portland, Oregon near Oak Grove over a period of several months in 1946. The first discovery consisted of a woman's torso which was found wrapped in burlap, floating near the Wisdom Light moorage on April 12, 1946; this led the media to dub the case the Wisdom Light Murder.
The arms and one thigh of the victim were discovered the following day, April 13, floating against the lock system of Willamette Falls in similar burlap packaging; both the hands and foot had been severed from the limbs and were missing. In July 1946, the second thigh was found in the Willamette near Oregon City, and additional women's clothing believed to be that of the victim was recovered from the Clackamas River around the same time.
In October 1946, the victim's severed head was found in the river near the location of the original torso discovery; her hands and feet were never recovered. Though initially reported to have been a female in her late teens or twenties, a pathologist from the University of Oregon medical school confirmed the victim was a middle-aged caucasian woman between 40 and 50 years old.
The case received national media attention, appearing on the front page of numerous news outlets, but her identity and killer remain unknown. In 2004, her murder case was formally reopened, but remains a cold case. The evidence as well as the woman's remains were lost by law enforcement some time in the 1950s, rendering contemporary DNA testing impossible.
Discovery.
On April 12, 1946, three people walking along the east bank of the Willamette River near Oak Grove, Oregon (immediately south of Dunthorpe, an affluent suburb south of Portland) discovered a burlap sack floating in an eddy offshore. Inside, they found the torso of a caucasian female, along with several articles of clothing including an overcoat, long underwear, and a dark sweater. The package had been wound with rope and wire, and also contained curtain sash weights. Initially, the individuals who found the sack believed it was a "sack of drowned kittens."
The following day, April 13, the woman's right thigh and both arms were discovered in the river in similar burlap packaging, floating above Willamette Falls, approximately from the location where the torso was discovered. Sash weights were also discovered in the package containing the arms and thigh, and it had been wound with telephone wire. The hands had been severed from the arms, and the foot severed from the leg, neither of which could be located. Two fishermen made the discovery, and told authorities they had noticed the burlap package floating in the area at least 30 days prior, but did not immediately find it suspicious. However, after reading of the discovery of the torso downstream, they returned to the area and found the package still floating against the falls' lock system, after which they notified law enforcement. Police searched the area around the falls, and made plaster casts of footprints found in the mud along the bank near where the arms and leg were found.
Three months later, in late July 1946, the victim's left thigh was discovered floating under the Oregon City Bridge near McLoughlin Boulevard. On July 29, 1946, the "Albany Democrat-Herald" reported that bundles of women's clothing had also been discovered in the Clackamas River, a tributary of the Willamette. This led detectives to suspect that the perpetrator had possibly disposed of the body in both rivers.
In September, "what appeared to be fragments of a human scalp" were discovered near Willamette Falls. The following month, on October 13, 1946, a package containing the woman's severed head was found near the location her torso had been discovered by a married couple from Oak Grove. The hands and feet of the woman were never recovered.
At the time, the murder was referred to by the media as the Wisdom Light Murder, based on the fact that the torso had been discovered near the Wisdom Light moorage.
Investigation.
Initial findings.
Ray Rilance, the Clackamas County coroner who first examined the torso, estimated the victim to be in her "teens or early twenties," and weighing around . Rilance told the media that the perpetrator had done "rather a neat job—at least he knew where the joints were."
Dr. Warren Hunter, a pathologist from the University of Oregon medical school, subsequently examined the torso, and determined it belonged to a female "past middle age...about 50." Hunter also estimated that the torso had been placed in the water no more than 36 hours prior to its discovery. Prior to the Hunter's analysis, national newspapers had reported the coroner's estimation that the victim was in her "teens or early twenties," resulting in a barrage of phone calls to law enforcement from concerned parents. The pathologist concluded the woman was between and tall, weighed approximately to , and had light brown hair. The lower portion of the torso showed burn marks, possibly from a blow torch, leading police to believe the victim had been tortured.
Portland weather bureau official Elmer Fisher stated at the time that the torso could have been placed in the water "anywhere below Oregon City falls [now Willamette Falls]" but could not have drifted upstream from Portland. The day after the torso was discovered, on April 14, 1946, a false confession was made by a man from a telephone booth in Milwaukie; the man claimed to have known the woman's identity, as well as the location where she had been dismembered. Law enforcement however determined the call was a prank, and dismissed any connection to the murder.
On September 9, 1946, it was reported that law enforcement were investigating a possible connection between the remains and Marie Nastos, a 47-year-old woman from Seattle, Washington, who had gone missing on August 24, 1945 en route to Seattle after a trip to Wenatchee. Nastos matched the physical description of the victim, standing at , weighing approximately , and having brown hair.
Upon the discovery of the victim's head in October 1946, it was revealed the woman wore dentures. The cause of death was determined to have been blunt-force trauma to the head. After death, the victim was dismembered—potentially via saw—and disposed of in the river. Law enforcement at the time investigated a potential connection between the woman and two missing persons cases in California and Indiana, but were unable to make a connection.
In July 1951, agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed convicted murderer Roy Moore from his prison cell in North Carolina; he purportedly recounted in detail his murder and dismemberment of a woman whom he claimed to have disposed of in the Molalla River, but provided no information linking him to the Oak Grove Jane Doe.
2004 reopening.
In 2004, the case was formally reopened by the Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office. In a 2017 interview with Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office Sergeant John Krummenacker, it was revealed that evidence in the case—including the location of the woman's clothing, jawbone, dentures, and other remains—were unknown. It is believed the evidence was lost sometime in the 1950s. Krummenacker commented: "The end result is this–there's a middle-aged woman that was brutally murdered with a blunt force trauma blow to her head. Then [she] was sawn up, cut up, dismembered and thrown in this river like a piece of garbage."
In the 2016 book "Murder and Scandal in Prohibition Portland: Sex, Vice &amp; Misdeeds in Mayor Baker's Reign" it was written that "no new leads" have surfaced in the woman's murder, and "there is little hope of ever being able to solve the case" based on the lack of living witnesses and the loss of remains and other physical documentation.
Theories.
Crime writers J.D. Chandler and Joshua Fisher speculated that the identity of the woman was Anna Schrader, a married Portland woman who allegedly had an affair with William Breunning, a married police lieutenant. In 1929, Schrader and Breunning had a heated argument in which a gun was fired; Breunning stopped Schrader by jumping on top of her, and in turn broke several of her ribs. In April 1946, around the time the body was discovered, "The Oregonian" ran a notice seeking Anna Schrader, who had disappeared; she had previously told friends she was considering moving to Minnesota, but as of 2017, no public records of residence or her death are known. Local crime writer Theresa Griffin-Kennedy also stated that the Jane Doe's remains matched the physical description of Schrader.

</doc>
<doc id="56906359" url="?curid=56906359" title="Price Fishback">
Price Fishback


</doc>
<doc id="56906363" url="?curid=56906363" title="Memtransistor">
Memtransistor

The memtransistor is an experimental multi-terminal electronic component that might be used in the construction of artificial neural networks. It is a combination of the memristor and transistor. Applications of memristor technology is limited by it being a two terminal device. The multiple connections of the memtransistor enable it to more accurately model a neuron with its multiple synaptic connections. A neural network produced from these would provide hardware-based artificial intelligence with a good foundation.
Researchers at Northwestern University have fabricated a seven-terminal device fabricated on molybdenum disulfide (). One terminal controls the current between the other six.

</doc>
<doc id="56906377" url="?curid=56906377" title="Mel Hickey">
Mel Hickey


</doc>
<doc id="56906396" url="?curid=56906396" title="1973 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team">
1973 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team

The 1973 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team represented Humboldt State University during the 1973 NCAA Division II football season. Humboldt State competed in the Far Western Conference (FWC).
The 1973 Lumberjacks were led by eighth-year head coach Bud Van Deren. They played home games at the Redwood Bowl in Arcata, California. Humboldt State finished with a record of two wins, six losses and two ties (2–6–2, 1–4 FWC). The Lumberjacks were outscored by their opponents 123–212 for the season.
Team players in the NFL.
The following Humboldt State players were selected in the 1974 NFL Draft.
The following finished their college career in 1973, were not drafted, but played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="56906407" url="?curid=56906407" title="2018 Hama Attacks">
2018 Hama Attacks


</doc>
<doc id="56906414" url="?curid=56906414" title="Melih Kotanca">
Melih Kotanca

Melih Kotanca (1915 – 1986) was a Turkish footballer and track and field athlete.
He was twice winner at the Balkan Athletics Championships, taking the 200 metres title in 1939 and the 400 metres title in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="56906418" url="?curid=56906418" title="Energy (band)">
Energy (band)


</doc>
<doc id="56906420" url="?curid=56906420" title="Engineers Registration Board">
Engineers Registration Board

The Engineers Registration Board (ERB), is a statutory authority established in 1969, under the "Engineers Registration Act (ERA) Cap 271", whose mission is to regulate and supervise the profession of engineering in Uganda.
Location.
, the headquarters and offices of the ERB are temporarily housed at the offices of the Uganda Ministry of Works and Transport at Kyambogo, while efforts to secure a permanent location are ongoing, with the help of the Uganda Investment Authority. The geographical coordinate of the ERB headquarters are: 00°20'24.0"N, 32°37'37.0"E (Latitude:0.339999; Longitude:32.626949).
Overview.
Under its mandate, the ERB is authorized to (a) register (b) de-register (c) restore registration (d) suspend registration (e) hold inquiries (f) hear appeals and (f) appear as respondents against a case brought against it in the High Court. It is also mandated to advise the government regarding the engineering sector.
The board is appointed by the Ugandan Minister of Works and Transport in consultation with the "Uganda Institute of Professional Engineers" (UIPE), the professional body of engineers in the country, who are guaranteed for positions on the board. 
The 17th Board was named on 15 March 2018, by the Ugandan Minister of Works and Transport, Engineer Monica Azuba Ntege. The ERB members named are:
Registered engineers in Uganda, enjoy cross-border reciprocity of recognition of credentials in the countries of the countries of the East African Community (Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania and South Sudan).
, there were 842 registered engineers, of whom 774 were Uganda nationals with full operational licences and 68 were foreigners with temporary registration. 720 of the registered engineers are concentrated in Kampala, with only 105 scattered across the remaining 120 districts.
Governance.
The current board is haired by Engineer Michael Odongo, who id deputized by Engineer Henry Francis Okinyal.
See also.
Ministry of Works and Transport (Uganda)

</doc>
<doc id="56906429" url="?curid=56906429" title="1780 Tabriz earthquake">
1780 Tabriz earthquake

The 1780 Tabriz earthquake occurred at 01:15 local time on 8 January. It had an estimated magnitude of 7.4 and a maximum felt intensity of IX on the Mercalli intensity scale. The city of Tabriz was almost completely destroyed.
The number of reported casualties varies from 40,000 to as many as 200,000, with 50,000 being a more likely estimate.
Tectonic setting.
Tabriz lies within the complex zone of collision between the Arabian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. The main structures accommodating this oblique collision are west-east trending thrust faults and WNW-ESE trending dextral (right lateral) strike-slip faults. The North Tabriz Fault is an active 150 km long dextral strike-slip fault that passes close to the northern edge of Tabriz city. It has two main segments and an estimated overall slip rate of about 7 mm per year. The southeastern segment is interpreted to have ruptured in the 1721 Tabriz earthquake, while the northwestern segment ruptured during the 1780 earthquake. Both events produced associated ground rupture, which is still observable. An average slip of about 4 m has been estimated for earthquakes along the northwestern segment. A recurrence interval of about 800 years has been estimated, suggesting that a major earthquake along this structure is unlikely in the next few centuries, although a recurrence interval of 250–300 years has also been proposed, indicating that there is potential for a major earthquake in the relatively near future.
Earthquake.
The earthquake sequence started with a strong foreshock. The mainshock was felt over a large area, including at Divrigi over 700 km away. Aftershocks continued for several years, the most damaging being on 12 and 20 February. The observed surface fault break extended for 60 km. There is evidence of some vertical movement in addition to the horizontal displacement.
Damage.
All buildings within the city of Tabriz were reported destroyed and similar levels of damage affected many villages in the neighbouring area. The degree of destruction may in part relate to the weakening effects of the 1721 earthquake, which also caused severe damage to the city.

</doc>
<doc id="56906430" url="?curid=56906430" title="Amyostaurida">
Amyostaurida

Amyostaurida is a suborder of jellyfishes. It contains two families.

</doc>
<doc id="56906440" url="?curid=56906440" title="2013 AFL women's draft">
2013 AFL women's draft

The 2013 AFL women's draft was the inaugural national women's draft organised by the Australian Football League, held to select Melbourne and Western Bulldogs players for the Hampson-Hardeman Cup, an exhibition match. It was conducted on 15 May and consisted of 50 picks, with the odd-numbered picks selected by Melbourne, and the even-numbered picks selected by the Bulldogs. The order was decided by a coin toss on the night. Darebin Falcons player Daisy Pearce was selected by Melbourne with the first pick. Darebin provided the most players in the draft, with 10 selected.

</doc>
<doc id="56906442" url="?curid=56906442" title="Cypraea zonata">
Cypraea zonata


</doc>
<doc id="56906454" url="?curid=56906454" title="Motofumi Aoki">
Motofumi Aoki

 is the former head coach of the Takamatsu Five Arrows in the Japanese Bj League.

</doc>
<doc id="56906456" url="?curid=56906456" title="Stout Motor Car Company">
Stout Motor Car Company


</doc>
<doc id="56906461" url="?curid=56906461" title="AAI CAWS">
AAI CAWS

The AAI CAWS (Close Assault Weapon System) is a prototype automatic shotgun—designed as a combat shotgun— produced by the AAI Corporation during the 1980s. It was AAI's entry into the U.S military's Close Assault Weapon System program.
It is a 12-round, 12-gauge shotgun with two firing modes: semi-auto and full-auto.
Development.
In 1982, the United States was seeking entrants for their Close Assault Weapon System program. Grown out of previous combat shotgun programs, this program had inherited the specification from the RHINO program that had preceded it. These specifications required a magazine capacity of 10 rounds, a requirement for the new ammunition to be incompatible with commercial 12ga shotguns, that felt recoil be no greater than a Remington 870P firing M162 or M257 buckshot cartridges and that the system provide penetration and incapacitation capability significantly better than M162 and M257. In response to this, AAI developed their entrant, the AAI CAWS - a select fire, recoil operated, magazine fed shotgun. Using the standard M-16 stock and pistol grip, recoil operation and with an inline design, felt recoil was supposedly less than an M16. A shorter version, without stock, was also developed for Airborne forces. A day/night Reflex sight was offered as standard.
To meet the requirements to both provide ammunition that could not be fired by commercial shotguns, but also for the weapon to fire commercial ammunition, AAI developed a special cartridge larger than 12-ga and then provided a chamber adapter for the weapon to fire regular 12ga. The standard antipersonnel cartridge developed by AAI was loaded with 8, drag stabilized flechettes. 
All 8 flechettes were able to hit a circle at . The flechettes at that range had a velocity of and were capable of penetrating of pine or of mild steel.
Although tested by the U.S. military, the CAWS was canceled, and production, both military and civilian, has halted.

</doc>
<doc id="56906462" url="?curid=56906462" title="John Larkin, S.J.">
John Larkin, S.J.


</doc>
<doc id="56906470" url="?curid=56906470" title="Aplysia willcoxi">
Aplysia willcoxi


</doc>
<doc id="56906471" url="?curid=56906471" title="H. T. Hesse">
H. T. Hesse

Henry T. Hesse (1879–1947) was a politician and farmer in the U.S. state of Oregon. A Republican, he served in the Oregon Legislative Assembly representing Hillsboro.
Early life.
Hesse was one of four children of Christopher Frederick Hesse (d. 1919). He was a farmer, raising a herd of Guernsey cattle on a dairy near Hillsboro.
Political career.
Hesse began his political career as a county commissioner for Washington County in the 1910s. He later served as school clerk in Hillsboro and on the board of the Washington County Fair. In 1938, he was elected as a Republican to District 4 of the Oregon House of Representatives, replacing Ray L. Antrim of Aloha. He served in the 1939, 1941, 1943, 1945 sessions before Harry Schmeltzer replaced him in District 4. Hesse won reelection in November 1946, but resigned due to poor health and died on July 17, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="56906481" url="?curid=56906481" title="Francis Sampson">
Francis Sampson

Francis Sampson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56906484" url="?curid=56906484" title="1899 Boston mayoral election">
1899 Boston mayoral election

The Boston mayoral election of 1899 occurred on Tuesday, December 12, 1899. Republican candidate and former Mayor of Boston Thomas N. Hart defeated Democratic candidate Patrick Collins, and two other contenders, to become mayor for the second time. Incumbent mayor Josiah Quincy had announced in July 1899 that he would not seek re-election.
Hart benefitted from strife within the Democratic party, where John R. Murphy had lost the nomination to Collins. Murphy subsequently announced his intent to cross party lines and vote for Hart. The votes of Murphy and his followers in support of the Republican candidate contributed to Collins' defeat, and was referred to as a "knifing" in contemporary news reports.
Hart was inaugurated on Monday, January 1, 1900.
Party Conventions.
Democratic.
The Democratic convention was held on November 20, 1899 at Bumstead Hall. Incumbent mayor Patrick Collins defeated former state senator and state representative John R. Murphy.
Republican.
The Republican convention was held on November 21, 1899 at Association Hall. Former Mayor Thomas N. Hart defeated former common councilor, alderman, and state representative Alpheus Sanford.

</doc>
<doc id="56906499" url="?curid=56906499" title="Massachusett grammar">
Massachusett grammar

The grammar of the Massachusett language shares similarities with the grammars of related Algonquian languages. Nouns have gender based on animacy, based on the Massachusett world-view of what has spirit versus what does not. A body would be animate, but the parts of the body are inanimate. Nouns are also marked for obviation, with nouns subject to the topic marked apart from nouns less relevant to the discourse. Personal pronouns distinguish three persons, two numbers (singular and plural), inclusive and exclusive first-person plural, and proximate/obviative third-persons. Nouns are also marked as absentative, especially when referring to lost items or deceased persons.
Sentence structures are typically SVO or SOV, but deviation from strict word order does not alter the meaning due to the synthetic structure. Verbs are quite complex, and can be broken into four classes of verbs: animate-intransitive (AI), inanimate-intransitive (II), animate-transitive (AT), and inanimate-transitive (IT). Verbs are also prefixed and suffixed with various inflections, particles, and conjugations, so complex things can easily be described just by a verb.
Person.
Massachusett recognizes first, second and third person in singular and plural form. However, like other Algonquian languages, Massachusett makes a distinction between the first person plural exclusive, 'we, excluding you' and the first person plural inclusive, 'we, including you.' In general, the exclusive is more common when referring to oneself and one's family and network or when the audience is unknown, but the inclusive is used when the audience is definitely being referenced.
The obviate, a form of 'second third person' that disambiguates the activities of another third person in a sentence, may possess another noun which although technically a 'third third person,' has no forms that distinguish it from the unmarked proximate bare form of a noun, as opposed to more conservative languages like Ojibwe which have a separate form for nouns in this rare position. Similarly, there are no attested forms for obviate inanimate nouns, as exist in Ojibwe.
Persons exist on an importance scale, which is often more important in establishing word order regarding synthetic placement of prefixes, suffixes and markers. For example, most words exist which generally follow a hierarchy of 2 &gt; 1 &gt; X &gt; 3 &gt; 3'.
Nouns.
Nouns can only have an animate/inanimate plural or absentative animate/inanimate singular or plural terminations on a given word. In general, the locative is the same in the singular and plural and replaces the animate/inanimate plural if any. All nouns can have a diminutive, locative and obviative ending, although it would be rare for a word to exist with all possible forms, the order is usually diminutive, absentative/animate-inanimate plural (if any), locative, obviative. For example, *wekeesiutoh *(weekeesayutah), literally 'his-house-diminutive-absentative-locative-obviate' which would signify 'at the other man's/woman's small house—that is no more? that was destroyed?'
Number.
Algonquian languages recognize two numbers, singular and plural. Although it is rare for a word to not have both a singular and plural form, a small number of nouns, as in English, are either uncountable or inherently plural or singular. This is clearest in loan words from English such as monêash (money"ash), from English 'moneys,' which always appears in the plural and saut" (salt), from English 'salt' which only appears in the singular.
Nouns are unmarked in the singular, but can take one of two forms dependent on the noun's gender, which can be either animate and refer to something considered living, moving, divine or said to have spirit and inanimate including natural objects, tools and small plants. Words that are animate have -ack/-og/-ak (-ak) and those that are inanimate have -ash/-osh (-ash) appended to the end, respectively. Although unmarked in the singular, words "must" have either an animate or inanimate plural, with only a few rare exceptions to this rule.
Nouns in the singular often exist in a truncated form, but when any endings such as the plural are appended, many nouns will have consonants or syllables appear where unexpected, but were probably the original form of the word from its development from Proto-Algonquian. For instance, the words 'dog,' 'man' and 'chair' appear in Massachusett as annum (anum) , wosketomp (waskeetôp) and appuonk (apuwôk) in the singular but anumwog (anumwak) , wosketompauog (waskeetôpâak) and appuonkanash (apuwôkanash) as 'dogs' and 'chairs,' respectively. In the case of 'dog,' Massachusett annum (anum) developed from Proto-Algonquian *aθemwa with the final *-wa only re-appearing in the non-truncated forms of the plural, i.e., Proto-Algonquian *aθemwaki and Massachusett annumwak (anumwak). As they are based on etymology, words with these non-truncated finals must be learned individually.
Gender and plural formation.
As seen in the plural formations, all nouns have a grammatical gender based on animacy, thus nouns are either animate or inanimate. Animate objects include human beings and their bodies, animals, trees and bushes, planetary bodies—essentially things considered to be alive, possess spirit or are mobile—whereas inanimate nouns cover most objects, body parts, natural land forms, abstract things—essentially objects that do not move, do not possess spirit and generally unable to move.
Numerous exceptions to this general rule exist. The body parts -ohpee (-apee), 'hip,' -úhkus (-uhkas), 'finger nail' and woskequah (wushkeeqâh) , 'whale bone'; the English loan words conner (corner) and Testament (Testament) and the kitchen object kunnommaog (kunumuwôk) , 'ladle' or 'spoon' are all animate. The sun and moon, despite being planetary bodies, are inanimate. Although standing trees are animate, names of trees and species are always inanimate, thus the plural form of kꝏwa (k8wa) , 'pine tree,' is not *kꝏwak (*k8wak) but instead kꝏwash (k8wash).
Only a handful of words can appear with both genders, with subtle differences in meaning. For instance, the word for 'tree' is mehtog (muhtuq), but can also mean 'wood.' As gender is not overtly marked in the singular, this can be seen in the plural forms where mehtogquog (muhtuqak), 'trees' (that are still in the ground and living) and mehtogquosh (muhtuqash), 'trees' (that have been felled) but better translates as 'wood,' i.e., the product of a tree that is no longer living. Another rare form is to refer to land forms, structures or locales said to have a spiritual presence, or were considered the meeting place with or dwelling of tutelary spirits were discussed in the animate gender, in essence 'personifying' or linguistically 'animating' them. For example, wadchuash (wachuwash), 'mountains,' is the inanimate plural, but when it appears as *wadchuog (wachuwak) in the animate plural, it signifies 'mountains' but specifically the 'spirit(s) of the mountains.' This latter feature only appears in religious and ceremonial usage and is only known from a few examples, but was likely more common prior to the introduction of Christianity and the English missionary influences.
Case.
Obviation.
Massachusett, just as in other Algonquian languages, marks second third persons with an obviative marker -oh (-ah) . The proximate, usually the primary subject or more important topic is left unmarked. In English, for example, 'He gives the book to me, then I give the money to him,' it is ambiguous if the man receiving the money is the same as the giver of the book or a different man present, but in Massachusett, the person giving the book would be proximate and thus unmarked and the recipient of the money would be marked for obviation and removing the ambiguity.
The noun marked for obviation tends to be the possessed, not the possessor, and also tends to be the less animate or the recipient of a particular action. For example, mosq nâau ahtuckoh (masq nâwâw ahtuhqah) , 'The bear sees the deer.' Like the word 'deer' in English, which may refer to the animal in the singular and collectively, the obviative forms are identical in the singular and the plural and have to be differentiated by context. Nouns which are truncated are restored, as with the plural endings, so anum (anum), 'dog' and plural anumwog (anumwak) and appuonk (apuwônk) and plural appuonkanash (apuwônkanash), 'chairs' become annumwoh (anumwah) and appuonkanah (apuwônkanah) , respectively, when marked for obviation. This can occur in verbs as well:
Proximate
Obviate
Proximate of obviate (third third-person)
Absentation.
Algonquian languages mark those objects that were, i.e., people or living things that are deceased and objects that are lost, stolen or destroyed, or 'absent,' as opposed to those that currently exist. For people and animate objects, it generally refers to something alive that has passed away. Items that are destroyed, beyond repair or lost forever tend to be inanimate objects. All nouns, whether animate or inanimate, are marked with the suffixes -i or -y (-ay) in the singular and -uk or -ug (-uk) in the plural. With the same forms, a noun's animacy must be known or determined from context. Truncated noun stems are also restored before absentative endings, so woskétomp (waskeetôp) is restored before becoming woskétompáay (waskeetôpâay) , 'man' (that is passed away).
Animate
Inanimate
Diminution.
Nouns can be marked with one of two diminutive endings, -ees (-ees) or -emes (-âmees) , with the latter form chosen for more extreme examples or euphony. These endings indicate that the noun is smaller, littler or younger. For example, nonkomp (nôkôp) , 'boy,' nonkompees (nôkôpees) , 'young boy' and nonkompamees (nôkôpâmees) , a 'very young boy.' Although rare in the written language, which may have thus protected against its complete intrusion in the spoken language, late-stage speakers along the western and northern transitional dialects permitted syncope and the diminutive ending is often truncated, as seen in the surname of Crispus Attucks, Attuck[ee]s (Ahtuq[ee]s), 'Little Deer,' and wachu[ee]s (wachu[w][ee]s), 'small mountain' or 'hill' as in the example of Mount Wachusett, a Native toponym from the closely related Nipmuc-speaking peoples where syncope was generally permitted.
The use of the diminutive, as in extant Algonquian languages, may have had some semantic functions that varied between dialects. Although it is the general rule to use diminutive endings on small, young and little things, examples from other Algonquian languages such as Ojibwe indicate that it can be used as a term of endearment, such as n'nechanemes (nuneechanâmees) , 'my little child,' but can also be used, in certain contexts, to mark something as inferior or degrading, such as keen wosketompees (keeen waskeetôpees) , 'you little man' but could have nuanced implied meanings of being weak, small in stature, inferior or unworthy dependent on context.
Location.
Nouns are suffixed with a locative suffix -et (also -ett, -it, etc.) (-ut) to indicate 'in/on/at' (physically). It can be used to mark areas near certain geographical features, and survives in the name Massachusett (Mâsach8sut) as well as most geographical place names and landmarks of Massachusett-language derivation. The locative is often, though not alwayss, identical in singular and the plural and number has to be determined from context.
The choice of locative seems to have some dialectal variation, where the older form -uck/-og/-uk (-uk) was generally more common in the speech of Nantucket and areas inhabited by the Nauset, and seems to have occurred with equal frequency in the related L-dialect Nipmuc language and areas inhabited by the Pawtucket. Areas inhabited by the Coweset, Massachusett and the closely related Y-dialect Narragansett seem to have been strongholds of the termination, although documents in Natick seem to have also used the variant, perhaps due to the influence of Nipmuc. As the written language of Eliot seems to have favored , most place names in the region in Massachusetts were 'standardized' under the influence of the literate Indians and the English missionaries.
There is a rare secondary locative -ehtu (-eehtyuw) or -uhkontu (-uhkôhtyuw) that only appears in a handful of attestations in the Native documents. It seems to have been somewhat more common in Eliot's translation of the Bible, where it seems to serve the purpose of a plural locative. For example, ayeuwogut, 'in/on/at the place,' and nuppeeit, 'in/on/at the water' and ayeuonganehtu (ayuwôkaneehtyuw), 'in/on/at the places,' and nippekontu (nupeehkôhtyuw) , 'in/on/at the waters.
The locative can be used for abstract phrases, such as 'in his posterity' and 'on this day' and these phrases can be literally translated from English. The locative, however, is also mandatory for certain transitive verbs that do not have an English parallel.
'We (inclusive) go to the sachem's village'
Genitive.
The prefixes, suffixes and infixes on nouns shown in the table under nouns determine ownership are used as genitive constructions, equivalent to 'my,' 'our,' 'ours,' 'his,' 'her,' 'hers,' 'its', 'their,' 'theirs' used in English. As previously states, the third-person form wu- (wu-) is truncated to u- (u-) or, with sufficient context, sometimes dropped altogether in certain situations, so meequon (meeqôn) is umeequon (umeeqôn) and "never" *wumeequon (*wumeeqôn). Both of the first-person plural forms have an ending (-un), which are otherwise distinguished by (nu-), equivalent to 'I'.
Plural persons are formed with suffixes. For example, 'our' can be formed with nu-[stem]-un, 'I-[stem]-first-person plural' in the exclusive form or ku-[stem]-un, 'you-[stem]-[1st pl.] in the inclusive form. The inclusive form actually shares ku-, the second-person prefix, as the construction 'you-[stem]-[1st pl.],' somewhat suggesting 'you + us' as it would naturally include the audience or person being addressed in a description of a group action including the speaker. The second-person plural and third-person plural are formed with (ku-) and (wu-) or its variant (u-)—used before /m/, /p/, /k/ or /w/, but not /kʷ/—respectively. They also share use of the second/third-person plural suffix (-uw).
Plural personhood in the dependency markers requires an infix, which wedges itself between the suffix appended to the stem and the peripheral markers, such as those that indicate the animate or inanimate plural, depending on the word's gender or absentative, locative or obviative forms. The first-person exclusive and first-person inclusive plurals share (-ôn-) whilst the second- and third-person plurals share (-ôw-). This prevents the previous stem from truncation or elimination, according to the complicated sound rules for joining morphemes and the influence of surrounding vowels. Thus, 'our (exclusive) feet' is (nuseetunônash) and not (*nuseetunash) and 'your (plural) feet' is (kuseetuwôwash) and not (*kuseetuwash).
Dependent and Independent nouns.
Nouns are declined by person somewhat differently depending on whether or not the noun in question is dependent or independent. For example, a 'foot' always belongs to someone and therefore, in Algonquian languages, it can only exist in a genitive construction such as 'my foot,' 'your feet,' 'his foot,' etc., and is therefore 'dependent.' When the exact owner is unknown, (mu-) is attached and indicates 'someone's' or 'somebody's' foot. Dependency is a common feature of kinship terms such as 'mother' or 'father,' almost all body parts, including the body itself. Most other nouns are independent and can exist by themselves, although they can also be declined in genitive constructions, such as a 'tree' can be owned as 'my tree' or 'his tree' that do exist without implied ownership.
Intrusive 't'.
As a grammatical rule, a is inserted before the prefix that implies the person and an independent noun stem that begins with a vowel. For example, nutohkeem (nutahkeem), 'my land' where ohke (ahkee), 'earth' or 'land' is independent. This is in contrast to nꝏsh (n8sh), 'my father,' which does not require the 'intrusive t' as it is a dependent noun, i.e., not *nutꝏsh (*nut8sh) which are incorrect.
The example of 'my father' also shows that vowel-initial dependent noun roots assimilate the vowel of the person prefix, nꝏsh (n8sh) "not" *nuꝏsh (*nu8sh). When a dependent noun has ownership that is not implied or unknown, the Algonquian X person, it is prefixed with mu- which indicates that it is 'someone's' or 'somebody's,' for instance, musseett (museet) , 'someone's foot' or 'somebody's foot.' Dependent nouns that begin with a consonant do not assimilate the preceding vowel, e.g., kunnutcheg (kunucheek) , 'your (singular) hand.' Dependent nouns have to be learned separately.
M-class.
A small 'm-class' of independent nouns also exist. This small subset of words takes a final (-m) in words that end in a vowel or (-um) for words that end in a consonant, but only when the word is declined for person. This terminal is dropped when the noun exists in its, non-pronominally declined independent form. This was likely a retention of an archaic trait in the language that began to fade from the language around the time literacy was adopted, as the Indian documents show that many writers applied it inconsistently and seem to have been unsure, although it is just as likely that it may have varied by dialect or age of speaker. Where it was retained, the /m/ helps preserve noun stems from mutation or assimilation of vowels of various noun suffixes.
wadchu (wachuw) 'mountain'
ohke (ahkee) 'land'
kehtassꝏt (keehtahs8t) 'king' 
Pronouns.
Independent personal pronouns.
The Algonquian languages are pro-drop languages which means that independent pronouns are usually unnecessary in conversation. Nouns can be inflected for possession and verbs often encode the subject, and sometimes, even the object information, rendering the use of pronouns mostly redundant. There are several instances where pronouns cannot be omitted. For instance, Massachusett lacks a copula which is found in English as the various conjugations of the verb 'to be' that link the subject and predicate. Thus, a pronoun would be mandatory in sentences such as kén nétop (keen neetôp) , 'you are my friend,' but literally 'you my-friend. The pronouns are also mandatory as the direct answers to questions involving figuring out who was doing what or what was done to whom.
In a sentence such as nuwoman (nuwâmôn), the transitive animate verb woman (wâmôn) is marked with the first-person prefix (nu-) marks the subject. The third-person recipient, 'her' or 'him' is assumed because it is an animate verb. Even though, nen nuwoman nagum or neen nagum nuwoman are possible, literally 'I I-love-[her/him] her/him' and 'I he/she I-love-[her/him],' respectively, enough information exists in the verb alone to warrant the exclusion of the pronouns.
Although the exact roles that the pronouns filled are not fully understood, in related Algonquian languages, pronouns seem to help clear ambiguity, such as the similarity of certain verb forms and noun stems, some of which may differ by only a short syllable at the end, such as (kuseet) 'your (singular) foot,' (kuseetun) 'our (inclusive) foot' and (kuseetuw), which in rapid conversation, may require the independent pronouns (keen) 'you (singular)', (keenawun) 'we (inclusive)' and (keenaw) 'you (plural)' to disambiguate. In other cases, the insertion of pronouns were probably used for emphasis, such as a topical marker, or to mark deference as is done in other Algonquian languages.
Emphasis&lt;br&gt;
The pronoun helps mark the topic and the emphasis of the statement. More important in the following example is not the canoe itself but the ownership of the canoe by the owner.
Deference&lt;br&gt;
Possibly used to mark the noun (sôtyum), 'chief' or 'leader,' as someone worthy of respect or importance.
Disambiguation&lt;br&gt;
Although the difference between 'your father' and 'our (inclusive) fathers' (obviative) is slight,
Reflexive pronouns.
Reflexive pronouns are relatively uncommon. Their only use appears with certain transitive animate verbs where the subject is also the recipient of the action. This is in stark contrast to languages such as Spanish or French, where reflexive verbs, and their accompanying reflexive pronoun markers, are quite common, often imbued with slightly different shades of meaning from their original non-reflexive counterparts.
In Massachusett, reflexive pronouns are only known in singular form, but plural forms are attested in closely related language. For instance, in the Loup language of Nipmuc refugees in New France, nahakanon, 'ourselves' (first person exclusive plural reflexive) appears in Mathevet's word lists recorded in the mid-eighteenth century. if it existed in Massachusett would probably appear as *nuhhoggan (*nuhakun) as Massachusett usually dropped the infix -on unless further suffixation as required but retained in Nipmuc which corresponds to Massachusett (-ôn), e.g., (nuseetun), 'our (exclusive) foot' and (nuseetunônash), 'our (exclusive) feet.'
Demonstrative pronouns.
The deictic pronouns are used to express both specific objects and their physical distance in relation to the speaker, with the nearer deictic pronouns corresponding to English 'this' and plural 'these.' Objects that are too far for a speaker to use nearer deictic forms, such as objects 'over there' or 'yonder,' the farther deictic forms 'that' and 'those.'
The anaphoric pronouns were unknown to most dialects and is peculiar to the speech of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket, but has been adopted as integral pronouns in the revived language. Their usage on the islands had two main uses. In some cases, they seem to represent 'furthest deictic,' roughly 'that'/'those' (over there) akin to the Spanish distinction between "ese", 'that' and "aquel", 'that yonder.' It also served in its anaphoric usage to reference 'this' or 'that' when the context was known and discussed earlier in conversation or in a written document. The anaphoric forms have obviate markings. As inanimate obviate marking is not used in Massachusett, the inanimate anaphoric forms (y8nuh) and (shanuh) perhaps have them by analogy to their animate counterparts.
The interrogative pronouns function as question words, such as 'who?', 'whom?' and 'what?' The interreogative pronouns in statements take different meanings, for instance teague (tyaqa) generally means 'what?' or 'what thing?' but also functions as 'something' as in howan (hawân) can, in non-interrogative functions, as 'somebody' or 'someone.'
Nominalization of verbs.
As verbs are the basic and most important part of Massachusett word construction, nouns are often formed from verbs or can exist in verbal form, for example 'I am the chief' can be rendered with only nouns, and in an archaic style befitting a leader, sachem neen (sôtyum neen), literally "sachem" I,' or only with a verb as in nusontimauw (nusôtyumâw), literally 'I-chief-[animate intransitive verb]' or 'I-chief-be.' Although use of nominal versus verbal constructions were used interchangeably, they undoubtedly had distinct nuances in use that are unknown.
Conversion of nouns from verbal stems can occur in one of three ways. Nouns tend to be either the bare form of a verb, identical to the verbal form or modified with a nominalizing suffix.
Bare verb stem 
Identical to verbal form
Nominalized with "-onk (-ôk)"
Verbs.
Verb categories.
Verbs are very complex and form the basis of a typical word. Like nouns, verbs are divided into animate and inanimate forms which are distinct in meaning and usage. For example, chog- (chahk-), 'spot,' has different conjugations based on the animacy of the subject. An inanimate object, such as a body part, rock, leaf, man-made products, annual plants, etc., would be described as chogi (chahkây), 'it is spotted' (i.e., 'it has spots') whereas when referring to people, animals, large trees, planetary bodies, etc., it would be described as chogusu (chahkusuw), 'he/she/it is blemished' (literally, 'he/she is spotted'). As different verb endings are used to distinguish animacy, the subject or equivalent pronoun can be dropped in conversation and writing if there is sufficient context.
Transitivity is another important division. Verbs are marked differently if they take an object or not. For example, the root mꝏs- (m8hs-) implies 'envy' or 'jealousy' but and can be found as intransitive, not requiring an object, mꝏsumꝏau (m8hsumuwâw), 'he/she is jealous' (i.e., 'he/she/it is a jealous person) or transitive, requiring an object, mꝏsumꝏ (m8hsumuw), 'he/she is jealous of' and requires an object, e.g., mꝏsumꝏ sontimoh (m8hsumuw sôtyumah), 'he/she is jealous of the chief.'
Transitive and intransitive verbs differ when the object in question is animate or inanimate. For example, the root onch- (ôch-), signifies 'mend,' 'fix' or 'repair,' and appears as transitive with animate object onchheew (ôchuheew), 'he/she repairs [something]' and transitive with inanimate object onchuteaw (ôchuhteaw), 'he/she fixes (someone).' Similarly, quin- (qun-), 'long' or 'tall,' appears in the intransitive, no object, with animate subject qunôsu (qunôhsuw), 'he/she is tall,' and inanimate subject, no object, quinni (qunây), 'it is long' or 'it is tall'. Thus, verbs generally fall into one of four categories: animate subject, no object or animate intransitive (AI), animate object or transitive animate (TA), inanimate with no object or inanimate intransitive (II) and inanimate object or transitive inanimate (TI).
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="56906507" url="?curid=56906507" title="1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's long jump">
1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Women's long jump

The women's long jump event at the 1978 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 11 March in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="56906512" url="?curid=56906512" title="Liggett's Gap Railroad">
Liggett's Gap Railroad


</doc>
<doc id="56906516" url="?curid=56906516" title="Old Bridgewater Historical Society">
Old Bridgewater Historical Society

The Old Bridgewater Historical Society was founded in 1894 in West Bridgewater, Massachusetts. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. The society operates from two buildings and has a library of genealogical and historical texts, manuscripts, documents, and photographs, as well as historical artifacts.
Buildings.
The society owns two buildings in West Bridgewater: The Memorial Building, located at 162 Howard Street, and the Keith House located around the corner at 199 River Street.
Memorial Building.
Francis E. Howard, son of Capt. Benjamin Beal Howard, a resident of Howard Street in West Bridgewater, donated the property that the Memorial Building sits on in 1899, on the condition that the building cost no less than $5,000 to build. A building committee was created, consisting of Hon. Benjamin W. Harris of East Bridgewater, Dr. Loring W. Puffer of Brockton, Francis E. Howard and Charles R. Packard of West Bridgewater, Henry Gurney and Simeon C. Keith of East Bridgewater, the Hon. Ziba C. Keith of Brockton, and Joshua E. Crane and Samuel P. Gates of Bridgewater. In order to assist in raising the remaining funds needed, the Society sold marble plaques at a cost of $100 each to commemorate some of Old Bridgewater's founding families. These plaques were mounted on the interior walls of the building.
The building was designed by Boston architect firm Cooper &amp; Bailey. It was constructed by the Brockton building company Crowell &amp; Briggs, at a cost of approximately $8,000. Ground breaking occurred on June 29, 1900, and the building was dedicated at a ceremony on June 13, 1901.
The Memorial Building is of a colonial style of architecture. The main room contains a large open space with a stage on one end, and there is an alcove on either side, one named the Keith Alcove and the other the Howard Alcove, in honor of two of the earlier settlers of the county. The building was constructed of water struck red brick with a slate roof, in an effort to make the building and its historical holdings as safe from fire hazards as possible. A walk-out basement extends underneath the entire structure.
Rev. James Keith Parsonage.
The Keith Parsonage is owned by the society and is operated as a colonial home museum. Construction of the building began in approximately the Spring of 1662, and it was originally occupied by Bridgewater's first permanent minister, the young Rev. James Keith from Scotland. The home was donated to the society on November 29, 1961 by Howard and Jessie Anderson.
History.
The society was founded in 1894 and incorporated on July 18, 1895. The original officers were: Benjamin W. Harris (president), Frank E. Sweet (secretary), Isaac N. Nutter (treasurer), Francis E. Howard, Loring W. Puffer, George M. Hooper, Joshua E. Crane, Capt. Benjamin Beal Howard, and Hosea Kingman.

</doc>
<doc id="56906519" url="?curid=56906519" title="Odostomia myosotis">
Odostomia myosotis


</doc>
<doc id="56906520" url="?curid=56906520" title="Frank Saunders">
Frank Saunders

Frank Saunders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="56906529" url="?curid=56906529" title="Hexen 64">
Hexen 64


</doc>
<doc id="56906531" url="?curid=56906531" title="Communist philosophy">
Communist philosophy


</doc>
<doc id="56906539" url="?curid=56906539" title="Ordinal Indicator">
Ordinal Indicator


</doc>
<doc id="56906541" url="?curid=56906541" title="Rose harp">
Rose harp


</doc>
<doc id="56906547" url="?curid=56906547" title="Disk management software">
Disk management software


</doc>
<doc id="56906552" url="?curid=56906552" title="List of current British princes and princesses">
List of current British princes and princesses

This is a list of living British royal family members who, through royal descent or marriage, currently hold the rank of British prince or British princess.
By marriage.
Women can become princesses by marriage, but can only use the princess title if their husband is the Prince of Wales (e.g. Diana, Princess of Wales) or if they take their husband's full name (e.g. Princess Michael of Kent). Men cannot become princes by marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="56906555" url="?curid=56906555" title="Virtual Murder (series)">
Virtual Murder (series)


</doc>
<doc id="56906557" url="?curid=56906557" title="MAUL (weapon)">
MAUL (weapon)


</doc>
<doc id="56906582" url="?curid=56906582" title="Back to the Island">
Back to the Island


</doc>
<doc id="56906596" url="?curid=56906596" title="Cloudbric Labs">
Cloudbric Labs

Cloudbric Labs is a collection of free web security resources and tools, provided by the cloud-based web security provider Cloudbric. It’s designed for use by developers, webmasters, and end users who are interested in achieving and maintaining basic website security.
Components.
Cloudbric Labs is composed of:
An API is offered to allow users to integrate information from Cloudbric Labs to their own security platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="56906598" url="?curid=56906598" title="“Back to the Island”">
“Back to the Island”


</doc>
<doc id="56906603" url="?curid=56906603" title="Marjorie (Jori) Elizabeth Thurston Smith">
Marjorie (Jori) Elizabeth Thurston Smith


</doc>
<doc id="56906606" url="?curid=56906606" title="Édouard Beugniot">
Édouard Beugniot

Édouard Beugniot (1822-1878) was a French engineer, designer of the Beugniot lever, a system for articulating the driving axles of railway locomotives.
Career.
Jean Gaspard Edouard Beugniot was born in Masevaux on 12 February 1822. His parents were Jean Claude Beugniot, who worked at the spinning factory of Nicolas Koechlin in the same city, and Henriette Berger-Pfeffel. At age 15, Édouard Beugniot left Masevaux to go to Mulhouse as an apprentice mechanic in the foundry of André Koechlin &amp; Cie, whose founder André Koechlin was the first cousin of Nicolas Koechlin.
In 1844, Édouard Beugniot was 22 when he was appointed head of the locomotive department of André Koechlin &amp; Cie. Two years later he qualified as a civil engineer. When the company became Société Alsacienne de Constructions Mécaniques, he directed the locomotive construction sector at the Mulhouse plant and worked with Alfred de Glehn. Beugniot designed a system for articulating the driving axles of railway locomotives, known as the Beugniot lever.
Family.
Édouard married Maria Charlotte Clémentine Leydle. They had only one child, Marie Jeanne Claudine Henriette Beugniot born in 1859, who married Auguste Jean Hyacinthe Salin in 1878.
Death.
Édouard Beuniot died on 25 October 1878. He is buried in the Cemetery rue Lefebvre in Mulhouse. His grave has a bust signed Wiedmaier with, on the pedestal, the inscription "To Edouard Beugniot, engineer, his workers and his collaborators".

</doc>
<doc id="56906610" url="?curid=56906610" title="Anupam Shahjahan Joy">
Anupam Shahjahan Joy

Anupam Shahjahan Joy is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament from Tangail-8.
Career.
Joy was elected to parliament from Tangail-8 by-elections on 29 March 2015 as a candidate of Bangladesh Awami League.

</doc>
<doc id="56906616" url="?curid=56906616" title="Craterolophidae">
Craterolophidae


</doc>
<doc id="56906617" url="?curid=56906617" title="Masjed Soleyman oil field">
Masjed Soleyman oil field

The Masjed Soleyman oil field is an oil field located in Masjed Soleyman, Khuzestan Province, Iran and in the north of Ahvaz City. It was the first oil field discovered in Middle East. The field is a mature super-giant, which produces primarily from the prolific Oligocene Asmari horizons, a formation which underpins Iranian crude oil production. The National Iranian South Oil Company operates the field, as well as a number of other fields in the surrounding regions. Oil production of MasjedSoleyman field is about . The field is estimated to contain 6.5 billion barrels of oil. So far 367 wells were drilled in the field, of which only 16 are currently operational. The field is owned by National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC).

</doc>
<doc id="56906621" url="?curid=56906621" title="2018 NCAA Division I Men's Swimming and Diving Championships">
2018 NCAA Division I Men's Swimming and Diving Championships

The 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Swimming and Diving Championships were contested from March 21–24, 2018 at the Jean K. Freeman Aquatic Center at University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the 95th annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I men's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
Swimming results.
Full results 

</doc>
<doc id="56906645" url="?curid=56906645" title="Edouard Beugniot">
Edouard Beugniot


</doc>
<doc id="56906655" url="?curid=56906655" title="Davish Krail">
Davish Krail


</doc>
<doc id="56906656" url="?curid=56906656" title="Edward Beugniot">
Edward Beugniot


</doc>
<doc id="56906707" url="?curid=56906707" title="Fissurella aculeata">
Fissurella aculeata


</doc>
<doc id="56906713" url="?curid=56906713" title="Yurika Endō">
Yurika Endō

 is a former Japanese voice actress and singer from Tokyo, Japan. After starting her career in 2013, she began playing supporting roles in anime series such as "Ace of Diamond", "Magimoji Rurumo", and "Sakura Trick". In 2017, she played the roles of Nozomi Momijidani in the anime series "Angel's 3Piece!" and Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise "BanG Dream!".
Endō is part of the vocal unit Yuri*Kari together with fellow Swallow voice actress Karin Takahashi. She also became part of the bands Baby's Breath and Roselia as part of her participation in "Angel's 3Piece" and "BanG Dream!" respectively. She also appeared at anime conventions in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong. In December 2017, due to health reasons, she announced her retirement from the entertainment industry following the release of an album in May 2018 and a solo live concert in June 2018.
Biography.
Endō was born in Tokyo on June 24, 1994. From an early age, she had dreamed of becoming a voice actress and singer, and she had become interested in anime due to watching series such as "Ojamajo Doremi" and "Cardcaptor Sakura". Her desire to become an entertainer was also bolstered by her interest in anime and manga, which she maintained during her high school years. While in high school, she became part of a band that performed covers of anime music.
While still a high school student, Endō joined the 6th Animax Anison Grand Prix contest, where she became a finalist. Following this, she decided to participate in an audition held by the media company Pony Canyon. She won the grand prize at the audition, and she became affiliated with the voice acting agency Swallow. She was then paired with fellow newcomer voice actress Karin Takahashi as the vocal unit Yuri*Kari. Endō debuted in the entertainment industry as a singer, performing with Takahashi the song , which was used as the ending theme to the 2013 anime series "The Severing Crime Edge". That same year, she made her debut as a voice actress, playing the role of Haruno Yoshikawa in the anime television series "Ace of Diamond".
In 2014, Endō released her first solo single "Monochrome Overdrive", the title track of which was used as the ending theme to the anime series "Z/X Ignition", where she plays the role of Aina Mikage. The single was written and composed by Hisashi, the lead guitarist of the band Glay. She also played the roles of Rina Sakai in "Sakura Trick" and Tanako Kujirai in "Magimoji Rurumo". Her second single, was released on August 6, 2014, and is used as the ending theme to "Magimoji Rurumo".
In 2015, Endō made an appearance at Anime Festival Asia Indonesia and Anime Festival Asia Singapore. In 2017, she was cast as the character Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise "BanG Dream!", where she became part of the band Roselia. She was also cast as the character Nozomi Momijidani in the anime series "Angel's 3Piece!", where she became part of the band Baby's breath, and as the character Mitsuki Gero in the multimedia project "Onsen Musume".
On December 18, 2017, Endō announced that due to health reasons, she would retire from the entertainment industry in 2018. Her final overseas appearance was at C3 AFA Hong Kong in February 2018, while her last appearance as part of Roselia was on May 13, 2018. She released a compilation album titled "Emotional Daybreak" on May 9, 2018, while her final activity as an entertainer was a solo live concert that took place at Akasaka Blitz on June 1, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="56906719" url="?curid=56906719" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906721" url="?curid=56906721" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906723" url="?curid=56906723" title="Virginia State Route 621 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 621 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906734" url="?curid=56906734" title="Mary Irene Stanton">
Mary Irene Stanton

Mary Irene Stanton (February 11, 1862 – August 26, 1946) was an American teacher and the founder of the El Paso Public Library. She was born in Georgia and taught for many years before the founding of the library, and continued to teach after leaving her position as president of the El Paso Public Library Association.
Education and early teaching career.
Stanton attended the University of North Georgia, then called the North Georgia Agricultural College, to receive her teaching degree. She also received her B.S. from the Austin Female Seminary, which was located in Plainville, Georgia. In 1884, she left Georgia to live in El Paso, Texas. She began teaching a third-grade class the same year. Stanton attended Canterbury College, then called Central Normal College, to further pursue teaching. Stanton began teaching again in 1886.
Founding of the library and role in El Paso Public Library Association.
Stanton started a reading club in 1894; she made her collection of 600-800 books available to her high-school students. The collection was soon made available to women and men of all ages. Volunteers helped to keep the library open. Her library grew quickly, and the books were soon transferred to a larger room.
By 1896, the El Paso Public Library association was founded with five members, and she was its president. The library's 2,000 books were transferred to a room in City Hall after El Paso citizens petitioned for a larger library space.
The library association sought and received a grant from Andrew Carnegie to build a library building independent of the city hall. The library was opened in April 1904. Stanton left her position as president of the library association in 1903.
Later teaching career and retirement.
In 1916, Stanton resigned from the public school system in El Paso. By 1921 she left El Paso for Tularosa, New Mexico, and continued to teach there until 1925. She returned to El Paso in 1928, where she remained until her death in 1946. Stanton was buried in Evergreen Cemetery in El Paso, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="56906735" url="?curid=56906735" title="Liostomia wareni">
Liostomia wareni


</doc>
<doc id="56906746" url="?curid=56906746" title="Abdilallih Charmarke">
Abdilallih Charmarke


</doc>
<doc id="56906748" url="?curid=56906748" title="Mokowe (video game)">
Mokowe (video game)

Mokowe is a 1991 French adventure video game for the Amstrad CPC by JP Godey and JC Lebon of Lankhor.
Plot.
The game is set in May 1975, Kenya, within the region of Mokowe. It is a time of elephant killing, ivory trading, and a secret network. It is the player's task to intervene and put a stop to it.
Reception.
It received a B from Tilt, 62% from Joystick, and 82% from Amstrad.
Joystick felt the game would be an ideal present for Christmas. MicroNews wrote that despite the danger of the quest, it was well worth taking a dive into the game.

</doc>
<doc id="56906751" url="?curid=56906751" title="Kishinouyeidae">
Kishinouyeidae


</doc>
<doc id="56906771" url="?curid=56906771" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906773" url="?curid=56906773" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906776" url="?curid=56906776" title="Virginia State Route 622 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 622 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906780" url="?curid=56906780" title="Bud Van Deren">
Bud Van Deren

Frank P. "Bud" Van Deren (November 22, 1924 – September 9, 2010) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Humboldt State University from 1966 to 1985, compiling a record of 98–101–4. Van Deren died on September 9, 2010 in Eureka, California.

</doc>
<doc id="56906781" url="?curid=56906781" title="Frank Van Deren">
Frank Van Deren


</doc>
<doc id="56906785" url="?curid=56906785" title="Strombus adansoni">
Strombus adansoni


</doc>
<doc id="56906786" url="?curid=56906786" title="2010–11 Macedonian Third Football League">
2010–11 Macedonian Third Football League

The 2010–11 Macedonian Third Football League was the 19th season of the third-tier football league in the Republic of Macedonia, since its establishment. It began on August 2010 and ended on May 2011.
North.
Group A.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Group B.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Promotion play-off.
Source: MacedonianFootball.com
South.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
East.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
West.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Southwest.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="56906789" url="?curid=56906789" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906791" url="?curid=56906791" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906794" url="?curid=56906794" title="Virginia State Route 623 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 623 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906800" url="?curid=56906800" title="5th Kentucky Infantry Regiment">
5th Kentucky Infantry Regiment


</doc>
<doc id="56906803" url="?curid=56906803" title="Siena-Ampugnano Airport">
Siena-Ampugnano Airport


</doc>
<doc id="56906811" url="?curid=56906811" title="Jocial Tchakounte">
Jocial Tchakounte

Jocial Tchakounte (born 11 August 1989 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who is currently a member of Ayeyawady United of the Myanmar National League as of 2018.
Career.
Swaziland.
A member of Mbabane Swallows squad in 2013, Tchakounte had to go to South Africa for personal reasons in January that year before arriving back in Swaziland in time for the league fixture confronting Malanti Chiefs. The Cameroonian then parted ways with the "Swallows" in July, with the Times of Swaziland maligning him as 'Arguably the least popular player' in the lineup. This was followed by Mbabane Swallows recalling the defender in early 2014, but he had still not returned by late January and was still in South Africa.
Turkey.
Brought in by Ağrı Gençlerbirliği in 2015 with Cameroonian Guillaume N'Kendo in 2015, Tchakounte said he enjoyed the city and its residents upon arrival.
Completed a move to Lapsekispor in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="56906814" url="?curid=56906814" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906816" url="?curid=56906816" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906817" url="?curid=56906817" title="Paul Craig (athlete)">
Paul Craig (athlete)


</doc>
<doc id="56906824" url="?curid=56906824" title="E. B. Crocker">
E. B. Crocker


</doc>
<doc id="56906832" url="?curid=56906832" title="Close the Door (Teddy Pendergrass song)">
Close the Door (Teddy Pendergrass song)


</doc>
<doc id="56906855" url="?curid=56906855" title="Karsu">
Karsu

Karsu Dönmez (born 19 April 1990) is a Turkish-Dutch singer from Amsterdam. While her music style is a blend of various genres, jazz pop is probably the best description for it. At age 7 her parents bought a piano with money they had put aside for buying a car. At 14 she was making a name for herself by performing at her parents' restaurant. She came to prominence after performances at the Carnegie Hall in New York and several appearances on Dutch television.
In 2010 Karsu's first album "Live aan 't IJ" was released. In October 2012, her first studio album, "Confession", followed, and was received positively by the press. On "Colors" from 2015 her compositions are more playful and cheerful than her previous work. The title of the album refers to Karsu's bicultural background with roots in Turkey and Amsterdam. In 2016 the Edison Foundation gave her the Edison Award for "Colors". She built a music school for refugees in Athens, Greece. She also took role as a director, for helping refugees in Amsterdam. Her life was documented by director Mercedes Stalenhoef and follows Karsu as she climbs the ladder from the restaurant to the stage of Carnegie Hall, and further into the music world.

</doc>
<doc id="56906856" url="?curid=56906856" title="Virginia State Route 624 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 624 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906857" url="?curid=56906857" title="Williamsburg station">
Williamsburg station


</doc>
<doc id="56906865" url="?curid=56906865" title="Xu Jingye (PRC)">
Xu Jingye (PRC)

Xu Jingye (born 1951 in Jiyuan, Henan) was chairman of the Chongqing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) from January 2013 to January 2017.
Bibliography.
From 1969 to 1976, Xu was a soldier in the People's Liberation Army. He joined the Communist Party of China (CPC) in 1970, and became secretary of the Chongqing CPC Municipal Discipline Committee in 2006. He was a member of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection from 2012 to 2017. In January 2018, he was elected member of the Member of the 13th CPPCC.

</doc>
<doc id="56906871" url="?curid=56906871" title="IEEE 802.11mc">
IEEE 802.11mc

Task Group mc (TGmc) of the IEEE 802.11 Working Group, sometimes referred to as IEEE 802.11mc, was the third maintenance/revision group for the IEEE 802.11 WLAN standards. Purpose was to incorporate accumulated maintenance changes (editorial and technical corrections) into IEEE Std 802.11-2012, and roll up approved amendments into the standard.
The work by TGmc resulted in the publication of IEEE Std 802.11-2016 in 2016.
TGmc has ceased its operation. Maintenance/revision for IEEE Std 802.11-2016 is being handled by TGmd.
Amendments rolled-In.
Following amendments were incorporated by TGmc on top of IEEE Std 802.11-2012:
Wi-Fi Round Trip Time.
While it is not the main purpose of the maintenance/revision group, some features deemed not big enough to require a full Task Group within the IEEE 802.11 WG are sometimes added to the IEEE 802.11 standard via the maintenance/revision group.
The main feature added through TGmc is commonly known as Wi-Fi Round Trip Time (Wi-Fi RTT). It allows computing devices to measure the distance to nearby Wi-Fi access points (APs) and determine their indoor location with a precision of 1–2 metres using round-trip delay.
The accuracy is better than estimations with trilateration based on received signal strength indication (RSSI).
Concept.
With a single Wi-Fi access point, only a distance measurement is available. With three or more nearby APs, an app can trilaterate a device's location with an accuracy of one to two meters. 
The technology operation principle is based on time delay in signal reception and transmission - the time necessary for sending a signal and the time required for receiving its confirmation have to be taken into account. The system calculates this time span and then multiplies it by the speed of light.
Not all devices have the necessary hardware support yet for this feature. At present the list of the certified routers contains only the following models:
Application.
With accurate indoor position awareness, apps can perform advanced automation based on where a device is in a building.
For example, a smartphone user can have lights turn on when they enter a particular room by simply making voice commands since the device is location-aware (e.g. "turn on the lights in this room").
The technology makes it possible to create location-based applications and detailed services that let users orient easily inside buildings. In comparison with BLE, the function ensures higher accuracy in defining location and accelerates production processes.
Navigine tested the performance of the Wi-Fi RTT technology and made the conclusion that, subject to the specified requirements, the obtained result exceeds the declared values. Thus, within 95% of the time, the positioning accuracy in the check point is less than 1 m and within 50% of the time, the accuracy figures are kept within the limits of 30 cm. The delay in locating doesn’t exceed 1 sec. Such time frames can be achieved by using the function of calculating pedestrian coordinates (PDR) within the particle filter.
Android Pie.
Wi-Fi Round-Trip-Time in Android Pie does not require that the phone connect to any Wi-Fi access points. Only the phone is used to determine distance, not the APs. This feature is also tied into the Android operating system's existing location system to preserve the user's privacy.
Apps using round-trip delay time (RTT) need the location permission, and the device must have location-based services enabled at the system level.
Many smartphone models with the Android 9 or later operating system can calculate the distance to access points. The following devices support Wi-Fi RTT technology: Xiaomi, LG Corporation, Samsung, Google Pixel, Poco X2, Sharp Aquos.

</doc>
<doc id="56906872" url="?curid=56906872" title="Angelica deAlmeida">
Angelica deAlmeida


</doc>
<doc id="56906874" url="?curid=56906874" title="The Art of Peer Pressure">
The Art of Peer Pressure


</doc>
<doc id="56906890" url="?curid=56906890" title="Cándido Fabre">
Cándido Fabre


</doc>
<doc id="56906891" url="?curid=56906891" title="Kiko (footballer, born 1998)">
Kiko (footballer, born 1998)

Francisco Pomares Ortega (born 21 September 1998), sportingly known as Kiko, is an Andorran international footballer who plays for Elche Ilicitano as a left-back.
Born in Spain, he qualifies to play for Andorra through his mother. His father is from Elche.
International career.
Kiko played his first international game with the national team on 21 March 2018, in a friendly against Liechtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="56906894" url="?curid=56906894" title="Máxima Alerta">
Máxima Alerta

Máxima Alerta is a Cuban-American fusion music band known for its merging of Cuban reggaeton, or Cubaton, with traditional Cuban music and other Latin musical genres.
The band, founded in 1999 by Ray Machado in Santa Clara, Cuba, is credited, along with the band Cubanito 20.02, for popularizing Cubaton. Stylistically, it is known for its incorporating son Cubano, conga, cumbia, salsa, merengue, and Cuban rumba, as well as styles and forms such as rap and ballads. After the band was banned from performing in Cuba, Machado emigrated to Hudson County, New Jersey in the United States, where it resumed performing in 2011, playing in local venues such as the Park Performing Arts Center and Maxwell's, and at New York City locations such as The Bitter End.
History.
1999 — 2011.
Ray Machado, the founder and lead singer of Máxima Alerta, was born in Santa Clara, Cuba, a busy city in the center of Cuba where reggaeton music gained popularity among the young, often marginalized and vilified youth culture (and where it is sometimes spelt "regueton" or "reggae town"), and merged with local influences to be called Cubaton. Machado graduated in 1997 as an audio engineer from the Instituto Cubano de Radio y Television in Havana. He worked as a concert sound engineer for acts including Cándido Fabre, Paulo FG, and El Chispa y sus Cómplices. He founded the Cubaton fusion band Máxima Alerta on June 20, 1999 in Santa Clara, serving as lead singer, musical director, and composer of most of the songs for the group. For four years Machado (aka "El Italiano") and his bandmates, Francisco Pantaleón (aka "El Panta") and Yoslin Aleman (aka "Mister Show") practiced together, working to develop their unique sound and build a following. Marcos Daniel Prado, a singer trained at the Fagot school, joined them in 2002. In 2003 Máxima Alerta debuted on national radio and television stations with two songs, "Echar pa' lante" and "Adegüello 1895", both of which attained national popularity.
According to Machado, hip hop began to gain popularity in Cuba in the 1980s, though rap was forbidden by the Cuban government because it was feared that it could be used for counter-revolutionary activities. 
Fidel Castro changed his mind when hip hop became popular among the Cuban youth, especially among black Cubans. In time, the Castro government came to see rap music artists as potential new revolutionaries, provided that they produced lyrics that cast the Cuban Revolution in a positive light. While still in Cuba, Machado touched upon this by saying, "We don't rap about the political situation. Rap is a special way to talk about the situation in the country. On Cuba there are about 300 hip hop groups; and they all take a different line. We like more commercial raps. We want our raps to also be heard outside of Cuba. Cuban hip hop and reggaeton is strong enough to get success outside of Cuba just like what happens today with son and salsa."
During a concert in Cumanayagua, the band met Flipper, a member of the reggaeton band Cubanito 20.02, who told them that the Cubanito label was looking for other groups. At a later anniversary concert for the Radio Taino program "Cuba tonight", the band was noticed by the artistic director of the French record label Lusafrica, and arranged for the band's first CD, "Llegaron los Alertas" to be recorded at Silvio Rodríguez's Abdala Studios. It was released in April 2005. The album features such singles as "Echar pa'lante" ("Go Forward"), which mixes an old revolutionary ballad by Carlos Puebla about Che Guevara with hip hop and son Cubano; and "Machete", a crossover of Cuban rumba and salsa trumpets with a hip hop beat that centers on an old farmer cutting sugar cane with a machete. The album was nominated for Best Album Rap, Dance and Hip Hop at the Cubadisco awards festival. In 2009, the band's song "La Figura" ("Ay Lola"), which Maxima Alerta recorded with the Cuban reggaeton group Gente de Zona, rose to the top of the charts.
In 2011, Máxima Alerta released the CD "Alertas para Todos", recorded and produced by Nando Pro in Havana. Six of the fourteen tracks on the album featured special guests Yulien Oviedo and Dante; Alexander Delgado y Randy Marcos; Sisto Llorente "El Indio". The CD also features a song dedicated Cuban baseball player and Olympic gold medalist Victor Mesa.
Around this same time, at the height of the band's popularity, Cuban government informed the band that a lyric in one of its songs, which mentioned "Cuban girls wanting American men," was incompatible with communist philosophy. Machado refused to modify the song, and the group was banned from performing for eight months. Machado, then 39, emigrated to the United States, where he applied for political asylum in 2011.
2011 — present.
In the United States, Machado moved into a basement apartment with his father in Jersey City, New Jersey, serving as the building superintendent while also working in a factory. In late 2015 he moved to nearby West New York, and found work as a day laborer, and then as a sanitation truck driver for the Union City Department of Public Works, in order to support his wife and two daughters. Machado has commented on life in his adopted country by saying, "People say that I am the happiest garbage man they've ever see. And some ask me how I can do that kind of work. I tell them, I am proud and grateful to have a job by which I can support my family. How can I not be happy? I'm blessed. Listen, I live in the greatest country in the world. I have two beautiful daughters, and a loving wife. I love what I do. What else can I ask for?" Nonetheless, in regards to his music, he stated, "After four years of not performing, I thought my dream was gone."
After Machado's father died, he decided to reform Máxima Alerta. In October 2015, the band performed in two sold-out concerts in New York City with merengue singer Fernandito Villalona. In 2016, the band released the song "Vive la Vida", its first song recorded in the United States. In subsequent months, the group sold out concerts at Maxwell's in Hoboken, and another concert with Latin bachata singer Anthony Santos at Union City's Park Performing Arts Center. That same year, it played at the New York City venues Drom and The Bitter End, performed during the Cuban Parade of New Jersey, and made television appearances on stations including Telemundo and Univision. That same year, "Vive la Vida" was included in the first round of voting for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Fusion.
In 2016, the band released the single "Que Viva USA", a tribute to its adopted home country. The video for the single, released in October that year, was directed by Brandon Medina, and produced by Melu Films, the production company of actor/singer/filmmaker Lucio Fernandez, the Commissioner of Public Affairs in Union City, who also serves as the band's manager and one of its vocalists. Fernandez's wife, Megan, a dancer and instructor who appeared on "America's Got Talent", appears as one of the dancers in it.
Influences and style.
The band is credited, along with the band Cubanito 20.02, of popularizing the Cuban form of reggaeton, or Cubaton, and is known for its incorporation of musical genres that include son Cubano, conga, cumbia, salsa, and merengue. It also incorporates musical styles and forms such as rap and ballads. Machado described Máxima Alerta's fusion of genres by saying, "We mix American hip hop with son, salsa, merengue, cumbia and reggae. Today, we call our music reggaeton." Compared to Cubanito 20.02, Máxima Alerta is influenced more by traditional Cuban music than by Jamaican music. The band's music pays homage to Elio Revé, the singer of the changüí, which, like son Cubano, originated from the Oriente Province, the eastern part of Cuba.
Machado comments however, on the necessity of judiciousness when merging styles so that they complement one another, saying, "It's not easy to mix hip hop with Cuban music. You have to listen carefully to see if it stays in the same line with the Cuban clave, the basis of our traditional music. You cannot copy gratuitously another style. There are rappers who try to imitate American gangsta style. That's ridiculous because there are no gangs here. Others' raps deal with living in the ghetto and working in the sugar industry as well as about going to the beach, parties, beautiful women and the beauty of Cuba."

</doc>
<doc id="56906896" url="?curid=56906896" title="Lawrence A. Nixon">
Lawrence A. Nixon


</doc>
<doc id="56906897" url="?curid=56906897" title="Black Boy Fly">
Black Boy Fly


</doc>
<doc id="56906919" url="?curid=56906919" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906922" url="?curid=56906922" title="Charlie Says (2018 film)">
Charlie Says (2018 film)

Charlie Says is a 2018 American biographical drama film directed by Mary Harron and starring Hannah Murray as Leslie Van Houten and Matt Smith as infamous killer Charles Manson.
It had its world premiere at the 75th Venice International Film Festival on September 2, 2018 and was released on May 10, 2019, by IFC Films.
Inspiration.
The film is based on the books, "The Family", by Ed Sanders, and "The Long Prison Journey of Leslie Van Houten," by Karlene Faith.
The film documents the work of Faith with the Manson women, Susan Atkins, Patricia Krenwinkel, and Leslie Van Houten, at the California Institution for Women, in the mid-1970s.
It shows how Faith, as a graduate student, helped the Manson women come to understand the magnitude of their crimes, and eventually renounce Charles Manson.
Plot.
The film tells the story of Leslie "Lulu" Van Houten's life in the Manson Family cult and Karlene Faith's work to deprogram her, Patricia "Katie" Krenwinkel, and Susan "Sadie" Atkins after they were imprisoned for their involvement in the Tate and LaBianca murders. It interweaves scenes from various time periods.
In the opening scene, Lulu slowly showers blood off her face after the LaBianca murders. Three years later, Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are in the Special Security Unit at the California Institution for Women. Karlene Faith, a University of California, Santa Cruz graduate student, is assigned to teach them college classes. Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are unusually gentle, polite, and welcoming, in contrast to what we expect of murderers. As Karlene gets acquainted with them, she sees that their belief systems were set for them by Charles "Charlie" Manson, whom they adore. She wants to change that.
The film flashes back to Lulu's introduction to the Family and Charlie at Spahn Ranch. Fulfilling Charlie's requests for new recruits, Catherine "Gypsy" Share brings Lulu to the ranch. Katie becomes Lulu's mentor. Katie explains Charlie's and the Family's beliefs. The group follows Charlie's preaching to let go of their egos, live in the now, and 
be free about sex. Drugs are handed out to everyone. The members of the Family are happy and loving to each other. That evening, Lulu witnessed a deeply emotional scene involving another Family member, Sandy. In front of the group, Charlie tore down Sandy's personality and relationship with her parents, then gave her a new interpretation of herself and sealed the deal with group affirmation. Returning from the flashback, Lulu tells Karlene that every girl should have a daddy like Charlie. Incredulous, Karlene thinks that Lulu, Katie, and Sadie have been brainwashed and offers them copies of "Our Bodies, Ourselves" and "Sisterhood is Powerful".
Some days, Charlie sends the women out to panhandle and hunt through dumpsters for food. Some nights, he oversees Family orgies. He makes the rules for the group. Women cannot hold money. Women aren't allowed to serve themselves food until the men at the table have served themselves. After Lulu sees Charlie callously disregard the pain of a crying Family member, he explains his philosophy that the members of his group are trying to let go of their materialistic culture, to submit, and to get rid of their egos and hang ups. He says that there has to be some death of self. Then he has sex with Lulu and tells her to think of it like making love to her daddy and that "it is what all the girls want but can never have."
In various scenes, Lulu is chastised for questioning the inconsistencies in Charlie's mandates. In one scene, he takes her to a cliff and tells her that if she wants to leave the ranch, then she must jump. Charlie believes that some passages in the "Book of Revelation" refer to him and that he will lead mankind after a revolution caused by a race war. Lulu, Katie, and Sadie tell Karlene about Charlie's belief that they will wait out the revolution in a bottomless pit and that when it is over, some of them will become winged elves who fly to the surface. Karlene tries to get them to think rationally instead of believing what Charlie taught them. They still are not able to do so.
In another flashback, Dennis Wilson tells Charlie that the Beach Boys will record one of Charlie's songs, Cease to Exist. Charlie thinks that he is going to be a rock star. But, when record producer Terry Melcher sees Charlie and his back-up singers perform Look at Your Game, Girl, he is not impressed. This makes Charlie angry and, later that evening, he beats Sadie. 
His focus shifts from music to violence. He decides to kick-start the race war by killing some white people and blaming the killings on African Americans. He calls this "Helter Skelter".
He orders Sadie and "Tex" to go to the Terry Melcher's old house, now occupied by Sharon Tate, to kill the residents. They are accompanied by Katie and Linda Kasabian.
After the Tate murders, Charlie orders Katie, Tex, and Lulu to commit the LaBianca murders. Following Charlie's teaching, Tex believes that they can become invisible at will.
Karlene wants to give Lulu, Katie, and Sadie back their own selves from the time before they met Charlie. But, as time goes by, she realizes that when Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are able to think for themselves again, they will realize how wrong the murders were. The murders were irrevocable and they will torment Lulu, Katie, and Sadie for the rest of their lives. The final scenes show Lulu realizing that the murders would not bring about a revolution, but, instead were for nothing.
Production.
In January 2016, Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner were announced to be directing and writing a film based on the life and crimes of Charles Manson and his followers.
In February 2018, the casting began, with Matt Smith cast to play Manson, and Hannah Murray, Odessa Young, Marianne Rendón, Merritt Wever, Carla Gugino, Kayli Carter and Suki Waterhouse among the supporting cast. Chace Crawford and Sosie Bacon were cast in March 2018, with Gugino no longer set to star in the film. Annabeth Gish joined the film in April.
Release.
It had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 2, 2018. Shortly after, IFC Films acquired U.S. distribution rights to the film. It was released on May 10, 2019.
Reception.
On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 59%, based on 73 reviews, with an average rating of 5.90/10. The site's consensus states: ""Charlie Says" approaches its infamous subject from a welcome new angle, but suffers from a disappointing lack of depth in its treatment of the story". On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 57 out of 100, based on 21 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="56906926" url="?curid=56906926" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906928" url="?curid=56906928" title="Virginia State Route 625 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 625 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906932" url="?curid=56906932" title="The Epic (disambiguation)">
The Epic (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="56906935" url="?curid=56906935" title="C. P. Huntington (train)">
C. P. Huntington (train)


</doc>
<doc id="56906936" url="?curid=56906936" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Northumberland County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Northumberland County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906941" url="?curid=56906941" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Nottoway County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Nottoway County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906944" url="?curid=56906944" title="Structure of Haplogroup K-M9">
Structure of Haplogroup K-M9


</doc>
<doc id="56906947" url="?curid=56906947" title="SWISS TXT Corp.">
SWISS TXT Corp.


</doc>
<doc id="56906949" url="?curid=56906949" title="Virginia State Route 626 (Orange County)">
Virginia State Route 626 (Orange County)


</doc>
<doc id="56906961" url="?curid=56906961" title="Sylvia Jane Hutton">
Sylvia Jane Hutton


</doc>
<doc id="56906977" url="?curid=56906977" title="Junius George Groves">
Junius George Groves

Junius George Groves (April 12, 1859 – August 17, 1925) was an American farmer and entrepreneur remembered as one of the wealthiest black Americans of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Known as the "Potato King of the World" by 1902, Groves optimized potato growth methods, out-producing anyone else in the world to that point. His vast financial success—‌analyzed further in Booker T. Washington's "The Negro in Business" (1907)—‌was utilized to help combat racism by providing economic opportunities for other black Americans.
Biography.
Junius George Groves, the son of Martin and Mary Anderson Groves, was born in slavery on April 12, 1859, in Green County, Kentucky. After emancipation, he received some public schooling three months out of the year, but taught himself to read, write, and understand mathematics. As a freedman, with just 90 cents to his name, Groves ventured to Edwardsville, Kansas, during the Exodus of 1879, where he married Matilda E. Stewart a year later. The couple had 14 children, 12 of whom survived into adulthood. After working as a sharecropper, Groves began purchasing farmland in 1884; by 1905, his holdings included about 500 acres. He and Matilda grew the farm and were able to build a 22-room mansion on the property.
Groves purchased and shipped produce—‌most famously potatoes—‌throughout North America. His other financial ventures included owning and operating a general goods store in Edwardsville, stock in mines in Indian Territory and New Mexico, and stock in Kansas banks; he also founded or co-founded the Negro Business League, the Pleasant Hill Baptist Church, the Kaw Valley Potato Association, and the Sunflower State Agricultural Association. Booker T. Washington, who featured Groves in his book "The Negro in Business" (1907), had high praise for him, describing Groves as "our most successful Negro farmer."
By 1902, Groves was considered the "Potato King of the World". His superior methods led to the production of 721,500 bushels of the crop in a single year, out-producing anyone else in the world to that point. His worth was estimated at $80,000 in 1904 and at $300,000 in 1915; he is considered one of the most prosperous black Americans of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. At the height of his success, he had constructed a 22-room mansion equipped with the latest comforts of the era.
Groves utilized his wealth and influence to combat racism. During the growing season, as many as 50 laborers—‌both black and white—‌worked on his farm. He founded a black American community center in Edwardsville and a golf course for black citizens, perhaps the first of its kind in the country.
Groves died of a heart attack at the age of 66. His funeral, one local newspaper reported, was the "largest ever in Edwardsville"; he is thought to be buried in Groves Cemetery, near the community center he founded.

</doc>
<doc id="56906984" url="?curid=56906984" title="Myostaurida">
Myostaurida

Myostaurida is a suborder of jellyfishes. It contains four families.

</doc>
